Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I ob-ject to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of a native son of Baltimore, Maryland, Mr. Reginald F. Lewis. Let me also acknowledge the pres-ence of many of the Lewis family mem-bers in the gallery, including his moth-er, Carolyn; widow, Loida; daughter, Leslie; and brother, Anthony. From November 30 to December 1, 1987, 30 years ago, Mr. Lewis negotiated the $985 million leveraged buyout of Beatrice International Foods. At the time, it was the largest leveraged buyout of an American company’s overseas assets, and it led to the cre-ation of what the New York Times identified in 1993 as the largest cor-poration in the United States led by an African American. Mr. Lewis’ accomplishments changed the face of American business forever and opened new doors of opportunity on Wall Street. His substantial philan-thropic gifts have also continued to benefit Baltimore and, indeed, the Na-tion. They help young Americans of color to dream bigger, and in Lewis’ own words, to ‘‘keep on going, no mat-ter what.’’ I invite everyone to join me in cele-brating and honoring Reginald Lewis’ memory and extraordinary accomplish-ments. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NORTH HUNTERDON WOMEN’S CROSS COUNTRY TEAM (Mr. LANCE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an important ath-letic achievement in New Jersey’s Sev-enth Congressional District. The North Hunterdon High School women’s cross country team won the State Meet of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.000 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9572 December 1, 2017 
Champions. The North Hunterdon Lions are an historic and distinguished program, winning seven State cross country championships over the years. I commend these young women on their athletic achievement. I can only imagine how proud their parents and families must be. It is encouraging that the hard work of these young women has been re-warded with success. Their persever-ance and commitment should be com-mended. I also express my heartfelt congratu-lations to their coach, Sean Walsh. With Coach Walsh’s steadfast leader-ship, the North Hunterdon women’s cross country team was able to realize its full athletic potential. And these young women are distinguished aca-demically as well. Congratulations to all who were in-volved. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, last week, FCC Chairman Pai circulated his plan to extinguish the most important tech-nological achievement in modern his-tory: the free and open internet. His plan guts the 2015 open internet rules and removes the FCC as the cop on the beat to protect consumers online. Without protections against block-ing, throttling, or paid prioritization, there will be nothing to stop ISPs from slowing or blocking a website or charg-ing consumers more to access certain content. It would allow ISPs to pick winners and losers by charging small businesses tolls to reach potential cus-tomers online, and they will be able to control the flow of information on the internet. Millions of Americans cheered for the 2015 rules to protect the open internet, rules that have been upheld by the courts. With those rules in place, ISPs have been less likely to mess with con-tent. Meanwhile, investment in the online ecosystem continues to grow with in-novative new apps and more buildout of broadband. I stand here in opposition to Chair-man Pai’s plan, and I urge my col-leagues to do the same. The internet belongs to all of us, not just the big ISPs. SHERIFF HARVEY GJESDAL RETIRES (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheriff Harvey Gjesdal of Douglas County, Wash-ington, for his significant contribu-tions to the safety of the constituents in the Fourth District and to congratu-late him on his recently announced re-tirement. Sheriff Gjesdal has served in Wash-ington State law enforcement for over 30 years. He began his career in 1985, at the Garfield County Sheriff’s Office, and he spent 8 years in the Bellevue Police Department before landing in Douglas County in 1995. He was pro-moted to sergeant in 2000 and elected to his current position in 2006. Additionally, he served in the U.S. Coast Guard Reserve for 26 years, where he was activated four times, in-cluding two tours in the Middle East. For the last 22 years, Sheriff Gjesdal has been promoting safety and building strong relationships in central Wash-ington. I am thankful for his leadership and compassion, and I urge my col-leagues to join me in congratulating him on a successful career. f 
TAX BILL (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, today 9 million children are at risk of losing their access to healthcare and millions of parents are losing sleep as funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program expires. Community health centers across the country are at risk of steep cuts, forc-ing them to lay off medical profes-sionals and turn away thousands of pa-tients as their funding expires. DREAMers, who know no other home than America, are at risk of deporta-tion as their DACA status expires. Military families, who serve a nation at war, are at risk of going without pay as government funding expires. But instead of passing legislation to ensure children have access to healthcare, to keep community health centers open, to protect our DREAM-ers, and to support military families, the majority is too focused on cutting taxes for the wealthiest individuals in America. This is a shameful failure to act in the best interests of the Amer-ican people. 
f 
INTERNATIONAL HUMAN RIGHTS MONTH (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, today kicks off International Human Rights Month, a celebration of the inalienable rights to which everyone is entitled. This coming year marks the 70th an-niversary of the date the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was adopted by the United Nations, a docu-ment which has been translated into more than 500 languages. This week, we examine the perils of human trafficking, which, at its core, is a violation of fundamental human rights and is far too prevalent around the globe. As vice chair of the International Re-ligious Freedom Caucus, I am saddened by the atrocities occurring around the globe in which people of all faiths are persecuted. We cannot turn a blind eye to injus-tice. America must remain a beacon of principled courage, recognizing and promoting the basic human rights of all people. If we remain silent in the face of these transgressions, we neglect that moral imperative, and we do so at the peril of civil society. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Mr. GOMEZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GOMEZ. Mr. Speaker, from Cali-fornia to New York and everywhere in between, the Republican tax scam steals from working class families to give the top 1 percent and large cor-porations a massive tax break. The Republican plan eliminates de-ductions like State and local taxes, mortgage interest rates, medical ex-penses, and student loan interest that working families rely on. This bill will only increase income inequality in our country, where the rich get richer and those in the middle class and those struggling to get into the middle class are left further and further behind. I can’t believe anyone would vote for such a bill. Either you know what is in it and you don’t care about the con-sequences of your vote, or you don’t and you will still vote for it anyway. I don’t know which one is worse. To the Republicans who care about the deficit only when Democrats are in power, you have lost all credibility when it comes to this issue. I hope the American people will remember who voted for this bill. 
f 
ORGANIC PRODUCTION IS GROWING IN PENNSYLVANIA (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this week I had the oppor-tunity to meet with a number of or-ganic farmers to discuss the upcoming farm bill and its impact on organic pro-duction. In recent years, organic production has continued to grow in Pennsylvania, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.002 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9573 December 1, 2017 
Pennsylvania being the second largest State for organic production, and in many other States. There are a number of programs au-thorized in the farm bill, including Be-ginning Farmers and Ranchers, that help provide financial assistance and planning assistance for new farmers and farms. Access to programs such as these is essential for supporting the next generation of farmers and growing American agriculture. As it relates to organic, the farm bill contains numerous provisions and pro-grams tailored to organic producers. This includes conservation assistance through EQIP Organic Initiative, the Market Access Program, Organic Agri-culture Research and Extension, and competitive grants. The Horticulture title also includes the National Organic Certification Cost Share, marketing and data collection, the Organic Program, and the Organic Check-Off Program. Mr. Speaker, supporting agriculture of all forms through the farm bill is critically important for the industry, rural communities, and, quite frankly, all Americans. 
f 
b0915 HELP VETERANS EXPOSED TO TOXIC BURN PITS (Mr. RUIZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, Congress must act to help our veterans exposed to burn pits and must act now. In Iraq and Afghanistan, the military used burn pits to get rid of huge piles of trash, exposing our men and women in uniform to toxic chemicals and car-cinogens in the air and soil—veterans like my constituent and my friend Jen-nifer Kepner, a mother who died from pancreatic cancer in October 2017. That is why I urge a vote on H.R. 1279, the Helping Veterans Exposed to Burn Pits Act that I support and co-sponsor. This bipartisan bill will create a center of excellence within the VA that will help diagnose, treat, and re-habilitate veterans who were exposed. Veterans will be served by staff with specialty expertise needed to address the kinds of health conditions those ex-posed now suffer. This bill also directs the VA and DOD to establish a program to train their health providers to treat veterans ex-posed and to study the long-term ef-fects of exposure. So I urge all of my colleagues to support this critical bill and bring it to a vote immediately to help save our veterans lives. 
f 
PRESERVING ACCESS TO MANU-FACTURED HOUSING ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 635, I call up the bill (H.R. 1699) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the defini-tions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, to amend the Se-cure and Fair Enforcement for Mort-gage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, and for other purposes, and ask for its im-mediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 635, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–42 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 1699 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Preserving Ac-cess to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. MORTGAGE AND LOAN ORIGINATOR DEFI-NITIONS. 
(a) M ORTGAGE ORIGINATOR DEFINITION .—Sec- tion 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (cc) and subsection (dd) as subsections (dd) and (ee), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (2)(C) of subsection (dd), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘an employee of a retailer of manufactured homes who is not de-scribed in clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) and who does not advise a consumer on loan terms (including rates, fees, and other costs)’’ and inserting ‘‘a retailer of manufactured or modular homes or its employees unless such re-tailer or its employees receive compensation or gain for engaging in activities described in sub-paragraph (A) that is in excess of any com-pensation or gain received in a comparable cash transaction’’. (b) L
OAN ORIGINATOR DEFINITION .—Section 1503(4)(A) of the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5102(4)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) does not include a retailer of manufac-tured or modular homes or its employees unless such retailer or its employees receive compensa-tion or gain for engaging in activities described in clause (i) that is in excess of any compensa-tion or gain received in a comparable cash transaction.’’. 
SEC. 3. HIGH-COST MORTGAGE DEFINITION. 
Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (aa) (relating to disclosure of greater amount or percentage), as so designated by section 1100A of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as sub-section (bb); (2) by redesignating subsection (bb) (relating to high-cost mortgages), as so designated by sec-tion 1100A of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as subsection (aa), and moving such subsection to immediately follow subsection (z); and (3) in subsection (aa)(1)(A), as so redesig-nated— (A) in clause (i)(I), by striking ‘‘(8.5 percent-age points, if the dwelling is personal property and the transaction is for less than $50,000)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10 percentage points if the dwelling is personal property or is a transaction that does not include the purchase of real prop-erty on which a dwelling is to be placed, and the transaction is for less than $75,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Bureau to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index))’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) notwithstanding subclauses (I) and (II), in the case of a transaction for less than $75,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Bureau to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index) in which the dwelling is personal property (or is a consumer credit transaction that does not in-clude the purchase of real property on which a dwelling is to be placed) the greater of 5 percent of the total transaction amount or $3,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Bureau to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index); or’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill shall be debatable for 1 hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in strong support of H.R. 1699, the Preserving Ac-cess to Manufactured Housing Act. It is an important bill that is cosponsored by a bipartisan—I repeat, bipartisan— group of members, and it was approved by the Financial Services Committee with a strong bipartisan vote of 42–18. In fact, this proposal has a long track record of bipartisan support with a similar bill having passed the last Con-gress with votes from both Republicans and Democrats. I want to thank my colleague, Rep-resentative B
ARR, the chairman of our Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee for his leadership in intro-ducing this legislation and for leading congressional efforts to help Ameri-cans, particularly those of lower and moderate incomes, to help them achieve a greater level of financial independence and being able to achieve their American Dream of homeowner-ship. Here is the problem, Mr. Speaker. Under the CFPB’s regulations, many small-balance manufactured home loans are now being considered ‘‘high cost.’’ This means that many people, particularly those with lower and mod-erate incomes who want to buy a man-ufactured home, aren’t able to buy that home. Their access to credit is being un-fairly restricted through no fault of their own. Lenders are leaving the market. Five County Credit Union in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.004 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9574 December 1, 2017 
Maine, Zia Credit Union in New Mex-ico, Manhattan Bank in Montana, and the list goes on and on and on. Lenders are leaving the market. As we know, many consumers who live in rural areas, including those in the Fifth District of Texas who I have the pleasure and honor of representing, they just don’t have access to rental options or other affordable housing. So the CFPB rules are unfairly penalizing rural residents and working families, many of whom happen to be retirees, single moms, working families, vet-erans, and they simply want to buy a manufactured home that they can live in. They are being denied that oppor-tunity. So here in Washington, inside the very elite beltway bubble, there is sim-ply not an appreciation for manufac-tured housing and the role that plays in our vital affordable housing compo-nent. But let’s listen to what the American people tell us outside of the beltway. A 75-year-old retiree from Pleasant Prai-rie, Wisconsin, said he purchased a manufactured home because ‘‘it was af-fordable, and it was in a desirable loca-tion.’’ A 57-year-old single mom from Albu-querque, New Mexico, purchased a manufactured home. She said: ‘‘It pro-vided the best value for the money. There were no other housing options available. I searched for over a year to find affordable housing. All of the site- built homes in the area were over $100,000, which was out of my price range.’’ Manufactured housing is with-in the price range of many working Americans. A 28-year-old single mom of two from Jenera, Ohio, she had been renting. She wanted her own home. And when she purchased it, she said, she ‘‘found this, allowed us to own a home for less than we would have to pay to rent another.’’ Stories like this are commonplace all over America, Mr. Speaker. And it is why it is so important that we recog-nize the rights of our fellow citizens to give them the opportunity of affordable housing. You can’t protect consumers by protecting them out of their homes. Manufactured housing is affordable housing. So we have a regulation from an agency that is supposed to be pro-tecting consumers, but, instead, it is preventing families from purchasing affordable housing. We must change that. We have to pass this bipartisan bill, H.R. 1699. With just a few minor clari-fications to the definition of mortgage originator, loan originator, and high- cost mortgage, this bill will ensure that consumers of small-balance mort-gage loans have access to the mortgage credit they need. These minor tech-nical clarifications will help preserve consumer choice and financing options for those seeking to buy a manufac-tured home. Now, some on the other side of the aisle will say: Well, this eviscerates important consumer protections. Well, number one, loans under this bill will still be covered by the Truth in Lend-ing Act, the Fair Housing Act, the abil-ity to repay rules, Equal Credit Oppor-tunity Act, and all of the consumer protection laws passed by the various States. So let’s support working Americans. Let’s support affordable housing. Let’s support Mr. B
ARR’s H.R. 1699. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 1699 which would undermine the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and elimi-nate consumer protections for some of the country’s most vulnerable bor-rowers. Mr. Speaker, the title of this bill paints it as a measure that purports to preserve access to manufactured hous-ing. So I want to be very clear about what this bill is and what it is not about, and who will win and who will be harmed if this bill is signed into law. This isn’t about regulatory burdens, reducing access to credit. The lending volume in the manufactured housing industry has gotten back to where it was before the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau put new regulations in place. This isn’t about credit unions and community banks not being able to enter the manufactured housing mar-ket. Many credit unions already under-write mortgage loans and chattel loans for manufactured housing. But what H.R. 1699 is about is one-stop-shop megainstitutions like Clayton Homes, owned by billionaire Warren Buffett, which has almost half of the market share for manufactured housing lend-ing. His manufactured housing empire profits in every imaginable way in this sector from producing housing, to sell-ing housing, to originating the loans that take advantage of vulnerable cus-tomers and leave them with virtually no way to refinance. This bill makes it easier for financial titans like billionaire Warren Buffett to earn even more profits at the ex-pense of some of the most vulnerable consumers in this country. I show this ad because they would have you believe that Clayton Homes is separate from all of the other entities that they have under Clayton Homes. One would think that, simply, Clayton Homes is the seller of these mortgages. But they are under different names. They are under Vanderbilt. They are under HomeFirst. They are under Ben-jamin Moore, and they are under Oak-wood Homes. So sometimes people think perhaps, if they are not getting the kind of serv-ice that they want when they are look-ing for a mortgage, that they will go to some other place other than Clayton. But they end up literally going to other entities owned by Clayton Homes. This is a Warren Buffett bill. This is a Clayton bill. And to tell you the truth, this institution is not in the business of originating legislation for one particular business. This is what this is all about. And I will show you how they do it. They have different names on their operations, but the ads all look the same. ‘‘We will beat the match. We will beat the match.’’ Same ads for Tru Value and the other entities owned by them, but they all belong to Warren Buffett and Clayton. This bill, again, would harm manu-factured housing consumers who are typically more vulnerable than the av-erage homeowner. They are low-income buyers, rural buyers, minority buyers. And reports from the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, the Manufac-tured Housing Institute, and the Cen-ter for Public Integrity have all shown us that this measure would not create access to affordable housing; but it would, instead, allow an incredibly profitable industry to make even more money at the expense of low-income and rural homeowners, even if the in-dustry itself asserts that it has been growing and highly profitable, even in the years after Dodd-Frank, and the Consumer Bureau’s mortgage protec-tions have been in place. So just take a look at this. If you take a look back what was happening in 2003, where they had 18 percent share in the market, now they have 39 per-cent. This is all Clayton, 39 percent. And their portfolio includes about $12.5 billion in customers. So I would like to just reiterate again that this is about Warren Buffett and this is about Clayton. Let me just share with you that Berkshire Hatha-way chairman Warren Buffett has also been touting its post-Dodd-Frank Act profitability of manufactured housing. Clayton Homes is Berkshire’s highly profitable manufactured housing sub-sidy, and it earned a total of $744 mil-lion in 2016, a 33 percent increase over 2014. Yes, that is a 33 percent increase after the Dodd-Frank Act rules were in place. Unfortunately, this is the same Clayton Homes that was the subject of a multipart Seattle Times and Center for Public Integrity joint investiga-tion. Mr. Speaker, The Seattle Times did a scathing series on Clayton. I include in the R
ECORD these articles that were done by The Seattle Times. Everyone should avail themselves of this dam-aging information. 
[From the Seattle Times] T
HEMOBILE -HOMETRAP: HOW A WARREN  B
UFFETT EMPIRE PREYS ON THE POOR (By Mike Baker and Daniel Wagner) 
FIRST OF A SERIES  E
PHRATA , GRANT COUNTY .—After years of living in a 1963 travel trailer, Kirk and Patri-cia Ackley found a permanent house with enough space to host grandkids and care for her aging father suffering from dementia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:59 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.006 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9575 December 1, 2017 
So, as the pilot cars prepared to guide the factory-built home up from Oregon in May 2006, the Ackleys were elated to finalize pa-perwork waiting for them at their loan bro-ker’s kitchen table. But the closing documents he set before them held a surprise: The promised 7 percent interest rate was now 12.5 percent, with monthly payments of $1,100, up from $700. The terms were too extreme for the Ackleys. But they’d already spent $11,000, at the dealer’s urging, for a concrete foundation to accommodate this specific home. They could look for other financing but des-perately needed a space to care for her fa-ther. Kirk’s construction job and Patricia’s Wal- Mart job together weren’t enough to afford the new monthly payment. But, they said, the broker was willing to inflate their in-come in order to qualify them for the loan. ‘‘You just need to remember,’’ they re-called him saying, ‘‘you can refinance as soon as you can.’’ To their regret, the Ackleys signed. The disastrous deal ruined their finances and nearly their marriage. But until in-formed recently by a reporter, they didn’t re-alize that the homebuilder (Golden West), the dealer (Oakwood Homes) and the lender (21st Mortgage) were all part of a single com-pany: Clayton Homes, the nation’s biggest homebuilder, which is controlled by its sec-ond-richest man—Warren Buffett. Buffett’s mobile-home empire promises low-income Americans the dream of home-ownership. But Clayton relies on predatory sales practices, exorbitant fees, and interest rates that can exceed 15 percent, trapping many buyers in loans they can’t afford and in homes that are almost impossible to sell or refinance, an investigation by The Seattle Times and Center for Public Integrity has found. Berkshire Hathaway, the investment con-glomerate Buffett leads, bought Clayton in 2003 and spent billions building it into the mobile-home industry’s biggest manufac-turer and lender. Today, Clayton is a many- headed hydra with companies operating under at least 18 names, constructing nearly half of the industry’s new homes and selling them through its own retailers. It finances more mobile-home purchases than any other lender by a factor of six. It also sells prop-erty insurance on them and repossesses them when borrowers fail to pay. Berkshire extracts value at every stage of the process. Clayton even builds the homes with materials—such as paint and car-peting—supplied by other Berkshire subsidi-aries. 
CLAYTON ALWAYS PROFITS  More than a dozen Clayton customers de-scribed a consistent array of deceptive prac-tices that locked them into ruinous deals: loan terms that changed abruptly after they paid deposits or prepared land for their new homes; surprise fees tacked on to loans; and pressure to take on excessive payments based on false promises that they could later refinance. Former dealers said the company encour-aged them to steer buyers to finance with Clayton’s own high-interest lenders. Under federal guidelines, most Clayton mobile-home loans are considered ‘‘higher- priced.’’ Those loans averaged 7 percentage points higher than the typical home loan in 2013, according to a Times/CPI analysis of federal data, compared to just 3.8 percentage points for other lenders. Buyers told of Clayton collection agents urging them to cut back on food and medical care or seek handouts in order to make house payments. And when homes got hauled off to be resold, some consumers already had paid so much in fees and interest that the company still came out ahead. Even through the Great Recession and housing crisis, Clay-ton was profitable every year, generating $558 million in pre-tax earnings in 2014. The company’s tactics contrast with Buffett’s public profile as a financial sage who values responsible lending and helping poor Americans keep their homes. Berkshire Hathaway spokeswoman Carrie Sova and Clayton spokeswoman Audrey Saunders ignored more than a dozen requests by phone, email and in person to discuss Clayton’s policies and treatment of con-sumers. In an emailed statement, Saunders said Clayton helps customers find homes within their budgets and has a ‘‘purpose of opening doors to a better life, one home at a time.’’ (Update: After publication, Berkshire Hathaway’s Omaha headquarters sent a statement on behalf of Clayton Homes to the Omaha World-Herald, which is also owned by Berkshire.) FIRST , A DREAM  As Buffett tells it, his purchase of Clayton Homes came from an ‘‘unlikely source’’: Vis-iting students from the University of Ten-nessee gave him a copy of founder Jim Clay-ton’s self-published memoir, ‘‘First a Dream,’’ in early 2003. Buffett enjoyed read-ing the book and admired Jim Clayton’s record, he has said, and soon called CEO Kevin Clayton, offering to buy the company. ‘‘A few phone calls later, we had a deal,’’ Buffett said at his 2003 shareholders meeting, according to notes taken at the meeting by hedge-fund manager Whitney Tilson. The tale of serendipitous dealmaking paints Buffett and the Claytons as sharing down-to-earth values, antipathy for Wall Street and an old-fashioned belief in treating people fairly. But, in fact, the man who brought the students to Omaha said Clay-ton’s book wasn’t the genesis of the deal. ‘‘The Claytons really initiated this con-tact,’’ said Al Auxier, the Tennessee pro-fessor, since retired, who chaperoned the stu-dent trip after fostering a relationship with the billionaire. CEO Kevin Clayton, the founder’s son, reached out to Buffett through Auxier, the professor said in a recent interview, and asked whether Buffett might explore ‘‘a busi-ness relationship’’ with Clayton Homes. At the time, mobile-home loans had been defaulting at alarming rates, and investors had grown wary of them. Kevin Clayton was seeking a new source of cash to relend to homebuyers. He knew that Berkshire Hatha-way, with its perfect bond rating, could pro-vide it as cheaply as anyone. Later that year, Berkshire Hathaway paid $1.7 billion in cash to buy Clayton Homes. Berkshire Hathaway quickly bought up failed competitors’ stores, factories and bil-lions in troubled loans, building Clayton Homes into the industry’s dominant force. In 2013, Clayton provided 39 percent of new mo-bile-home loans, according to a Times/CPI analysis of federal data that 7,000 home lend-ers are required to submit. The next biggest lender was Wells Fargo, with just 6 percent of the loans. Clayton provided more than half of new mobile-home loans in eight states. In Texas, the number exceeds 70 percent. Clayton has more than 90 percent of the market in Odes-sa, one of the most expensive places in the country to finance a mobile home. To maintain its down-to-earth image, Clayton has hired the stars of the reality-TV show ‘‘Duck Dynasty’’ to appear in ads. The company’s headquarters is a hulking structure of metal sheeting surrounded by acres of parking lots and a beach volleyball court for employees, located a few miles south of Knoxville, Tenn. Next to the front door, there is a slot for borrowers to deposit payments. Near the headquarters, two Clayton sales lots sit three miles from each other. Clayton Homes’ banners promise ‘‘$0 CASH DOWN.’’ TruValue Homes, also owned by Clayton, ad-vertises ‘‘REPOS FOR SALE.’’ Other nearby Clayton lots operate as Luv Homes and Oak-wood Homes. With all the different names, many customers believe that they’re shop-ping around. House-sized banners at dealerships rein-force that impression, proclaiming they will ‘‘BEAT ANY DEAL.’’ In some parts of the country, buyers would have to drive many miles past several Clayton-owned lots, to reach a true competitor. GUIDED INTO COSTLY LOANS  Soon after Buffett bought Clayton Homes, he declared a new dawn for the moribund mobile-home industry, which provides hous-ing for some 20 million Americans. Lenders should require ‘‘significant down payments and shorter-term loans,’’ Buffett wrote. He called 30-year loans on mobile homes ‘‘a mistake,’’ according to notes Tilson took during Berkshire Hathaway’s 2003 share-holders meeting. ‘‘Home purchases should involve an hon-est-to-God down payment of at least 10% and monthly payments that can be comfortably handled by the borrower’s income,’’ Buffett later wrote. ‘‘That income should be care-fully verified.’’ But in examining more than 100 Clayton home sales through interviews and reviews of loan documents from 41 states, reporters found that the company’s loans routinely violated the lending standards laid out by Buffett. Clayton dealers often sold homes with no cash down payment. Numerous borrowers said they were persuaded to take on outsized payments by dealers promising that they could later refinance. And the average loan term actually increased from 21 years in 2007 to more than 23 years in 2009, the last time Berkshire disclosed that detail. Clayton’s loan to Dorothy Mansfield, a dis-abled Army veteran who lost her previous North Carolina home to a tornado in 2011, in-cludes key features that Buffett condemned. Mansfield had a lousy credit score of 474, court records show. Although she had sea-sonal and part-time jobs, her monthly in-come often consisted of less than $700 in dis-ability benefits. She had no money for a down payment when she visited Clayton Homes in Fayetteville, N.C. Vanderbilt, one of Clayton’s lenders, ap-proved her for a $60,000, 20-year loan to buy a Clayton home at 10.13 percent annual in-terest. She secured the loan with two parcels of land that her family already owned free and clear. The dealer didn’t request any documents to verify Mansfield’s income or employment, records show. Mansfield’s monthly payment of $673 con-sumed almost all of her guaranteed income. Within 18 months, she was behind on pay-ments and Clayton was trying to foreclose on the home and land. Many borrowers interviewed for this inves-tigation described being steered by Clayton dealers into Clayton financing without real-izing the companies were one and the same. Sometimes, buyers said, the dealer described the financing as the best deal available. Other times, the Clayton dealer said it was the only financing option. Kevin Carroll, former owner of a Clayton- affiliated dealership in Indiana, said in an interview that he used business loans from a Clayton lender to finance inventory for his lot. If he also guided homebuyers to work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.012 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9576 December 1, 2017 
with the same lender, 21st Mortgage, the company would give him a discount on his business loans—a ‘‘kickback,’’ in his words. Doug Farley, who was a general manager at several Clayton-owned dealerships, also used the term ‘‘kickback’’ to describe the profit-share he received on Clayton loans until around 2008. After that, the company changed its incentives to instead provide ‘‘kickbacks’’ on sales of Clayton’s insurance to borrowers, he said. Ed Atherton, a former lot manager in Ar-kansas, said his regional supervisor was pres-suring lot managers to put at least 80 per-cent of buyers into Clayton financing. Ath-erton left the company in 2013. During the most recent four-year period, 93 percent of Clayton’s mobile-home loans had such costly terms that they required extra disclosure under federal rules. Among all other mobile-home lenders, fewer than half of their loans met that threshold. Customers said in interviews that dealers misled them to take on unaffordable loans, with tactics including last-minute changes to loan terms and unexplained fees that in-flate loan balances. Such loans are, by defi-nition, predatory. ‘‘They’re going to assume the client is un-sophisticated, and they’re right,’’ said Felix Harris, a housing counselor with the non-profit Knoxville Area Urban League. Some borrowers felt trapped because they put up a deposit before the dealer explained the loan terms or, like the Ackleys, felt com-pelled to swallow bait-and-switch deals be-cause they had spent thousands to prepare their land. 
PROMISE DENIED  A couple of years after moving into their new mobile home, Kirk Ackley was injured in a backhoe rollover. Unable to work, he and his wife urgently needed to refinance the costly 21st Mortgage loan they regretted signing. They pleaded with the lender several times for the better terms that they originally were promised, but were denied, they said. The Ackleys tried to explain the options to a 21st supervisor: If they refinanced to lower payments, they could stay in the home and 21st would get years of steady returns. Oth-erwise, the company would have to come out to their rural property, pull the house from its foundation and haul it away, possibly damaging it during the repossession. They both recall being baffled by his reply: ‘‘We don’t care. We’ll come take a chainsaw to it—cut it up and haul it out in boxes.’’ Nine Clayton consumers interviewed for this story said they were promised a chance to refinance. In reality, Clayton almost never refinances loans and accounts for well under 1 percent of mobile-home refinancings reported in government data from 2010 to 2013. It made more than one-third of the pur-chase loans during that period. Of Washington’s 25 largest mobile-home lenders, Clayton’s subsidiaries ranked No. 1 and No. 2 for the highest interest rates in 2013. Together, they ranked eighth in loans originated. ‘‘If you have a decrease in income and can’t afford the mortgage, at least a lot of the big companies will do modifications,’’ said Harris, the Knoxville housing counselor. ‘‘Vanderbilt won’t even entertain that.’’ In general, owners have difficulty refi-nancing or selling their mobile homes be-cause few lenders offer such loans. One big reason: Homes are overpriced or depreciate so quickly that they generally are worth less than what the borrower owes, even after years of monthly payments. Ellie Carosa, of Napavine, Lewis County, found this out the hard way in 2010 after she put down some $40,000 from an inheritance to buy a used home from Clayton priced at about $65,000. Clayton sales reps steered Carosa, who is 67 years old and disabled, to finance the unpaid amount through Vanderbilt at 9 percent in-terest over 20 years. One year later, Carosa was already having problems—peeling paint and failing carpets— so she decided to have a market expert as-sess the value of her home. She hoped to eventually sell the house so the money could help her granddaughter, whom she adopted as her daughter at age 8, attend a local col-lege to study music. Carosa was stunned to learn that the home was worth only $35,000, far less than her original down payment. ″I’ve lost everything,″ Carosa said. ‘RUDEST , MOST CONDESCENDING ’ AGENTS  Berkshire’s borrowers who fall behind on their payments face harassing, potentially illegal phone calls from a company rarely willing to offer relief. Carol Carroll, a nurse living near Bug Tus-sle, Ala., began looking for a new home in 2003 after her husband had died, leaving her with a 6-year-old daughter. Instead of a down payment, she said, the salesman assured her she could simply put up two acres of her family land as collateral. In December 2005, Carroll was permanently disabled in a catastrophic car accident in which two people were killed. Knowing it would take a few months for her disability benefits to be approved, Carroll said, she called Vanderbilt and asked for a temporary reprieve. The company’s answer: ″We don’t do that.″ However, Clayton ratcheted up her prop-erty-insurance premiums, eventually costing her $803 more per year than when she start-ed, she said. Carroll was one of several Clay-ton borrowers who felt trapped in the com-pany’s insurance, often because they were told they had no other options. Some had as many as five years’ worth of expensive pre-miums included in their loans, inflating the total balance to be repaid with interest. Oth-ers said they were misled into signing up even though they already had other insur-ance. Carroll has since sold belongings, borrowed money from relatives and cut back on gro-ceries to make payments. When she was late, she spoke frequently to Clayton’s phone agents, whom she described as ‘‘the rudest, most condescending people I have ever dealt with.’’ It’s a characterization echoed by al-most every borrower interviewed for this story. Consumers say the company’s response to pleas for help is an invasive interrogation about their family budgets, including how much they spend on food, toiletries and utili-ties. Denise Pitts, of Knoxville, Tenn., said Van-derbilt collectors have called her multiple times a day, with one suggesting that she cancel her Internet service, even though she home-schools her son. They have called her relatives and neighbors, a tactic other bor-rowers reported. After Pitts’ husband, Kirk, was diagnosed with aggressive cancer, she said, a Vander-bilt agent told her she should make the house payment her ‘‘first priority’’ and let medical bills go unpaid. She said the com-pany has threatened to seize her property immediately, even though the legal process to do so would take at least several months. Practices like contacting neighbors, call-ing repeatedly and making false threats can violate consumer-protection laws in Wash-ington, Tennessee and other states. Last year, frequent complaints about Clay-ton’s aggressive collection practices led Ten-nessee state officials to contact local hous-ing counselors seeking information about their experiences with the company, accord-ing to two people with knowledge of the con-versations. TREATED LIKE CAR OWNERS  Mobile-home buyers who own their land sites may be able to finance their home pur-chases with real-estate mortgages, which give them more federal and state consumer protections than the other major financing option, a personal-property loan. With con-ventional home mortgages, companies must wait 120 days before starting foreclosure. In some states, the foreclosure process can take more than a year, giving consumers a chance to save their homes. Despite these protections, two-thirds of mobile-home buyers who own their land end up in personal-property loans, according to a federal study. These loans may close more quickly and have fewer upfront costs, but their rates are generally much higher. And if borrowers fall behind on payments, their homes can be seized with little or no warn-ing. Those buyers are more vulnerable because they end up being treated like car owners in-stead of homeowners, said Bruce Neas, an at-torney who has worked for years on fore-closure and manufactured-housing issues in Washington state. Tiffany Galler was a single mother living in Crestview, Fla., in 2005 when she bought a mobile home for $37,195 with a loan from 21st Mortgage. She later rented out the home. After making payments over eight years totaling more than the sticker price of the home, Galler lost her tenant in November 2013 and fell behind on her payments. She ar-ranged to show the home to a prospective renter two months later. But when she ar-rived at her homesite, Galler found barren dirt with PVC pipe sticking up from the ground. She called 911, thinking someone had sto-len her home. Hours later, Galler tracked her repossessed house to a sales lot 30 miles away that was affiliated with 21st. It was listed for $25,900. 
CLAYTON WINS CONCESSIONS  The government has known for years about concerns that mobile-home buyers are treat-ed unfairly. Little has been done. Fifteen years ago, Congress directed the Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment to examine issues such as loan terms and regulations in order to find ways to make mobile homes affordable. That’s still on HUD’s to-do list. The industry, however, has protected its interests vigorously. Clayton Homes is rep-resented in Washington, D.C., by the Manu-factured Housing Institute (MHI), a trade group that has a Clayton executive as its vice chairman and another as its secretary. CEO Kevin Clayton has represented MHI be-fore Congress. MHI spent $4.5 million since 2003 lobbying the federal government. Those efforts have helped the company escape much scrutiny, as has Buffett’s persona as a man of the peo-ple, analysts say. ‘‘There is a Teflon aspect to Warren Buffett,’’ said James McRitchie, who runs a widely read blog, Corporate Governance. Still, after the housing crisis, lawmakers tightened protections for mortgage bor-rowers with a sweeping overhaul known as the Dodd-Frank Act, creating regulatory headaches for the mobile-home industry. Kevin Clayton complained to lawmakers in 2011 that the new rules would lump in some of his company’s loans with ‘‘subprime, pred-atory’’ mortgages, making it harder for mo-bile-home buyers ‘‘to obtain affordable fi-nancing.’’ Although the rules had yet to take effect that year, 99 percent of Clayton’s mobile- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.014 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9577 December 1, 2017 
home loans were so expensive that they met the federal government’s ‘‘higher-priced’’ threshold. Dodd-Frank also tasked federal financial regulators with creating appraisal require-ments for risky loans. Appraisals are com-mon for conventional home sales, protecting both the lender and the consumer from a bad deal. Clayton’s own data suggest that its mobile homes may be overpriced from the start, ac-cording to comments it filed with federal regulators. When Vanderbilt was required to obtain appraisals before finalizing a loan, company officials wrote, the home was de-termined to be worth less than the sales price about 3o percent of the time. But when federal agencies jointly proposed appraisal rules in September 2012, industry objections led them to exempt loans secured solely by a manufactured home. Then Clayton pushed for more concessions, arguing that manufactured-home loans tied to land should also be exempt. Paul Nichols, then-president of Clayton’s Vanderbilt Mort-gage, told regulators that the appraisal re-quirement would be costly and onerous, sig-nificantly reducing ‘‘the availability of af-fordable housing in the United States.’’ In 2013, regulators conceded. They will not require a complete appraisal for new manu-factured homes. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, the investigation found that Clayton locked one disabled vet-eran in Tennessee, Ms. Dorothy Mans-field, into an expensive loan even though the required monthly payment would leave her with only $27 a month to cover the rest of her living costs. Worst, it was a no-documentation loan, meaning that no one even both-ered to verify Dorothy’s income. The investigation also found that Clayton Homes’ in-house lender, Vanderbilt Mortgage, charged minority borrowers substantially higher rates, on average, than their White counterparts. Unfortunately, this appears not to have been an isolated incident as Fed-eral data reveals that Vanderbilt Mort-gage typically has charged African- American borrowers who make more than $75,000 a year more than White people who make only $35,000 a year. Other Clayton Homes borrowers were quoted inexpensive loan terms only to see interest and fees rocket once they had put down a nonrefundable deposit or paid out large amounts of money to prepare their land for installation of the manufactured home. b0930 Just like subprime mortgage loan borrowers who were preyed on before the financial crisis, many consumers who purchased manufactured housing were convinced to take out high-cost loans based on false promises that they would be able to refinance to lower rates in the future. Former Clayton Homes salespeople have confirmed that they have pres-sured customers to use Clayton-affili-ated financing even if it wasn’t the best deal, and some even received kick-backs for putting customers into more expensive loans. Under this bill, some of our most im-portant consumer protection laws that prevent this kind of steering, like the Truth in Lending Act, the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licens-ing Act, and the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act, would no longer apply to manufactured housing retail-ers and salespeople that offer credit to borrowers, even if those salespeople do the same things traditional loan origi-nators do, like referring customers to a creditor or assisting them in applying for credit. So, if enacted, H.R. 1699 would allow abusive lenders to charge over 14 per-cent interest before consumer protec-tions are triggered—more than four times what the average borrower is paying on a home loan. In the coming years, this number could very well grow to 16, 17, and like-ly 18 percent as interest rates rise back to normal. Even worse, the bill also makes it legal for Clayton Homes sales personnel to steer borrowers toward high-cost loans, loans from other parts of the Clayton conglomerate that are not in their best interests, a practice that Congress banned for all loan origi-nators after the financial crisis. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to manu-factured housing, consumers are al-ready exposed to significant risks, high interest rates, the inability to refi-nance and, in many cases, depreciation that starts as soon as the manufac-tured home is sold. Nevertheless, the House is considering a bill that rolls back key protections for these already financially vulnerable consumers. It would do away with a number of protections current law attaches to many high-cost loans, such as stiffer penalties for bad-acting lenders, addi-tional disclosures for investors and consumers who purchase high-cost mortgages, mandatory counseling so that borrowers know what they are getting into, and even the ability for borrowers to have their loan rescinded if lenders don’t follow the law. It would do away with all of this. As the Consumer Bureau noted in its study of the manufactured housing in-dustry, individuals who apply for man-ufactured housing loans ‘‘include cus-tomers that may be considered more fi-nancially vulnerable and thus may par-ticularly stand to benefit from strong consumer protections.’’ Now, in addition to the Consumer Bureau’s report, investigative report-ing has provided names and stories of individuals who have fallen victim to the market practices and policies de-scribed by the Consumer Bureau. Finally, when a nearly identical measure was considered by the House last term as H.R. 650, the Obama ad-ministration issued a veto threat and said they ‘‘strongly oppose’’ the bill be-cause it would ‘‘put low-income and economically vulnerable consumers at significant risk of being subjected to predatory lending and being steered into more expensive loans even when they qualify for lower cost alter-natives.’’ This bill rolls back consumer protec-tions amidst evidence that the manu-factured housing industry needs more oversight and is, at its heart, a dan-gerous giveaway to a sector that al-ready profits handsomely at the ex-pense of vulnerable borrowers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose this rip-off bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, be-fore the morning is over, I hope to have some additional time to yield to the ranking member so she can continue her diatribe against President Obama’s favorite billionaire and Democrat fin-ancier, Warren Buffett. Until then, Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Ken-tucky (Mr. BARR), who is the sponsor of the legislation and the chairman of the Financial Services Committee’s Sub-committee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1699, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act. Homeownership, for many, is part of the American Dream, but overbroad and burdensome regulations arising out of the Dodd-Frank financial con-trol law are limiting the ability of Americans to realize that dream. A one-size-fits-all regulation issued by the CFPB makes it harder for lend-ers to offer mortgages to hardworking Americans who simply want to buy a manufactured home. By expanding the range of loan products considered ‘‘high cost’’ under the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act, the CFPB has failed to recognize the unique na-ture of manufactured housing loans. Due to the increased legal liabilities and stigma associated with making these so-called high-cost mortgages, many lenders have simply stopped making these loans altogether. In fact, according to the government’s own Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data, origination of manufactured housing loans of $75,000 or less has plummeted by 22 percent since this regulation went into effect. This data clearly showed that there is a negative impact of these Federal rules on the avail-ability of credit for manufactured homes. While virtually all mortgage market segments have been growing in the last few years, HMDA data clearly shows continued declines in small dollar loans for manufactured homes. As a result, this regulation is harm-ing low- and moderate-income families, particularly in rural areas, and exist-ing homeowners are harmed because they will not be able to sell their homes. These regulations are hitting Americans in rural areas of modest means the most. Take, for example, the hospital work-er in Kentucky. And, yes, Mr. Speaker, this is about the hospital worker in Kentucky, not Warren Buffett. This hospital worker applied for a loan of $38,500 to finance a manufactured home. He had an 8 percent down pay-ment. His monthly income was $2,200 per month—plenty to cover the all-in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.015 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9578 December 1, 2017 
housing costs of $675 per month. The payment he would have been investing in his own home would have been less than what he was spending on rent. But he couldn’t get financing. He contacted his local banks and credit unions, but they no longer finance manufactured homes. This is not about Warren Buffett. This is about helping low-income Americans achieve the American Dream. The reasons for this crippling lack of credit are unaccountable, unelected bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., at the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau and their ‘‘high-cost’’ loan regulations and the definitions of mortgage originator and loan origi-nator established in the Dodd-Frank Act. These regulations fail to take into account the unique circumstances as-sociated with manufactured housing and the fixed costs associated with the purchase of any home, large or small. They fail to recognize the simple, mathematical fact that fixed costs on smaller loans translate into higher per-centages of the total loan. They fail to recognize that even if interest pay-ments on manufactured homes are more than your average home, the pay-ments are still more affordable than the all-in cost of a site-built home or even rent in many markets. This is especially the case when one considers that purchasing a manufac-tured home as opposed to renting al-lows these owners to build equity lead-ing to financial stability for their fam-ilies. This bipartisan bill, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, recognizes the unique nature of manu-factured housing, something that bu-reaucrats in Washington don’t know anything about. They don’t know any-thing about what goes on in rural America. This fixes these government- caused problems by modifying the defi-nition of loan originators and mort-gage originators to exclude manufac-tured housing retailers and sellers from the definition of a loan or mortgage originator, so long as they are only re-ceiving compensation for the sale of the home and not engaged in loan of-ferings. The legislation also increases the thresholds for high-cost loans to ac-commodate manufactured home pur-chases of up to $75,000. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 20 seconds to the gentleman from Kentucky. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the additional time. Mr. Speaker, it accommodates manu-factured home purchases up to $75,000 while maintaining the tough restric-tions on lenders to prevent any bor-rowers from being taken advantage of. Yes, that is right, this preserves those consumer protections. As Members of Congress, we have an obligation to protect the American people from regulations that harm their ability to purchase an affordable home for themselves and their fami-lies. We need to end government poli-cies under the guise of consumer pro-tection that are actually protecting Americans right out of homeownership. It is not consumer protection, Mr. Speaker, when you deny people afford-able housing. I thank the chairman for his leader-ship on this issue and I applaud both Democrats and Republicans who sup-port this commonsense solution. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, what you just heard was a description of what some who represent some of these rural communities are doing for them or not doing for them. They say: Vulnerable consumer, you can have a loan at 18 percent. We know you can’t afford it, and we will just come and repossess your manufactured housing when you can’t pay. For the chairman, I will take all the time that he would yield to me to con-tinue this discussion and let people know exactly what is going on. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
LLI-
SON), who is a true Congressional Pro-gressive Caucus champion and a senior member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I come to this conversa-tion based on people I know who live in manufactured housing. A lot of folks call it mobile homes or trailer parks. We call it manufactured housing. But I have walked those places, sat in those rooms, and just been with my neigh-bors, friends, and constituents who live in manufactured housing. I appreciate them tremendously. They are wonder-ful folks. The folks I know are just part of those 17 million people who live in manufactured housing. If Congress got rid of manufactured housing, the national homeownership rate would fall about 6 percent. So manufactured housing, no doubt, is im-portant and is an affordable alternative for many people. But that doesn’t mean the lender can rip them off. That doesn’t mean the lender can pick their pockets, and that doesn’t mean that the lender can let some big monopoly reach in the bor-rower’s pockets and take their money away from them. Just because the loan payment on manufactured housing might be lower than rent doesn’t mean they get to up the skim. They have still got to be fair to people. Look, for folks who are watching this debate, it is important to understand what we are really talking about. I am going to boil it down as best I can. We are saying: If you live in manufactured housing and if the loan is going to be extra high in the interest rate, if the interest rate is 6
1⁄2or 81⁄2above the an-nual percentage rate, which could bring you as high as the ranking mem-ber said, 18 percent, then certain things kick in for you. If they are going to charge borrowers that kind of interest rate, the law says we are going to look out for them by saying that the lender has to explain the consequences of default—it will ruin the borrower’s credit—that the lender has to disclose the loan terms in the monthly payments, that the lender has to ensure that the borrower re-ceives homeownership counseling. And this is really important: under another regulation, the lender is forbidden from being the dealer and steering that per-son to a lender. In the case of Clayton Homes, they are both. They will sell the borrower the unit and give them the loan. They will say: Hey, do you know what? We are going to sell you a nice new unit here. Don’t worry about borrowing or where to look for a loan. We got you covered. We are in that business. They are a monopoly. What is hap-pening here, Mr. Speaker, is that all those protections that a high-cost-loan borrower is about to face this legisla-tion takes away. That is all we are talking about here. We are saying that if a borrower is going to get a high-cost loan, then he should get certain protec-tions. The borrower should get infor-mation and counseling. People should tell the borrower what is going to hap-pen if he defaults. They are saying: Hey, man, that is getting in the way of my money. We don’t want you telling them what their rights are because that is interfering with the millions and millions that we are going to get off of them. A dumb consumer works out for our monopoly just fine, a smart one not so much. That is what this is all about. Now, I want to just say—giving my friends on the other side of the aisle the best of intentions—that we do have a philosophical debate here. We believe that the problem—if there is one—of people lending in this market is not that there are consumer protections, but it is that there is a huge monopoly. If the Congress wants to fix the prob-lem of manufactured housing lending, then break up that monopoly. If the Congress wants to get more entrants into the market and get some down-ward competition in price, then break up the monopoly. b0945 But if the Congress just tells the mo-nopoly you can charge these people more now, you don’t have to give them the protections, you don’t have to in-form them, you can steer them, and you have got to get a really high-cost loan before they get any protections, then all that is going to do is benefit the firm that is already occupying this market space. The firm that already sells the unit and gives the loans, the one that has all the advertising set up, the one that has all the sales force set up, the one that has all the infrastructure already set up, the monopolists will be the ones who will benefit from this legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.010 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9579 December 1, 2017 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Minnesota an additional 30 sec-onds. Mr. ELLISON. The theory of this leg-islation is that consumer protection is why you have seen some entrants, some lenders, not be in this space. Our knowledge and our facts indicate that it is because we have got a big, giant monster that controls the whole mar-ket. If Congress wants to do something for manufactured housing residents, we can do it, we can do it now, and we urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this piece of legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), chairman of the Financial Services Sub-committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) for his continued commit-ment to issues surrounding the avail-ability of affordable manufactured housing. He has been a patient cham-pion on this and many other issues that impact Americans seeking access to mortgage financing. The legislation we consider today amends the Truth in Lending Act to specify that a retailer of manufactured housing is not a ‘‘mortgage originator’’ subject to requirements under that act. Similarly, the bill specifies that such a retailer is generally not a ‘‘loan origi-nator.’’ So what do we mean with regard to these technical concerns? They mean that more people in Missouri and Ken-tucky and every other State will have access to manufactured housing. Certain regulations stemming from Dodd-Frank constricted credit for man-ufactured homes. This legislation would help consumers by restoring ac-cess to financing that is currently blocked. If you want more access to credit, if you want more competition, you need to support this. What has happened is that the rules and regulations have constricted the ability of banks and credit unions to be able to make these kinds of loans. Housing options in rural America aren’t necessarily the same as those of-fered in other parts of the Nation. Our rural communities can face a severely limited affordable housing stock, mak-ing the availability of and financing for manufactured housing all the more important. That may not be significant to every Member of this body, but it is certainly important to me and my constituents. Roughly 10 percent of them live in manufactured housing. It is important to the more than 20 million Americans living in manufactured housing today and the many Americans who will turn to manufactured housing to fulfill their housing needs. As someone whose first home was ac-tually a manufactured home, I can tell you that this is extremely important to lots and lots of people in commu-nities in my district. Some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have suggested this legislation will dilute consumer protec-tions. In reality, this bill maintains consumer protections. H.R. 1699 allows, for example, continued CFPB oversight of manufactured housing loans, re-quires that consumers be provided with the full litany of disclosure require-ments, and maintains the ‘‘ability to repay’’ requirements established in Dodd-Frank. The idea that this legisla-tion guts consumer protections, Mr. Speaker, is simply not true. There has also been the charge that this legislation would help retailers that originate mortgages. To be clear, H.R. 1699 does not exempt parties that are actual mortgage originators. If a retailer is compensated for acting as a mortgage originator, the legal require-ments that apply to other mortgage originators will still apply to them after passage of this bill. Manufactured housing provides not just a housing alternative, but an op-portunity for individuals and families to become homeowners. This legisla-tion ensures manufactured housing re-mains available and affordable, with-out eroding important consumer pro-tections. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important measure. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Congresswoman W
ATERS , for standing up for consumers. As I stand here today, first, let me just say I echo all of the comments of my colleagues on this side of the aisle, and I, too, rise in opposition of H.R. 1699, a bill that would put the lowest income and most vulnerable consumers at risk of becoming victims of preda-tory lending. This bill would increase the chances of consumers being steered into higher cost loans when they could otherwise qualify for lower cost alter-natives. As an aside, it is quite interesting to sit here and listen to my colleagues on the other side have such great interest in affordable housing and low-income residents, and yet, as I have sat on the Financial Services Committee, I have watched them repeatedly cut funds to the budget for low-income residents and not stand up for some of the state-ments when former Director Richard Cordray came in to talk about the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau and what they have done to stamp out this type of predatory lending. It is also quite interesting, and I would be remiss not to mention, that last week President Trump appointed the Director of the Office of Manage-ment and Budget, Mick Mulvaney, to lead the Bureau, yet he is the same man who spent years trying to elimi-nate this organization, a man who did not stand up for low-income, affordable housing. Mr. Speaker, I will end by saying I think we need someone who can stand up for consumers, and I am pleased to hear my colleagues say that they be-lieve in consumer protection and that they are going to advocate for those with low income and they are going to stand up against predatory lending. So it should be interesting, as we move forward. Mr. Speaker, I am in opposition to H.R. 1699. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this subject to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I suspect I might be one of the few Members of Congress whose first house was a manufactured house. Not only that, but I represent a district where 50 percent of the homes are man-ufactured housing. I think that it is important that we kind of separate the two discussions. If the CFPB were looking at the abuses and going after the abusers that I have heard talked about from the other side, there might not be a discussion today, but that is not what the CFPB did. What the CFPB did is say that all balloon notes are bad. I can’t find any bank, from the East Coast to the West Coast, that will come into New Mexico and lend $33,000 for a used mobile home and put it on a 30-year note. You can tear up a mobile home within days. So balloon notes are simply made in order for people to come in and check. They didn’t use them to maybe put bad adjustments and higher interest rates or anything. They just want to be able to look. So they generally put these loans on a 5-year basis. At the end of 5 years, if everything is good, we continue to roll it. We don’t start from scratch. We don’t charge you prejudicial interest. But all balloon notes were made ille-gal by the CFPB. They were declared to be prejudicial in their nature when they weren’t. Qualified mortgages were another way that they shut off the lending for the manufactured housing in our dis-trict. Owner-seller financing was an-other way. What happens in New Mexico, some-body will buy a trailer house, a manu-factured home. They will live in it, pay for it, buy another one, and over their lifetime accumulate 10 or 15. Then, when they retire, they begin to sell one at a time. If you sell more than one or two, the CFPB said: You are now a broker-deal-er, and we are not going to let you op-erate unless you become licensed. So it shut off much of the access of just one seller selling to another. We brought the CFPB in. We brought Kelly Cochran, about 5 years ago, to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.012 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9580 December 1, 2017 
walk through these and say: Please, we understand what you are trying to do. No one wants to be protecting those who are violating consumer rights, but just get it within its lane. Kelly Cochran was there for almost an hour and admitted that she was not aware of the many things brought up that were on-the-ground problems. They never changed them. Mr. Cordray continued to assert that he had solved all the problems, when he had never solved any of the problems. Most of the banks in New Mexico— and I live right on the Texas line—in that region of Texas and New Mexico, just quit offering to finance manufac-tured housing. That meant the people who needed it the most had no access to credit. We discussed these items in the open hearings many times with the CFPB Director, Mr. Cordray, and it just seemed like they could never get fo-cused on those. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from New Mexico an additional 15 seconds. Mr. PEARCE. This bill today is sim-ply saying that we have people with a need, and they have to be able to get access to loans to finance houses to live in. It is the way I began. It is the way I want other people in New Mexico to begin. Let’s just restore order to the market. That is what we are trying to do. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID S
COTT), a senior member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to deal with two things quickly in my 2 minutes. I want to deal with the CFPB’s directorship, but let me start with clarifying a few things. First of all, manufactured housing is the cornerstone of affordable housing in this country. Nobody argues that. Manufactured housing is in every State in this Union. In my State of Georgia, it accounts for 12 percent of all the af-fordable housing units. In some States, it is even higher than that. I just simply want to clarify why I support the bill. It is because of two things: One, it is because of the devastating Federal regulations that are on it for these hundreds of thousands and mil-lions of customers. What it is doing is making the American people unable to purchase manufactured housing. I think we have to look at that. It is also eroding the home values of existing owners of manufactured hous-ing. Our bill simply moves to correct it by doing three things: we just simply do some technical clarifications to the definition of ‘‘mortgage originator,’’ ‘‘loan originator,’’ and ‘‘high-cost mortgage.’’ Let me just say this. I was an origi-nal sponsor of Dodd-Frank. What we put in there, we made sure that mort-gage protection and Dodd-Frank is pro-tected in here, including anybody steering anybody into any kind of loans with predatory implications. So all that is in there. This is a great debate. There are two sides to it. But when you look at it, it is the millions of Americans who are suffering from the inability to get the mobile homes, the inability to keep them, and all we are doing is simply making these minor adjustments. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. I do want to clarify about the CFPB Direc-tor, and I want the American people to listen to me. In section 1011 of Dodd-Frank, para-graph 5, it states this: the Deputy Di-rector of the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Board shall be appointed by the Director and serve as acting Director in the absence or unavailability of the Director. We wrote this. This is the law. We must abide by it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Financial Institu-tions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1699, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act. As the vice chairman of the Finan-cial Institution Subcommittee and the cosponsor of this legislation, I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Representative B
ARR’s bipartisan bill—and I really appreciate the com-ments from Mr. S
COTT, my colleague from Georgia on this bill—will remove misguided barriers that block access to affordable manufactured homes while preserving consumers’ protections. It is important to keep in mind that the challenge of finding affordable housing is not exclusively an urban problem. Housing affordability is a challenge in many rural areas, includ-ing parts of my district. b1000 Manufactured homes can be a solu-tion to this affordability challenge. They can give many low- to moderate- income families the chance at home-ownership. The fact is, Mr. Speaker, the current regulatory environment is taking com-petition out of this market to the det-riment of consumers. Nationwide, 22 million Americans live in manufactured homes. In my State of Pennsylvania, manufactured homes comprise almost 5 percent of the housing stock. Manufactured homes ac-count for 73 percent of all new homes sold under $125,000, and the average in-come of a manufactured home pur-chaser is less than $40,000 per year. The manufactured housing business also sustains thousands of families. Sixteen thousand workers in Pennsyl-vania are employed in this industry. Unfortunately, the misguided rules from Washington threaten to choke off access to manufactured housing. The Preserving Access to Manufac-tured Housing Act will address these harmful rules that are making manu-factured homes unaffordable for per-spective customers while preserving important consumer protections. It is important to keep in mind that the Truth in Lending Act and State con-sumer protection laws will still apply after enactment of this legislation. Representative BARR’s bill is nar-rowly focused, common sense, and a bi-partisan effort to target a specific challenge facing perspective purchasers of manufactured homes. The bill will preserve access to this affordable op-tion for millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ), a member of the Progressive Caucus who is always on the side of consumers. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the lady for yielding to me and for her continued advocacy for all con-sumers, particularly the low-income consumers who are affected by this leg-islation. I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 1699, a bill that guts consumer protec-tions for buyers of manufactured homes. For years, the manufactured housing industry has preyed on low-income households, pushing them into high-in-terest mortgages. Under this bill, buy-ers of manufactured homes would effec-tively get less protection than any other home buyers. On top of that, the bill would encour-age higher interest rates on loans for manufactured homes, taking a bigger bite out of families’ paychecks. This manufactured housing bill is ac-tually part of a multiprong attack on safeguards implemented by the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau. President Trump has placed OMB Di-rector Mick Mulvaney at the CFPB to destroy it from within, while Repub-licans in Congress are chipping away at consumer protections from the outside. Americans deserve better. I really urge my colleagues to stand up for con-sumers and vote ‘‘no.’’ You know, it is easy to go after those people who live in these trailer parks who are trying to make their way, who are struggling to make ends meet, and this bill adds another layer of problem for them by allowing for higher inter-est rates. It is just wrong. We should be voting ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.013 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9581 December 1, 2017 
from Maine (Mr. P OLIQUIN ), the land of moose, maple syrup, and lobster, a dis-tinguished member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. He forgot pine trees, but that is okay. Mr. Speaker, I am thrilled to stand up and support H.R. 1699, Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, and I salute Congressman A
NDY BARR from Kentucky to bring this forward. Maine, Mr. Speaker, has some of the highest homeownership rates in the country. We love our homes in Maine. I represent the rural part of our State, and in our State, Mr. Speaker, we have times of the year where the weather is pretty tough. If you are building a home that is not manufactured in a warehouse, some-times you literally cannot build that home because of the weather, the snow, and the cold, and what have you. But there is nothing more important, Mr. Speaker, nothing more important than making sure moms and dads across America and across Maine have an op-tion, have as many options as possible to house their kids, to take care of their kids, and make sure they are safe. Manufactured housing, in many parts of the country, is the only afford-able option. Now, H.R. 1699 makes a small, tech-nical change such that folks who want to get into a home and want to take part in the great American Dream of homeownership have the opportunity to get a loan to do this. Government, Mr. Speaker, is sup-posed to help our families, not get in the way. Here is an example of us being able to remove an unnecessary restric-tion that hurts our families and pre-vents them from having an opportunity to get in their first home. We need more options, not less, Mr. Speaker. Let’s help our families and not get in the way. I salute Mr. B
ARR for this great bill. I am fully in support of this. Let’s help our families get into manufactured homes if this is what they want and this is what they can af-ford. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, let me just say that I recognize some of the issues in the way that have been described by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. P
EARCE ), and I think that he is on the right track in how we can deal with giving assistance to those who want to own manufactured housing and assistance to those who want to own more than one manufac-tured house and are looking toward their retirement, and I support that. He has given a new definition to me for balloon payments and how it works in this industry, and I want to work with him to get something done. What I want to do is separate out the fact that these owners of manufactured housing need some protections in law. We don’t want to strip out all these protections for them. They deserve to be treated fairly. If they are going to be charged high interest rates, they de-serve to have the protections that ev-erybody else has. I mean, it is not fair that some of us can buy homes at mar-ket rate, at 4.25 percent or whatever, and they have to pay 18 percent be-cause they are considered a high risk, and they can’t even refinance these homes. I want to show you some of the ad-vertising from Clayton where they talk about ‘‘Repos Available.’’ They have got plenty of them because they repos-sess these homes. And I just want to say that, in addition to this monopoly of Clayton’s, the way that they treat people when they fall behind in their payments, they don’t want to do loan modifications—they don’t do them, really. As a matter of fact, they hire these people off the street, basically, who come and harass these homeowners and treat them extremely bad, and they talk to them about the fact that they want this mortgage, they want this money paid, and they will tell them— we have got documentation where they tell them: Don’t pay your medical bills. You pay, or we are going to come and repossess this. I want to tell you, I have the greatest respect for the least of these. Whether you are in the urban area, whether you are in the rural area, you deserve the respect and support from your govern-ment. And I want you to know, for those who represent these areas, let’s stop being on the side of the people who exploit them, and let’s get on the side of the consumers. In this last election, we heard a lot about the fact that people in small towns and rural areas were upset with their government and felt nobody cared about them. I want them to ask the people who represent them: Whose side are they on? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), a distinguished member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. I want to congratulate my friend, A
NDY BARR, for bringing this bill back to the floor of the House to be on the side of the consumer, to be on the side of affordable choices, to be on the side of truly affordable housing in so many areas where there is no alter-native. Many in the urban areas of our coun-try, the East and West Coast elites who make financial policy, have no under-standing of living out in the country. They don’t realize we don’t have stick- built alternatives in many rural areas of our country. As a former community banker down in Ashley County and Chicot County, Arkansas, the most affordable, best al-ternative for many of our families is a manufactured home, working with a relative for a plot of land. Dodd-Frank has made that unaffordable and un-available. And to that point, I want to say I got a letter from a pal at the Army Na-tional Guard who said: I was turned down on a loan that would be cheaper, larger, and better for my family. It was better than the house, the 60- year-old house, that he was renting. That is why we need this bill, and I thank the chairman for bringing it to the floor today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), another distinguished member of the House Fi-nancial Services Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman. Mr. Speaker, 22 million Americans live in manufactured homes. The ma-jority of these homes are in rural America. In fact, more than 6 out of 10 manufactured homes are located in rural areas. In my home State of Min-nesota, manufactured homes are the State’s largest source of affordable homeownership. Unfortunately, a provision in Dodd- Frank has put homeownership out of reach for these Americans. Specifi-cally, Dodd-Frank and the CFPB modi-fied the criteria and expanded the types of loans from lenders to manufac-tured home buyers, which are consid-ered to be ‘‘high cost.’’ As a direct result, lenders are strug-gling to make these loans because of a high legal risk associated with this ‘‘high cost’’ definition, ultimately harming low-income buyers in Min-nesota. The consumers are being harmed in Minnesota and around the country. This is why Republicans and Demo-crats have come together in support of H.R. 1699, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act, authored by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), our friend, to help millions of Americans become homeowners. This legislation provides clarity and certainty regarding the changes made by Dodd-Frank and the CFPB. H.R. 1699 will ensure that home buyers in rural and low-income areas are able to afford manufactured housing and are not un-fairly targeted by the very agency that was created to protect them. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to achieving the American Dream, gov-ernment should not be standing in the way. As Members of Congress, it is our duty to stand up for and against this continued overreach, support the American Dream, and vote ‘‘yes’’ for H.R. 1699. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), a dis-tinguished member of the Financial Services Committee. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.015 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9582 December 1, 2017 
Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding time. Clearly, Mr. Speaker, the overregula-tion of Dodd-Frank, coupled with un-fettered agencies like the CFPB, have hurt Americans from Wall Street to Main Street. But today, Mr. Speaker, I am not here to talk about Wall Street or Main Street but a little two-lane street in Cassville, Georgia, named ‘‘Mac Johnson.’’ Cassville is a rural community that has a small post office, a little country store, and a lot of hardworking people who call it their home. Many of the people who live in Cassville work at one of the many factories in the local area. While these hardworking Americans are not the upper middle class, they are the backbone of America’s econ-omy. And like 22 million other Ameri-cans, many of them live in a manufac-tured home. Along Mac Johnson, you will find a number of manufactured homes—some on individual lots, some on farmland, and some in quaint, little mobile home parks. As it is across the Nation, almost half of those living in these homes have incomes of less than $30,000 a year, and many are retired or disabled. Histori-cally, manufactured homes have al-lowed families, who couldn’t afford the cost of a traditionally constructed house, the ability to achieve the Amer-ican Dream. However, the CFPB has expanded en-forcement of regulations that were de-signed for mortgage lending on tradi-tional homes to include manufactured home retailers. This has made it much more difficult for consumers to obtain financing for these homes. b1015 Mr. Speaker, this bill reins in Fed-eral regulations just enough to give needed relief to the manufactured housing industry and allow families ac-cess to these affordable homes. I fully support this bipartisan bill, which gained the support of two-thirds of the Financial Services Committee industry, and I commend my colleague from the great State of Kentucky for bringing this bill forward. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. C
ROW-
LEY), the chair of the Democratic Cau-cus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for yielding me this time. This bill before us today, H.R. 1699, as I understand it, would eliminate the safeguards for manufactured homes that were put in place to protect con-sumers through the Dodd-Frank legis-lation, which included the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. The American people are looking at us and asking: What is Congress doing? After everything went down after the 2008 crash, we saw how irresponsible folks on Wall Street were, many within the banking industry, the nonbank banks, and what they were doing. And the answer here is to take away even further protection for the American consumer. The attack on the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau is an attack on everything America stands for. More than 12 billion in ill-gotten gains have been returned to the American tax-payer through the CFPB. The CFPB stands up for them when others have let them down. So, natu-rally, from its inception, the Repub-licans have done everything they pos-sibly could to knee-cap this important agency. Now a Republican White House is attempting to destroy it from the in-side out. The Great Recession brought mil-lions of Americans a foreclosure notice and a pink slip, through no fault of their own. They were victims of a fi-nancial system that didn’t look out for consumers. There weren’t enough ref-erees on the playing field, but they did look out for big banks. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, will Mr. H
ENSARLING yield that time he promised to yield me so I may yield it to Mr. C
ROWLEY ? Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, re-grettably, I don’t have enough time for the ranking member. On this side of the aisle, we are fully subscribed. I have lots of Members who wish to speak in favor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), yet another distinguished member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. I thank my friend, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), for his leadership on this vital issue. Mr. Speaker, in regulation and in life, one size simply does not fit all. A requirement that works for one type of business may not work for another type of business. Right now, the law treats those who make loans on manufactured houses similarly to those who are refinancing mortgages on their homes. The reality is that these are completely different transactions. Buying a $20,000 manufactured home is simply not the same as financing a $200,000 home with a 30-year mortgage. The borrower is in a different position with very different needs. The lender is making a loan that is often secured dif-ferently for a much smaller amount, but with similar paperwork and similar costs. The Federal Government, since Dodd- Frank, has been treating both of these transactions similarly from a regula-tion perspective. It has hurt borrowers trying to buy a piece of their American Dream. In The Wall Street Journal, lenders suggested that they would not make these loans if they continued to suffer under this faulty regulation scenario. One lender says that about one-third of its sales—6,100 homes—would be af-fected. That is 6,100 American families who would lose out on homeownership, on building equity, and on making an investment instead of paying rent. The bill simply says: Look, the per-son making a $20,000 loan on a manu-factured home is not the same as a bank or a mortgage broker originating a 30-year fixed rate mortgage and should not be treated in the same way. It is a commonsense solution, and that is why it has gotten bipartisan back-ing. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California has 30 sec-onds remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the de-bate on this bill, and I think everyone can easily recognize that we, on this side of the aisle, are trying to protect our most vulnerable consumers. People who live in manufactured housing and mobile homes in trailer parks need to be respected and given the same pro-tections as anybody else with a mort-gage. I would say to those who are here supporting a bill that would allow in-terest rates on these mobile homes and on this manufactured housing to in-crease with no protections are putting their constituents at risk. Mr. Speaker, I ask for a big ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ), a mem-ber of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017, legislation of which I am proud to be an original co-sponsor. In west Tennessee, where I am from, and in other rural areas across the country, there is no doubt that manu-factured housing is a critical and af-fordable option for many families. In fact, more than 8
1⁄2million families— that is roughly 22 million Americans— have chosen this option because of the affordability and the value. Where I am from, one out of ten west Tennesseans has chosen manufactured housing as the best option to make their home. For this reason, our legislation is es-sential to protecting consumer choices and financing options for those seeking to buy a manufactured home, while also leaving in place important con-sumer protections. In fact, close to 60 percent of new manufactured homes sell for less than $70,000, and are usually available at lower monthly payments than what it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.017 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9583 December 1, 2017 
costs to rent. Manufactured homes are offered as a fixed rate, fixed term op-tion. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this commonsense, bipartisan legisla-tion, which will allow many Americans seeking the American Dream of owning a home to continue to have access to affordable manufactured housing. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. N
ORMAN ), a member of the Small Busi-ness Committee. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in full support of H.R. 1699. I spent 40 years of my career developing land and actually buying manufactured housing, which makes it possible for families who cannot afford a stick- built home, in many cases, to be able to buy a manufactured house. I have seen firsthand the critical role that manufactured housing plays in the de-velopment of local communities and the ability for a family to buy their first home. As we have seen far too often, regu-latory overreach by the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau has impeded and stopped, in many cases, the ability for consumers to receive financing for manufactured housing, and has placed unnecessary requirements on retailers. This legislation addresses this over-reach by making commonsense reforms to increase the availability and financ-ing for manufactured housing, while maintaining important protections for consumers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 2
1⁄4minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Speaker, what we have heard this morning, unfortunately, is an assault on affordable housing from too many people on the other side of the aisle. We have Washington elites who are de-ciding that low-income people are too stupid to make decisions for them-selves. We have too many people on the other side of the aisle, Mr. Speaker, who want to take them out of their af-fordable homes—manufactured homes—and are saying: No, go rent, go find someplace on the street. Here is the reality: when Washington elites at the Orwellian named Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau de-cided to make these manufactured housing loans ‘‘high cost,’’ we saw a 22 percent drop in these type of loans being made. But what we know is that this is vital for so many working Americans. I heard from one consumer in Wind-sor, New York: 
I was falling behind on my own site-built mortgage payments. I was drowning in debt. I needed a cheaper housing alternative that would meet the needs of my family. The manufactured home payment cut my overall housing expense by 57 percent. Mr. Speaker, that is just one exam-ple. I have story after story from con-sumers who this is their only option for affordable housing. But too many of my friends on the other side of the aisle say: No, no, we can’t allow you to do that. You might pay a little higher interest rate. Well, here is a news flash, Mr. Speak-er: their monthly payment is lower and they get to own their own home. Washington elites have tried price controls before. They have been tried since the dawn of man, and it always leads to shortages. We don’t want to shortchange work-ing Americans for affordable housing. We want to protect the vulnerable in society and we want to allow them to have affordable housing. That is why it is so important that today we pass H.R. 1699. Protect affordable housing, pro-tect freedom, and let’s vote this in today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, thank you to Chairman H
ENSARLING and Congressman B
ARR for working with me to make housing more affordable for Arizona families. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1699, the Preserving Access to Manufactured Hous-ing Act. Manufactured housing is an important form of affordable housing in Arizona, particu-larly for rural and underserved communities. More than 300,000 families in Arizona live in manufactured homes. Low- and moderate-in-come families count on manufactured homes as an affordable choice. Just last week, we had the honor of working with Habitat for Humanity to help Ed, a Viet-nam veteran living in Tempe, spread gravel and improve his front yard. Ed first moved to the Valley in 1950 and bought a manufactured home a few years ago. If Ed wanted to use his VA eligibility to pur-chase a home, the realtor would be able to connect Ed with a number of lenders who offer VA home loans. However, if Ed wanted to purchase a manufactured home, he would be instructed to go to a table by himself and sift through the countless brochures and loan programs to decide which lender is best. This is a daunting and discouraging process for most borrowers, especially for first-time home-buyers. Current regulations harm existing manufac-tured homeowners and potential buyers by curtailing consumer access to manufactured home loans or assistance in the home-buying process. These regulations unintentionally make it more difficult to match borrowers with lenders who can help them in a timely and ef-ficient manner. H.R. 1699 is a commonsense fix for Ed and the hundreds of thousands of Arizonans who own or are looking to own manufactured homes. The bill ensures that regulations give homebuyers more options, better advice, and greater confidence when buying a new home. The bill also amends the definition of a high cost mortgage and corresponding thresholds to ensure that consumers of small-balance mortgage loans will have the opportunity to access mortgage credit. It was a privilege to meet Ed and thank him for his service to our country. We should make it easier, not harder, for veterans and fellow Arizonans like him to purchase a home of their choice. I urge members of both parties to join me in supporting H.R. 1699. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 635, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recom-mit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. In its current form, I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recom-mit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Ms. Maxine Waters of California moves to recommit the bill H.R. 1699 to the Com-mittee on Financial Services with instruc-tions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Add at the end the following: 
SEC. 4. PROTECTING CONSUMERS FROM EXCES-SIVE HOUSING COSTS AND PREDA-TORY LENDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No lender or other person may make use of the amendments made by this Act if the lender or person has either been— (1) found to have committed or engaged in an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or prac-tice under Federal law in connection with any transaction with a consumer for a con-sumer financial product or service; or (2) convicted of fraud under Federal or State law in connection with a residential mortgage loan or the extension of any loan in connection with a manufactured or mod-ular home. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘‘State’’ and ‘‘consumer fi-nancial product or service’’ have the mean-ing given those terms, respectively, under section 1002 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the read-ing be dispensed with. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from California? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, my amendment is simple. It would prevent bad actors from being able to use the exemptions in the un-derlying bill and evade the consumer protections in the Truth in Lending Act. If a lender has committed or engaged in an unfair, deceptive, or abusive act or practice under Federal law in con-nection with any transaction with a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.019 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9584 December 1, 2017 
consumer for a consumer financial product or service; or if they have been convicted of fraud under Federal or State law in connection with a residen-tial mortgage loan or the extension of any loan in connection with a manu-factured or modular home, they cannot avail themselves of the bill’s decreased scrutiny. As I have already mentioned, Clayton Homes has nearly a monopolistic grip on manufactured housing lending. In 2010, Vanderbilt Mortgage—Clayton’s lending arm—paid a $2.8 million settle-ment to home buyers in North Caro-lina, after the State attorney general and commissioner of banks accused them of fraud for utilizing inaccurate information to obtain loans for con-sumers and for inflating the prices of manufactured homes. b1030 This is the type of abuse that my amendment seeks to address. Making sure that lenders who have engaged in abusive practices abide by the rules set forth in Dodd-Frank and carried out by the Consumer Bureau is especially im-portant now that the Trump adminis-tration is attempting to undermine the independence of the agency. After the illegal move to install Mick Mulvaney as acting Director and then his quick move to freeze all the hiring, the supervision, and new regulations at the Consumer Bureau, it is clear that abusive financial institutions that sim-ply rip off consumers will have free rein to continue harming them. That includes not only conglomerates like Clayton Homes, but repeat offenders, such as Wells Fargo, an institution that has illegally modified mortgages, charged fraudulent mortgage rates, and steered borrowers into predatory mort-gage loans. American families deserve better. At an absolute minimum, a lender who has already proven that they can-not be trusted to originate responsible loans should not be awarded with di-minished standards, particularly in an industry like manufactured housing, which is typically the only affordable option for many financially vulnerable consumers. Mr. Speaker, time and time again, my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle talk about how they are for Main Street America and for the rural communities that Democrats have for-gotten. So why is it that they want to allow bad actors to prey upon rural families? According to the Housing Assistance Council, while manufactured housing only makes up 6 percent of all housing nationally, it makes up 14 to 15 percent in rural and small town communities. We need to be doing more to help rural families, not making it easier for bad actors to just rip them off. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of my amendment, and I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, this is a vaguely worded and unneeded MTR. We continue to hear from our friends from the other side of the aisle that we don’t have sufficient consumer protec-tions in place, but I wonder how deny-ing a low-income family access to cred-it to buy an affordable home is some-how construed as consumer protection. I wonder how denying a low-income family the ability to own a home at a lower cost with a lower monthly pay-ment somehow can be construed as consumer protection. I wonder how a policy that has led to a 22 percent drop in the availability of manufactured housing credit can somehow be con-strued as consumer protection. Only in Washington could you have such an absurd result, but I have good news for all Members of the House. After the passage of H.R. 1699, guess what. Manufactured housing loans will still be subject to the Equal Credit Op-portunity Act. They will still be sub-ject to the Fair Housing Act. They will still be subject to the Fair Credit Re-porting Act. They will still be subject to the Truth in Lending Act. They will still be subject to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act. They will still be sub-ject to the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act. And the list, Mr. Speaker, goes on and on and on. What we have heard is an attempt again by Washington elites to take away affordable housing. No one who votes against H.R. 1699 ought to be able to look themselves in the mirror and claim they are an advocate for afford-able housing, not when they take it away, not when we have seen a 22 per-cent decrease after the actions of the elites at the so-called Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau. It shouldn’t be done. It is time to reject this motion to re-commit. It is time to stand for low- and moderate-income Americans. It is time to stand for affordable housing. It is time for us to vote for H.R. 1699. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 193, nays 227, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 650] YEAS—193 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.021 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9585 December 1, 2017 
Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—13 
Bridenstine Conyers Flores Kennedy Labrador MacArthur Marchant Pocan Posey Quigley Renacci Taylor Webster (FL) 
b1059 Messrs. FASO, CALVERT, GOOD-LATTE, KATKO, WITTMAN, and COOK changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. CASTRO of Texas, CICILLINE, M
CEACHIN, KILMER, SCHNEIDER, DOGGETT, Mrs. LAW-RENCE, Messrs. ELLISON, SAR-BANES, and GONZALEZ of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Speaker, I intended to vote ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 650. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 256, noes 163, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 651] AYES—256 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—163 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bridenstine Conyers Flores Frankel (FL) Kennedy Labrador MacArthur Marchant Pocan Posey Quigley Renacci Taylor Webster (FL) 
b1110 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I must leave for a funeral. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 651. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I missed Friday’s votes to be in Florida with my wife while she had surgery. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 650 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 651. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.004 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9586 December 1, 2017 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 209, nays 169, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 53, as follows: 
[Roll No. 652] YEAS—209 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clay Cleaver Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cooper Courtney Culberson Cummings Curtis Davidson Davis, Danny DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent Deutch Doggett Donovan Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Foster Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gianforte Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palmer Panetta Perlmutter Polis Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Thornberry Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Walden Walker Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) 
NAYS—169 
Adams Aguilar Amash Babin Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) Buck Budd Burgess Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Castor (FL) Cheney Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (GA) Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Costello (PA) Crist Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier Dingell Duffy Espaillat Esty (CT) Faso Fitzpatrick Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Gomez Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hastings Herrera Beutler Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jordan Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kilmer Kinzinger Knight LaHood Lance Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moore Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Palazzo Pallone Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peters Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rokita Ros-Lehtinen Rouzer Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smucker Soto Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—2 
Rice (SC) Tonko 
NOT VOTING—53 
Biggs Blackburn Bridenstine Butterfield Conyers Cramer Crawford Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Doyle, Michael F. Flores Fortenberry Frankel (FL) Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Jones Joyce (OH) Katko Keating Kennedy Kind Labrador Lynch MacArthur Marchant Pascrell Pelosi Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Posey Quigley Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Ross Scott, Austin Sires Takano Taylor Tiberi Wagner Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wilson (FL) 
b1118 So the Journal was approved. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, due to my at-tendance of a close friend’s funeral, I will miss the following votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 650, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 651, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 652. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. RENACCI. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 650, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 651, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 652. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, DE-CEMBER 1, 2017, TO MONDAY, DE-CEMBER 4, 2017 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that when the House ad-journs today, it adjourn to meet at 6 p.m. on Monday next. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Michigan? There was no objection. f 
RECOGNIZING PERKASIE’S 108TH COMMUNITY CHRISTMAS TREE LIGHTING (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, this Saturday evening, Santa Claus will arrive in the Borough of Perkasie atop a borough electric truck to light the town’s Christmas tree and, in doing so, continue a tradition over 100 years old. Since 1909, residents of this small borough in upper Bucks County have gathered together to participate in the community tree lighting ceremony rec-ognized as the oldest tree lighting in the Nation. While a lot has changed over the generations, community lead-ers, elected officials, and local resi-dents have kept this annual event’s unique, small-town charm and en-shrined it as a timeless Christmas rit-ual. Now in its 108th year, this official start to the holiday season continues to serve not only as a source of pride for the people of Perkasie, but also an example of what makes the commu-nities across my district special and an honor to represent. I am proud to recognize Perkasie’s 108th community Christmas tree light-ing and join in the celebration of this enduring holiday tradition. 
f 
THE GOP TAX PLAN (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, the GOP tax plan is more than a bad deal for most working class and middle class Americans. It is a tax scam. Many families that will be hit the hardest by this tax plan are New York-ers. It will cost New Yorkers a total of $17 billion, and they are my constitu-ents. Repealing the State and local tax deduction, also known as SALT, is an assault on my constituents. My district will have the highest tax increases in the Nation without SALT. Mr. Speaker, repealing SALT means that 760,000 New Yorkers residing across the State will have their taxes increased. This is a bad deal for them and all Americans. This will mean an average of almost $5,000 for middle class fami-lies. Investing in education, fire-fighters, police services, and many other essential services keep our cities running. They are not an option. City services are not a luxury, and we should not be punishing taxpayers who pay for them. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this tax scam and negotiate a better deal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.027 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9587 December 1, 2017 
WATER IS LIFE (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, when the sun barely peeks over the sky, mil-lions of women and children across the developing world wake up and make their daily, dangerous walk in search of the necessity of life: water. They walk for miles in water-scarce regions to a well or polluted river for water. During these long walks, they are often put at risk of sexual abuse and assault. Also, bad guys control the wells and abuse women in return for the sometimes polluted water. The time-consuming search for water results in rape, pregnancy, child kid-napping, and high educational dropout rates. Access to water, sanitation, and hygiene prevents disease. It also im-proves the safety and security of women and children across the entire world. It is encouraging to see our Nation and Congress recognizing water as the global security crisis that it is and the need to build capacity to clean water. With our God-given resources, we have it within our power and our duty to help others access clean water—the key to life. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
WORLD AIDS DAY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, today is the 29th World AIDS Day. Let us com-memorate those who lost their lives and commit to reducing the 37,000 new HIV infections that occur each year in the United States. In my hometown of Newark, New Jersey, new HIV cases have been rising among young people under the age of 25. According to experts, the rise in new HIV/AIDS cases among young peo-ple in Newark is linked to the opioid crisis. Mr. Speaker, there has been a lot of discussion lately about the opioid cri-sis, but we forget that it is linked to so many other issues—mental health ac-cess, poverty, communicable disease, joblessness, and the list goes on. Congress can help end the opioid cri-sis and the HIV/AIDS crisis here in the United States soon. But to do that, we must increase funding for healthcare access, mental health treatment, anti-poverty programs, disease control, edu-cation, and access to HIV PrEP medi-cation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MICHAEL M
CDERMOTT of HOMER, NEW YORK (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Michael McDermott of Homer, New York. Mike is a veteran of the United States Navy, having served from 1964 through 1967, including 13 months of service in Viet-nam. When Mike returned home from the Navy and Vietnam, he became ac-tive in the Homer community serving as a village trustee for 6 years and mayor for 6 years. Mike’s true passion has been as an advocate for his fellow veterans through his service at the American Legion Post 465 in Homer where he has been a member for over 34 years. Dur-ing his time with Post 465, Mike has served in many roles, including com-mander for 13 years. He also served as commander of the Cortland County American Legion. Mike is also involved in State and national leadership for The American Legion. He serves on the National Se-curity Council for The American Le-gion and with the National and New York American Legion Press Associa-tions. Most importantly, Mike continu-ously gives back to Cortland County’s and Homer’s veterans, hosting a vet-erans service fair and supporting vet-erans’ causes throughout the village and county each and every year. We are grateful to compassionate citizens like Michael McDermott throughout our communities, and we are grateful for their service and dedi-cation to our Nation’s veterans. Thank you to Michael McDermott from a giv-ing and warm community. We appre-ciate his service. f 
WORLD AIDS DAY (Ms. LEE asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate World AIDS Day. The theme this year is Increasing Impact Through Transparency, Account-ability, and Partnerships. First, I would like to thank Leader P
ELOSI for her steadfast commitment to fighting HIV and AIDS and for guar-anteeing strong United States leader-ship in this area. As the cofounder and co-chair of the bipartisan Congressional HIV/AIDS Caucus with my good friend, Congress-woman I
LEANA ROS-LEHTINEN , we have seen significant progress that we have made in the global fight against HIV. Year after year, Congress has come together in a bipartisan way to stop the spread of this disease. From PEPFAR and the Global Fund to fight AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria— which I was very proud to help write— to the Ryan White CARE Act and the Minority AIDS Initiative, the United States has been a global leader in com-mitting the critical resources needed to end this disease both here at home and abroad. Partly due to our efforts, over 20 mil-lion people around the world have ac-cess to lifesaving antiretroviral treat-ment. Twenty million people getting lifesaving medicine is more than the population of the State of New York. So in memory of those who died much too soon, let’s recommit ourselves to ending AIDS by 2030 and realizing an AIDS-free generation. f 
70TH ANNIVERSARY OF NATIONAL URBAN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY LABORATORY (Mr. DONOVAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the 70th anniver-sary of the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory, also known as NUSTL. Located in New York City, NUSTL has been a critical asset in protecting our homeland since 1947. It began as a lab to measure radioactive fallout. Now as part of the Department of Homeland Security’s Science and Technology Di-rectorate, it has been transformed into a one-of-a-kind testing and evaluation laboratory for the first responder com-munity. I have had the opportunity to visit NUSTL and saw firsthand the impres-sive work being done on a daily basis. It is constantly developing and testing new tools that ensure the brave women and men on our front lines can protect our homeland, and it is critical they have the resources needed to continue their innovative work. I thank the dedicated women and men of NUSTL for their services. Con-gratulations on this important anni-versary. I look forward to continuing to celebrate your remarkable accom-plishments for years to come. 
f 
OPPOSE SENATE TAX BILL (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out against the Sen-ate’s version of the tax reform bill be-cause this bill will hurt the central coast in California. By fully repealing the State and local tax deduction, 177,000 households in my district that deduct an average of $23,000 each year will be hurt. By repealing the student loan inter-est deduction, low- and middle-income students in my district will find college further out of reach and will be hurt. By allowing individual tax cuts to ex-pire on people earning less than $75,000, over 140,000 households in my district will see their taxes go up and they will be hurt. Now, with confirmation that the tax cuts will not pay for themselves but will add over $1 trillion to our debt, this tax reform bill will be a tax burden bill not only for my constituents in my district, but for all of our constituents in our Nation. Worse, this bill will hurt 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.029 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9588 December 1, 2017 
not only my two daughters, but all of our sons and daughters. That is why I oppose the Senate bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
NO FEDERAL DOLLARS FOR SANCTUARY CITIES (Mr. CULBERSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, over a year ago, Kate Steinle, a young woman in San Francisco, was murdered by a criminal illegal alien and died in the arms of her father. At that time, as chairman of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies Subcommittee on Ap-propriations, I swore that I would do whatever it would take to cut off every dollar of Federal money to every sanc-tuary city in America. I persuaded the previous Attorney General to put that policy in place. Thankfully, with President Trump’s election and the appointment of our new Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, they moved aggressively to enforce ex-isting laws, secure our border, and re-store respect for the rule of law in this great Nation. It is appalling and outrageous that a jury in San Francisco acquitted the killer who murdered Kate Steinle. This should renew our zeal as the Represent-atives of the people of this country to restore respect for the rule of law by cutting off every dollar of Federal money to every sanctuary city in American and to do whatever it takes to protect our citizens from criminal aliens who enter this country illegally and then commit crimes against the people of this great Nation. What happened in San Francisco is an outrage, and I will not rest until we cut off every dollar to every sanctuary city in the United States of America. 
f 
TAX SCAM (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, the Re-publican tax scam picks clear winners and losers, yet our colleagues are rush-ing it through Congress faster than President Trump can retweet British racists. Let’s be clear: the winners in this tax scam are the country’s wealthiest, in-cluding Donald Trump, his family, and his billionaire cronies in his Cabinet. Meanwhile, students, middle class fam-ilies, homeowners, and seniors across this country are the losers. They are left holding the bag. Californians get an especially raw deal because my Republican colleagues want to impose an unfair double tax on the State and local taxes that we pay. There is more bad news for Califor-nians. Homeowners will be hit by a new cap on mortgage interest deductions, students will have to start paying taxes on student loan interest, grad-uate students will lose tax-free tuition waivers, and biotech companies who focus on ultra rare diseases will see their tax credit disappear. The Republican tax bill is unbeliev-ably bad and historically unpopular, for good reason, but it is not too late for my Republican colleagues to stop it. f 
REMEMBERING ROSA PARKS (Mrs. LAWRENCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Rosa Parks, who, 62 years ago today, changed the face of the United States. On December 1, 1955, Rosa Parks re-fused a bus driver’s orders to give up her seat on a segregated bus in Mont-gomery, Alabama. This simple act led to a bus boycott that helped to ener-gize the civil rights movement. Reflecting on that day, Rosa Parks once said: ‘‘The only tired I was, was tired of giving in.’’ She didn’t give up. She didn’t give in. Rosa Parks reminds us that we all must never, never give in when faced with injustice. Her brave actions have inspired all of us. Each and every one of us have an opportunity to stand up, sit down, or kneel for what is right. It is because of civil rights cham-pions like Rosa Parks that future gen-erations can grow up in a nation that is free and fair for all. 
f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN BAD TAX POLICY (Mr. DEUTCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the Re-publican tax plan that provides mas-sive, permanent tax cuts to the largest corporations and tax increases for mil-lions of middle class Americans is bad tax policy. Let’s be honest about what it does. This $1.5 trillion tax cut will trigger cuts to domestic programs in the amount of $150 billion every year, in-cluding $25 billion in cuts to Medicare, with 55 million Americans who rely on it being put at risk if this bill becomes law. Mr. Speaker, it is bad enough that this tax policy favors the largest cor-porations over middle class Americans, but to effect these kinds of massive cuts by tricking the American people in order to try to do it is shameful. We have to defeat this bill, prevent these massive cuts, and protect the 55 million Americans on Medicare from a $25 billion cut. 
f 
SALT DEDUCTION (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Speaker, I want to quote from one of my col-leagues from California: ‘‘Eliminating the State and local tax deduction would assure that almost all of the bill’s tax cuts would be distributed to other States, leaving California with the bill.’’ That was from my Republican col-league, DARRELL ISSA. Mr. Speaker, he was right on this. The Republican tax plan is cruel in so many ways. But perhaps the worst pro-vision specifically targets States like California, New York, and New Jersey. Our States have stepped into the breach left by the Federal Government. We have raised taxes to pay for infra-structure. We have raised taxes to pay for hospitals. We have raised taxes to pay for schools. Now the Republicans want to punish us? Mr. Speaker, this is a political game, plain and simple. Californians are smart enough to see through it. 
f 
FACING A CRISIS IN OUR COUNTRY (Mr. COHEN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today, in Federal district court in Washington, Michael Flynn pled guilty to lying to the FBI, a felony. It is a strong indica-tion that he is cooperating with the Mueller investigation concerning Rus-sia and its involvement with President Trump and his team and the election of the President of the United States. We are facing a crisis in our country with our Constitution, our form of gov-ernment, and the rule of law. I have filed a bill to amend the Constitution to not allow pardons of people from any President’s campaign team or fam-ily. I am also the sponsor of a bill that says you can’t fire a special counsel without cause. The special counsel would have the right to seek redress in court. We must be ready to protect Bob Mueller and the integrity of the rule of law in this country, for I foresee this President firing him, as Nixon did in the Saturday Night Massacre. We are repeating the horrors of Wa-tergate and the shredding of our Con-stitution, common sense, and decency. 
f 
ISSUES OF THE WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ERGUSON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, as folks head back to their districts—and I will be doing so shortly—it is important to take a look at some things that have been rather important here in our country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.031 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9589 December 1, 2017 
The Department of Justice does need an investigation into the matters that have been raised and clearly were not handled properly regarding the Russian Uranium One program and the sale of a significant percentage of United States uranium, ultimately, to Russia. There appears to be collusion, for sure. It is still staggering to think that the person who accepted the role as special prosecutor, Robert Mueller, would accept that, knowing that he and the person that selected him as special prosecutor, Mr. Rosenstein, were involved in the Russian investiga-tion that went on for a number of years and involved a person working under-cover and clearly established for Direc-tor Mueller, as head of the FBI, and for Mr. Rosenstein, the U.S. Attorney, that Russia was trying to corner the market by acquiring American ura-nium. Yet, while you had a man like Jeff Sessions trying to go out of his way to ensure that nobody could say he acted inappropriately—I think it was done prematurely, but he recused himself— not wanting to be a burden to the President. As much as Attorney General Jeff Sessions was trying to be fair and avoid even the appearance of questions about him handling the Russian inves-tigation, you had Robert Mueller and the Deputy Attorney General acting— or appeared to be—even more inappro-priately than Jeff Sessions was acting, beyond the pale of honor, as they are two people involved in the investiga-tion of Russia acquiring American ura-nium, even though it wasn’t just Hil-lary Clinton that signed off on it. It was also Eric Holder and some others. b1145 All that needed to be investigated, but not by the people who covered up the prior Russia investigation and saw to the sealing of many of the docu-ments involving that investigation. In fact, Mr. Rosenstein’s name was actu-ally on the motion to seal matters in-volved in that investigation. It seemed pretty clear that if you are going to go to the trouble of sealing an investigation like that, and the ex-traordinary measure of getting the per-son who is acting undercover, force him, threaten him, get him to sign a nondisclosure agreement under threat, seems to me that wasn’t an arm’s- length transaction. That was done under coercion by the most powerful law enforcement people in the country at the time, threatening to bring down the full weight of the United States Government on the man who was work-ing for them, helping them find the evi-dence that showed how Russia was act-ing so inappropriately and illegally trying to get hold of our uranium. Just when you think, ‘‘Well, just can’t be much more in the way of sur-prises,’’ The Daily Caller’s Richard Pollock has a story on November 30: ‘‘DOD Inspector General Opens Probe Into Alleged Retaliation by Obama Holdover.’’ It says: ‘‘The Pentagon’s Inspector General has launched a preliminary in-vestigation into charges that James H. Baker, the Director of the Defense De-partment’s Office of Net Assessment, ONA, is retaliating against a whistle-blower who warned of ‘rigged’ con-tracts to outside consultants, The Daily Caller News Foundation has con-firmed. ‘‘The DCNF verified through two independent sources that the Acting IG, Glenn A. Fine, initiated a formal ‘Whistleblower Reprisal Investigation’ September 28 to look into allegations that Baker unleashed various reprisals against Adam Lovinger, a senior ONA official. Lovinger warned about poten-tial sweetheart deals to politically con-nected outside contractors, including one with a woman Chelsea Clinton has referred to as her ‘best friend.’ ‘‘The IG is investigating Baker’s ac-tions under Presidential Policy Direc-tive-19, an October 2012 directive de-signed to protect members of the intel-ligence community who report waste, fraud, and abuse. The directive point-edly states that it ‘prohibits retalia-tion against employees for reporting waste, fraud, and abuse.’ ‘‘Baker is an Obama holdover ap-pointed by Secretary Ashton Carter in May 2015, who remains the ONA Direc-tor 11 months into the Trump adminis-tration.’’ I might insert here: This has got to be so frustrating to the President of the United States as the Senate Demo-crats continue to hold up efforts to get nominations confirmed so that he can start implementing the policies that he was elected to carry out. They are thwarting him by continuing to have Obama holdovers, even though that term apparently, we are told, offends our National Security Advisor McMaster—a guy who apparently can’t stand the President and is thwarting his efforts at every turn he can. But the guy is an Obama holdover. He should not be making calls, yet he is staying around, according to this in-formation, to carry out vendettas against someone who was a whistle-blower complaining of sweetheart deals to people, including Ms. Clinton’s best friend. Richard Pollock from The Daily Call-er goes on to say: ‘‘Lovinger specifi-cally protested $11.2 million in ONA contracts awarded over a decade to the Long Term Strategic Group, a com-pany owned by Jacqueline Newmyer, a childhood friend of Chelsea Clinton. Clinton and Newmyer first met each other while attending Sidwell Friends School, an exclusive private Quaker school in the Nation’s Capital. They were in each others’ weddings, and, in 2011, Chelsea referred to Newmyer as her best friend. ‘‘Lovinger’s attorney, Sean M. Bigley, accuses Baker of continuing the . . . contract’’—with Chelsea Clin-ton’s friend—‘‘in the hopes it could help him in a Clinton Presidency. ‘‘‘We submit that Baker’s interest was his awareness of the LTSG-Clinton connection; his presumptive desire to exploit that to his advantage in the event of a Clinton election win; and the fact that contractors like LTSG served as a lucrative landing pad for ONA re-tirees,’ Bigley charged in a September 13 letter to Rear Admiral Kevin Sweeney, chief of staff for Defense Sec-retary James Mattis. ‘‘The IG’s decision to launch a pre-liminary investigation occurred as former high-profile national security officials are beginning to publicly weigh in about Baker’s allegedly retal-iatory actions. ‘‘Richard Perle, Ronald Reagan’s former Assistant Secretary of Defense, told the DCNF of Lovinger, ‘He has been treated so badly. It’s a disgrace.’’’ He is talking about the whistleblower who pointed out this unseemly rela-tionship and unfair awarding of con-tracts to the Clinton friend. Richard Pollock from The Daily Call-er goes on to say: ‘‘Perle called Baker ‘a shallow and manipulative character that should have gone with the change in administration.’’’ Baker being the Obama holdover. In any event, it is just incredible when you think there surely can’t be any more shoes to drop about impropri-eties from the last administration. They just keep coming. But as a former prosecutor, former judge, former chief justice, what oc-curred in a decision by the jury in the Kate Steinle homicide is really ex-traordinary. You know, when I was handling cases as a felony judge, I know sometimes juries surprised me. But in this case, for a jury to find that he wasn’t—this person, this illegal alien who had been deported five times and who should have been deported the sixth, except San Francisco was pro-tecting him, to the detriment of its residents, the jury comes back and says he wasn’t even negligent in firing the gun that killed Kate Steinle. I mean, that is just staggering beyond words. But when a verdict is seen that just goes against what the evidence shows clearly, I mean, it could have easily found that, yes, they don’t find him to be credible; but, of course, you had the judge—number one, you had the judge protecting him, going way beyond what would seem normal to many judges in order to protect this guy. His story was apparently that—well, actually he had several stories. So any-time a jury is presented with several different stories about how something happened coming from the same indi-vidual who is on trial, normally, is my experience in noticing, that if a jury finds that you lied to them about one thing, they seem to find it easier to find you guilty of what you are charged with. That often happens. Even sometimes when I might have been surprised that they could find someone guilty of the more serious charge, when there is a lesser included, like there was in this case—but it went back to where the jury felt like he had 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.033 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9590 December 1, 2017 
lied to us on this, so he is probably guilty of the crime. I mean, I am just talking from a practicality standpoint the way sometimes jurors look at things. But in this case, it didn’t bother the judge. And from what the jury was al-lowed to hear, that the judge didn’t ob-struct, it should have been clear this was not an honest individual and that there is likely a very good chance he would lie to avoid a murder conviction, and that is why the different stories about how he came to shoot Kate Steinle as she walked along arm-in- arm with her father. Just incredible. This story from John Diaz of the San Francisco Chronicle says: ‘‘As they awaited the verdict in the trial of Kate Steinle’s accused killer, her parents and brother had one overriding wish. It had nothing to do with the severity of the defendant’s conviction. ‘‘Above all, they wanted it to mark the end of a public profile they neither sought nor enjoyed. Each media inter-view, each exploitation of Kate’s name for political gain, each still shot of her smile on television only amplified the anguish of their loss. Yet they also wanted to convey their appreciation for the many strangers who, having heard their story, offered solace and as-sistance. ‘‘‘We just want to get this over with and move on with our lives and think about Kate on our terms. Nothing’s been on our terms. It’s been on every-one else’s terms,’ said Jim Steinle, who was strolling with his 32-year-old daughter on a crowded San Francisco pier when she was shot and killed July 1, 2015. He, his wife, Liz Sullivan, and their son, Brad Steinle, sat down with the Chronicle recently at their long-time East Bay home for an exclusive interview they planned to be their last. ‘‘‘We have never had a second of anger—not a moment,’ Jim said. ‘Frus-tration, maybe, and sadness for sure, but no anger and no retaliation or vin-dictiveness or anything like that. We’re not that kind of people. Even if this guy gets 100 years in prison, it doesn’t solve anything; it doesn’t help anything. We would just like people to know . . . that’s the Steinles’ feelings.’ ‘‘They had decided not to attend court to hear the jury’s decision. ‘‘On Thursday, the verdict arrived: Jose Ines Garcia Zarate was acquitted of all murder and manslaughter charges. He was convicted merely of being a felon in possession of a firearm. ‘‘‘We’re just shocked—saddened and shocked . . . that’s about it,’ Jim said. ‘There’s no other way you can coin it. Justice was rendered, but it was not served.’ ‘‘Brad said he was ‘not surprised,’ considering the ‘epic failure’ that led Garcia Zarate to be released on the streets and end up with a loaded hand-gun on the pier that day.’’ b1200 ‘‘I’m stunned that they couldn’t even get him on using the weapon,’’ Brad said. It really is staggering. The jury could not find him guilty of even a negligent- type homicide. Okay, you could have reasonable doubt, apparently. I don’t think most people would. But, in San Francisco, all they hear about from the media and elected officials is how the illegal aliens are the victims and not so much someone like Kate Steinle as a true victim. That sets a jury up to make an inappropriate finding. The Washington Examiner reports today, Anna Giaritelli: ‘‘Thousands of Twitter users on Fri-day were urging people to #boycottsanfrancisco after a jury there decided Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, a five- time deported Mexican man charged with shooting and killing Kate Steinle, was not guilty. ‘‘The Boycott San Francisco hashtag began trending on Twitter Friday morning as people vowed not to travel there or buy goods or services produced in the city.’’ Mr. Speaker, I don’t normally advo-cate any type of boycott, and I really don’t here. My thought is that people need to consider their own safety. When they are in dangerous places in the world, our State Department will issue a travel warning to Americans: Be careful. Try to avoid this area. It is not safe. It is dangerous. And I think that the Nation should have gotten a picture that in San Fran-cisco they are far more concerned about making sure that illegal alien felons have a place for a hangout—a hideout. The Hole-in-the-Wall Gang would have been, apparently, very wel-come there if they had only been ille-gal aliens, instead of simple outlaws. It is as if they want a monument in the Bay with a sign reading: Give us your outlaws, so long as they come in illegally. I have an article, also in the Wash-ington Examiner by Anna Giaritelli. The headline is: ‘‘Trump: Kate Steinle verdict more reason to ‘Build the Wall!’’’ The President is exactly right; he is exactly right. I go back to the case of the gen-tleman who was, obviously, in the country illegally. I recall he had had nine DWIs. On a third DWI in Texas, it can be raised up to a felony. That is how he ended up in my court, but not on the third DWI. He had had many DWIs. It was not brought to the DA’s attention, because we had a terrific DA, but it just wasn’t brought to his attention that this guy already had so many DWIs. The immigration authorities hadn’t done anything, until, finally, he was driving drunk, hit another car, and did serious injury to people in the car. They were very loving, caring people. But he was clearly an alcoholic. So I sent him to prison, considering the safety of people in Texas. This guy was out there driving drunk that many times. It was a wonder he hadn’t killed somebody. He certainly would kill somebody if he was not stopped. And, since he had not been deported, I felt, considering the need for deterrence, for punishment, for public safety, all that dictated that I needed to send him to prison; so I did. I was shocked that, within about 6 months, he was in my court again. I recognized him, and I asked him what he was doing back in my court. He said that he was charged with another DWI as a felony. I said: But I ordered him to prison. How does he end up, just in a matter of a few months, being back in my court for another felony? And he explained that, about 3 months after I sent him to prison, he was picked up by the immigration au-thorities at the prison, taken to the border, ordered to walk across the bor-der, and he did. And he said that he waited until they drove away, and then he walked back across the border and ended up back in Smith County, Texas. So, on that occasion, I thought: Man, they are going to only deport the man if I send him to prison. And we don’t have a wall. President Clinton cer-tainly was not enforcing the border sufficiently during those years, so I thought: I still have to protect people here; so I will send him to a lockdown felony substance abuse facility where he is in a lockdown, he can’t go any-where, a confined place, with others who are either drug addicts or alco-holics. I got a report 3 or 4 months after he went into the felony punishment for substance abuse defendants that the immigration authorities at the time picked him up and took him to the bor-der. And if it happened the way that he was deported the time before, as he told me, they told him to walk across the border, he did, he waited until the border officials, the immigration offi-cials, left, and then he came right back across the border immediately. The only thing I don’t know is where he ended up, if he continued to follow the trend and continued coming back into the country. A law enforcement officer said: Well, one thing for sure, he knows he doesn’t want to come back to your court because he is going to get locked up one way or another. So, in all likelihood, after the immigration officials drove away, he probably came back and went to somebody else’s county where he heard they didn’t have a judge like me who would enforce the law. But it put people at risk, and Ameri-cans have known that. And Candidate Trump promised to do something about it, and he sure is trying, but he needs Congress’ help. I still don’t have any doubt that, at some point, we are going to get conces-sions from Mexico that will pay for the wall, but it needs to be done for our own safety, our own benefit. And even though there are those who say that is an outrageous thing to do to Mexico, it actually is the kindest, best thing we could ever do for Mexico. Those who have been there—my wife and I honeymooned in Mexico—it is a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.035 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9591 December 1, 2017 
beautiful, beautiful place, a wonderful place. We have vacationed there, cer-tainly not in recent years. But it is in-credible, the beauty that lies in dif-ferent places in Mexico. And we know—from people there and from people who have come from Mex-ico into the United States: many of them I have gotten to know and love, people I went to church with, people who came legally—these are hard-working, God-fearing folks. And al-though it might be an over generaliza-tion, still the fact is that most of the people who emigrate to the United States from Mexico whom I have ever gotten to know—and it is a lot—they love God, they love their family, and they are hardworking. I also have to think an abundance of those three feelings are what made America the greatest, freest, most op-portune country in the history of the world. I was reading again last night about Solomon’s reign in Israel. Israel didn’t even have the individual assets during that incredible wise man’s reign—well, wise until he started having so many wives. That will take anybody’s wis-dom away from them. But an incred-ible place to have lived, with all of the advantages that were found in Israel, back during Solomon’s reign. But they didn’t have individual op-portunity, individual assets, individual freedoms, like we have in America. And some people get to thinking—be-cause they don’t know the history of the world—they get to thinking that: Gee, even if things don’t work out and we lose our freedom here in America, another America will pop up some-where: a country that loves freedom to the extent that its own citizens will travel to other places in the world and fight and die for other people’s free-dom. I mean, there has just never been a place like the United States of Amer-ica. And I have mentioned him before, and I will mention him again. The gen-tleman from west Africa named Ebe-nezer, an older gentleman, who, with other west Africans, met with me be-fore I left. My wife had been there with Mercy Ships. And, ultimately, at the end of our reception together, he point-ed out and said: America has been get-ting weak, and we were excited when you elected your first Black President, but we have seen America get weaker and weaker. And you need to know and tell people in Washington that when America gets weak, we suffer. He said: You know, we are Christians. We all know where we are going when we die. But our only chance of having peace in this life is if America is strong. There has not been another country, that I can find, in the history of the world that fought for, not imperialism, as some ignorant of history have said about the United States. Obviously—it should be obvious—not imperialism, because people in Germany and France speak German and they speak French, and people in Japan speak Japanese. I mean, we were not out for impe-rialism, we were out for freedom. We liberated Kuwait under George H. W. Bush. We didn’t demand that they be-come colonies of the United States. They are an independent nation. In Bosnia, in so many places, we have spilled American blood for the freedom and benefit of others. There has never been a nation like this that had so many individual assets and opportuni-ties. But whether or not they will con-tinue has a lot to do with what this body does. A wall between us and Mexico—where it is appropriate, where it is needed— would be the best thing that we could do for Mexico because they have the natural resources, they have a better location for trade than the United States. They have hardworking, God- fearing people. So why are they not one of the top ten economies in the world? b1215 It is clear the answer is corruption. Why is there so much corruption in Mexico? Because of the drug cartels and the drug money, the tens or hun-dreds of billions of dollars—billions, with a B, of dollars—that has gone to the drug cartels through the purchases of drugs, and, of course, they have got-ten into bringing people across the bor-der illegally. Border patrolmen have told me on many occasions I have been down there during the night that there is not an inch of the border between Mexico and the United States that is not under the auspices of some drug cartel. Some drug cartels, I was told, allow some Mexican gangs to carry out their jurisdiction and enforce their jurisdic-tion on that part of the border they control, but what the border patrolmen would tell me is that there is no one who comes across the border illegally in that drug cartel’s sector who does not pay or does not do something to get the permission of the drug cartel to come in; because they are all told, when they are brought in illegally, that for those who still owe money and have agreed to work in the city where you are ordered to go by the drug car-tel, if you fail to keep paying the drug cartels the money you owe them, you keep selling drugs to repay the money or engage in prostitution to repay the money, if you fail to do that: We have people all over the U.S. They will come and they will kill you. This stuff is going on in the United States. When Woodrow Wilson was President, certainly not my favorite President, but even Woodrow Wilson, after a Mexican gang led by Pancho Villa came across the U.S. border one time too many and killed a bunch of Amer-ican families, Woodrow Wilson said enough is enough. They didn’t have the wherewithal to build a wall where they needed it back then, so he sent Amer-ican troops. Something new called the National Guard was also utilized. I have asked for the official number of U.S. troops that Woodrow Wilson, as President, sent to the border to enforce the border, and I have gotten anywhere from 15,000 to 150,000. I continue to get different figures. It may have been 75,000. Regardless, Woodrow Wilson sent American troops to stop people from illegally entering the country. He also sent a general after Pancho Villa. In the last administration, I have heard it said that no one has done more than the Obama administration to pro-tect our border. I know no one said that intentionally misleading. They just were not aware that Woodrow Wilson sent potentially tens of thousands of American troops to the border so that nobody came across into the United States illegally to kill Americans the way Pancho Villa had done that invoked President Wilson into sending the troops. President Trump doesn’t want to have to send so many precious Amer-ican lives to stand around the border protecting us. Why should they, when, in so many places, all we need is to build a wall and have it enforced the way Israel enforces its wall. The irony about the Israeli wall, as I have visited and been shown around their so-called wall, 75 percent of the Israeli wall that has saved an abun-dance of children’s lives who were being killed by Palestinian radical Islamists—they could walk across, right into a basketball court or a schoolyard, blow themselves up, killing as many children as they could; walk into a restaurant where innocent peo-ple were sitting, having pleasant times together, many families, and blow themselves up to kill as many Israelis as possible. They did a remarkable job of cutting the violence by building a wall, 75 percent of which is a fence. The difference is, though, that their fence is monitored 24/7, and nobody comes across without them noticing and hav-ing people on the spot before the per-son can actually get across. We could do that. If Israel can do that, we could do that. Although there are Mexican leaders who have appeared to have been out-raged, they have to know deep in their heart that, if we build a wall and stop the flow of American money, billions of American dollars into Mexico’s drug cartels, they can’t fund the corruption; they can’t keep killing any police offi-cial that gets in their way, putting their heads on pikes to set an example for others that you don’t mess with the drug cartels in Mexico. If we bring that flow of billions of dollars to a tiny trickle, then Mexico can begin to experience the kind of success that they should be experi-encing. We could be the best neighbor Mexico could ever have if we just help them by building a wall, stopping any-thing from crossing the border ille-gally, including drugs, and you would have people wanting to go to Mexico and live permanently from America if they could trust the law enforcement situation there, which they really can’t right now. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.036 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9592 December 1, 2017 
I know there are plenty of Americans who have bought property there, but the restrictions on Americans buying property in Mexico is so significant, if we applied the same terms on Mexicans seeking to buy property in America, the whole of Mexico would be abso-lutely outraged that we were treating them the way they treat us. As this article in the Washington Ex-aminer points out that President Trump said it, and he is accurate in saying it, the Kate Steinle verdict is one more reason to build the wall. I hope and I pray we won’t have to wait until more people are killed, as is oc-curring regularly, by illegal aliens. It doesn’t even have to be deaths. I mean, constituents of mine have been harmed by people who come into this country illegally, driving without a driver’s license or driving without in-surance, hitting cars, whether they do injury to the occupant or not. I mentioned before, a girl weeping. She is in high school. She has to work. An illegal alien rammed her car, had no insurance, and she and her mom, single mom, could only afford the in-surance for others, liability insurance; they couldn’t afford the insurance to cover themselves, so she couldn’t re-place her car. If she can’t replace her car, she cries that: I can’t work, and my mother and I can’t live. How can you let people come in ille-gally and do such harm to Americans and wreck our lives? He even drove away in his car without a license, with-out insurance. He drove away in his car after he totaled hers. It is time that we did the job we took an oath to do. If we enforce the Con-stitution, the laws of the land, then Americans will be protected and we be-come stronger. Because of the idealistic nature of this Nation, it has assured the freedom of more and more people: first the peo-ple in our own Nation—the Constitu-tion eventually came to represent what it said, all people were to be treated equally—and now to the point that, for 100 years, we have been in wars off and on that ensured freedom for others as well. It is time to build the wall. In the meantime, hopefully, we are about to have a major tax reform bill. I would like to have seen a flat tax across the board. You make more, you pay more. The more you make, the more you pay. That is not what we have done, but it is a reform. It will mean that even more poorer Americans pay no income tax, and the poorer working poor, fewer of them will pay any income tax, and people will pay less tax. The only rate that is not lowered in the tax proposal the House and Senate had was the wealthiest Americans. That was left at 39.6 percent. Some of us think we should have had a smooth, even percentage cut across the board for everybody. How could you argue that that was not fairness? Republican leaders thought: No. We will leave the highest rate on the wealthiest Americans. We will leave that percentage right where it is so we can’t be accused of taxing the poor to help the rich. Now, some will take the actual num-bers of the amount of money that will be saved and say: See, people who are making more are saving more. Well, yeah. People who pay a lot more in income tax will save a little bit, but not nearly the percentage that people who are the working poor will save percentagewise. The best thing for the American economy will be the cut in corporate taxes. The corporate tax has been a gimmick by both parties for so many years, telling people: Oh, no. These rich, greedy corporations, we will make them pay. Well, that is hiding the ball, because the fact is no corporation can stay in business unless they pass on the cost of the corporate tax to their customers, their clients, for their goods and serv-ices. They have to pass on that cost or they can’t stay in business. They just can’t. We have the highest corporate tax of any industrialized nation in the world. China is a little less than half of our 35 percent. That is why President Trump was pushing so hard, as were many of us: Let’s at least take it to 15 percent. Whatever the percentage is, unless it is zero, it is a tariff on Americans’ goods and services. How insane for a country to put a tariff on its own goods and services so that it makes us less competitive in the world market. If you took away the 35 percent tariff called the corporate tax on American- made goods, we could compete glob-ally; but because we put such a huge tariff on our own goods, 35 percent, then our goods are far too often not competitive in the world market. b1230 If we make our own products com-petitive anywhere, people around the world, if American prices were more competitive, they would love to buy American products. When some of us went to China, talked to CEOs about why they moved there, I heard the number one answer being the corporate tax. I loved hearing them say: Now, our best quality control was in America. We have got better quality control. We have got better quality of workers. I love hearing that around the world. Yeah, the best workers are in America, best quality control for our products is in America, lowest margin of error among our plants is in America. We make good stuff. Those who take pride in what they do, that is an American way. People would love to buy them, but not when our 35 percent tariff we put on our own corporate-made goods are not able to compete as they would if we removed it. But at least at the 15 percent the President and some of us were pushing for—we would have undercut China’s income tax for corporations, and just even a point or two undercutting Chi-na’s income tax or corporate income tax would have brought so many manu-facturing jobs back to America. I know there are elitists in America who say: Well, yeah, but those manu-facturing jobs, those are not for classy countries like America. No, we have evolved upward into a service economy. We provide elegant services. We are not into manufacturing goods. We leave that to more developing nations. But the historical fact is clear: any powerful nation that cannot manufac-ture what it needs in a time of war will not be a powerful nation past the next war. Just as Jesus assured there will al-ways be wars and rumors of war, we have to be aware. As long as we are in this world, we have to protect our country, protect ourselves, and it doesn’t matter if you are a Christian or not a Christian. Those who are Chris-tian sometimes say: Oh, yeah, but Jesus said we have got to love our neighbors as ourselves. Blessed are the meek, his Sermon on the Mount and all. That is absolutely the way Christians are supposed to live, but when they are acting as the government, we are to be mindful of Romans, Romans 13. The government is to be an encourager of good conduct. We are not supposed to design programs to lure people away from their productivity, lure them away from their potential and that wonderful, awesome feeling of multiple employers wanting you to come work for them. Too many young people have never experienced that. I really believe, with a major tax cut like we have passed in the House, there will be more and more young people that will know that feel-ing. It is such a gratifying feeling when multiple firms want you to work for them. You can decide whether you want to be on your own, start your own business, or go to work for someone. It is just an awesome feeling. The economy has struggled so, never hit 3 percent growth in any year in the last 8 years, and now we have had 2 months back-to-back where we hit over 3 percent growth. If we can do that, we are going to bring in more Federal rev-enue, even with the lower taxes. It is going to be great for America. People are going to see what it is like to have more companies wanting you. We do need to come to grips with the number of people we are allowing in this country, both illegally and legally. No country in the world allows a mil-lion people to come into its country le-gally like the United States does. We allow that many legally. I happen to be helping a fellow Texan who emigrated from Mexico, has been here on visas legally for 15 years. She is trying to get her citizenship. She has done everything she can legally, but it gets really frustrating for someone from Mexico who is following the rules, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.038 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9593 December 1, 2017 
following the law, doing everything ac-cording to American law. That is the kind of person we want to come here, someone who has respect for the law. We are helping her try to get her citi-zenship, but, unfortunately, that part of our government is only now looking at applications from September of last year. Hoping not to have to get yet an-other visa, surely this greatest Nation in the world could move faster on ap-plications for citizenship and visas. Surely we could at least work as fast as Third World nations that don’t have computers. Apparently, in some cases, we don’t. We owe it to all of those who have sought to come into America legally and to all of those who were born here, at least born here and are American citizens. The children of diplomats who are born in the United States are not U.S. citizens. Originally, when the 14th Amend-ment passed—and you can go back and look at the debate, back at the time— the advocates for the 14th Amendment were saying obviously there will be people who have children born in America whose children will not be citizens. They contemplated that would be diplomats from foreign coun-tries who are in this country legally as diplomats of foreign countries. Their children would not be citizens, and they are not. They also contemplated that, if you snuck into this country illegally, cer-tainly your children would not be citi-zens. That would be insane. Yet what they thought would be insane is the way things have been interpreted for far too long. We ought to be able to say who can come into the country legally and ap-prove anybody who comes in, whether legally or illegally, for citizenship on our own terms. That is the way it needs to be if we are going to perpet-uate this amazing blessing of a coun-try. I didn’t deserve to be born here, but I was. And if we are going to continue to be a light on the hill that so many hundreds of millions of people around the world want to come to, then we can’t let hundreds of millions of people come here or it would overwhelm the country and it would no longer be a place anybody wanted to come. At that point, the greatest hope for peace in the world, the United States, would cease to be the United States we have come to know and love. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD AIDS DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank you, and I want to extend my courtesies to the gentleman from Texas for his courtesy as well, Mr. A
L G
REEN . I stand here today because this is World AIDS Day. Since 1988, we have commemorated World AIDS Day. I have on my lapel, if you will, on my shawl, a red ribbon which symbolizes remembrance. Earlier today I called in to the Thomas Street Clinic, as I have cele-brated with them for many years, and while I was in Washington, I wanted to give them the recognition as fighters against HIV/AIDS. It does not seem that long ago, but HIV/AIDS affected many around the world before the disease even made its way to America’s shores. Countless re-searchers, healthcare providers, politi-cians, and educators have contributed to the global initiative to contain and eventually eliminate its presence in all corners of the world. I remember going to Zambia on the first Presidential trip dealing with HIV/AIDS around the world. 38.6 mil-lion people worldwide were living with HIV at the end of 2005, and more than 25 million have died of AIDS since 1981. In December, we remember that, and that is what this day is: a day of re-membrance, when an estimated 1 mil-lion to 1.2 million HIV-positive individ-uals live in the United States and ap-proximately 56,000 new infections occur every year. Mr. Speaker, my district is impacted, upwards of 22,000 people. Texas is im-pacted. Today is a day of remembrance to honor those we lost and to commit to those we fight for. Mr. Speaker, established by the World Health Organization in 1988, December 1st is universally known as World AIDS Day. World AIDS Day serves to focus global at-tention on the devastating impact of the HIV/ AIDS epidemic. All governments, national AIDS programs, churches, community organizations and indi-viduals are given the opportunity to display their commitment to fight this deadly disease. It has been more than 30 years since the first AIDS case was reported in the United States. It does not seem like it was too long ago, but HIV/AIDS had affected many around the world before the disease even made its way to America’s shores. Since then, countless researchers, healthcare providers, politicians, and edu-cators have contributed to the global initiative to contain and eventually eliminate its pres-ence in all corners of the world. Although HIV/AIDS is no longer a mys-terious and mischaracterized entity, it is the most relentless and indiscriminate killer of our time. And though a diagnosis is no longer the sealing of an immediate fate, it is the begin-ning of an indefinite battle for life, adequate health care, and for social belonging. With an estimated 38.6 million people world-wide living with HIV at the end of 2005, and more than 25 million people having died of AIDS since 1981, December 1st is a date which serves to remind everyone that action makes a difference in the fight against HIV/ AIDS. Let there be no mistake, we are here to ac-knowledge that AIDS is a deadly enemy against which we must join all our forces to fight and eliminate. Americans should be reminded that HIV/ AIDS does not discriminate. With an estimated 1,039,000 to 1,185,000 HIV-positive individuals living in the U.S., and approximately 56,000 new infections occurring every year, the U.S., like other nations around the world, is deeply affected by HIV/AIDS. The detrimental effects of HIV/AIDS have also hit home. More than 65,000 people in Texas are living with HIV. Thirty-six percent more Texans are living with HIV today than just seven years ago. In 2010, studies showed that 1 in every 3 diag-nosed persons in Texas were not getting prop-er medical treatment. We must make certain that every affected individual receive efficient medical treatment that will afford them long life. Not only is the state of Texas suffering from HIV and AIDS, but my district, the 18th Con-gressional District of Texas, has seen an in-creasing number of people living with the dis-ease. In 2010, there were over 22,000 reported persons living with HIV (non-AIDS) in the greater Houston area, and more than 9,000 reported persons living with AIDS. This problem continues to escalate as there have been 1,700 new infections each year among individuals in Harris County, particu-larly among racial and ethnic minorities. We must continue to fight a tough fight to reverse all of these costly and tragic trends. I will continue to sponsor and co-sponsor legislation that addresses the HIV/AIDS epi-demic. The fight is not over. We must continue to stand strong in our struggle to conquer some old and new chal-lenges that we as Americans and members of the global community encounter. Today, Friday, December 1st, is World AIDS Day. And, we will focus on HIV/AIDS, prevention and awareness, and continue to fight for life. Together, we will help all of our friends, rel-atives, and children live healthy and full lives. f 
REASONS WHY PRESIDENT DON-ALD J. TRUMP SHOULD BE IM-PEACHED The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UCSHON ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the leadership for this op-portunity. I greatly appreciate any op-portunity to stand here in the well of the Congress of the United States of America. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, because I do love my country. I rise because I want persons to know that there are certain things that are not being pre-sented properly, and one of the things that is not being presented properly as it relates to impeachment is the notion that a President has to commit a crime to be impeached. I would like to talk about this for a moment and then ad-dress some of the issues associated with impeachment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.040 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9594 December 1, 2017 
A President doesn’t have to commit a crime to be impeached. Article II, sec-tion 4 of the Constitution of the United States of America is where we find in-formation, if you will, on impeach-ment. It is stated in Article II, section 4 that a President can be impeached for treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors. Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that a misdemeanor is defined as a mis-deed. There is a definition associated with criminology, but when the Fram-ers of the Constitution decided that impeachment would be a remedy for a President who might be styled a run-away President, they decided that ‘‘misdemeanor’’ would mean misdeed. In fact, we have had a President im-peached for a misdeed. Andrew John-son, in 1868, President, was impeached for the high misdemeanor, misdeed, if you will, of saying things that were un-kind about Congress. He committed no crime. He breached no statute. He spoke ill will of Con-gress, and as such, he was impeached in article X of the Articles of Impeach-ment that were placed against him. I would like to share some intel-ligence from some others who have spo-ken on this issue. Gene Healy has spoken on the issue. He is with the Cato Institute, and his article is styled ‘‘The Overcriminaliza-tion of Impeachment.’’ In this article, he states explicitly, on the second page, for whose who might have a copy of it—I have filed this with the House previously—‘‘Impeachable offenses aren’t limited to crimes.’’ He indicates that that is settled quite well among constitutional scholars. He also goes on to say: ‘‘Had the Framers restricted impeachment to statutory offenses, they’d have ren-dered the power a ‘nullity’ from the start.’’ In the early Republic, there were very few crimes, and certainly not enough to cover the range of mis-deeds—important word, ‘‘misdeeds’’— that would rightly disqualify public of-ficials from continued service—mis-deeds, misdemeanors. b1245 He goes on to say that it is important to get this straight because confusing impeachment with a criminal process can be harmful to our political health. It may lead us to stretch criminal law to get the President or his associates warping its future applications to ordi-nary citizens. It is important that we get this straight because a crime, obviously, can be an impeachable offense, but it can also be something that a person is not impeached for, a President is not impeached for, depending upon the se-verity, I suppose. But a President can also be impeached for the misdeeds committed while in office. One of the things that Mr. Healy ad-dresses that I would like to point out that is important as it relates to why we have this belief that a President must be impeached for a crime is this: unfortunately, we have outsourced the investigative function associated with impeachment to some other body, to some independent agency, to the Jus-tice Department, if you will. In so doing, we have given the impression that this is something that involves a crime. But the Framers of the Constitution thought long and hard about this, and they saw that there could be the ap-pearance of impropriety, if we allowed the executive branch to investigate itself in the sense that the Justice De-partment is a part of the executive branch. So do you really want the executive branch investigating the President, who is the chief executive officer? There are times, such as what we have now, when you have the executive outsourcing the actual investigation to a third party. And my suspicion is that this can work quite well, but we should not conclude that because it is work-ing, that because there is some functionality that seems to be positive for some, negative for others, that be-cause it appears to be working that this is the only way that it can be done. We shouldn’t conclude that at the end of an investigation, if there is no finding of criminality, that an im-peachment cannot go forward. Because notwithstanding the findings of a spe-cial investigator, or a special body that is assigned the task of investigating, we should not conclude that if there is not a finding of criminality that we cannot go forward with an impeach-ment. As a matter of fact, we can go for-ward with an impeachment while a body is performing this function, while a body is investigating. We can go for-ward before there is an investigation by a body. We can go forward after there is an investigation. The House of Representatives is the place where impeachment takes place. Any Member of the House of Rep-resentatives can bring Articles of Im-peachment, and these Articles of Im-peachment will have to be brought be-fore the entirety of the House of Rep-resentatives. Impeachment is not lim-ited to crimes committed, and a Mem-ber can bring Articles of Impeachment based upon the harm that a President is imposing upon society by virtue of the President’s acts, behavior, or mis-deeds, if you will. The President can be impeached without committing a crime. I had the good fortune of being on a program with Chris Hayes last night. He is the host. He mentioned an article that is written by Ezra Klein. It is styled, ‘‘The case for normalizing im-peachment. Impeaching an unfit Presi-dent has consequences. But leaving one in office could be worse.’’ In this article that he has written, on the very last page he indicates that— by the way, I would commend this to persons to read in its entirety, but I am, for need of time, going to limit myself to excerpts. He indicates that: ‘‘Impeachment is not a power we should take lightly; nor is it one we should treat as too explosive. There will be Presidents who are neither criminals, nor mental incompetents but who are wrong for the role, who pose a danger to the country and the world.’’ This is true. It can happen. I will say more about the possibilities in just a moment. Then there is the article from The Times, a U.K. newspaper, that I would commend to persons, and it indi-cates that ‘‘MPs accuse Donald Trump of ‘spreading evil’ over Britain First retweets.’’ This is an article that I highly com-mend because it speaks of how things can extend beyond our borders that start within our borders. I will read some of the excerpts. It reads: ‘‘The Prime Minister said that Britain First, whose Twitter post the President retweeted, was a ‘hateful organization’ that ‘seeks to spread di-vision and mistrust among commu-nities.’ ‘‘She said the group stood in opposi-tion to Britain, British values of re-spect, tolerance, and decency, and stressed that British Muslims were ‘peaceful, law-abiding people who have themselves been victims of attack, of terror by the far right.’’’ She went on to indicate, serving no-tice to Mr. Trump, that she would not shy away from tackling him if she thought these actions—excuse me—if she thought his actions misguided. She said: ‘‘The fact that we work together does not mean that we are afraid to say when we think the United States has got it wrong. And to be very clear with them, I am very clear that retweeting from Britain First was the wrong thing to do.’’ We have been criticized greatly for the retweet that was inaccurate, a retweet that, quite frankly, could have been vetted. When you are the Presi-dent of the United States of America, you have access to intelligence about things happening around the world. You can validate, you can verify, you can vet things that are presented to you. The President has access to the greatest intelligence operation in the world and could easily vet before tweeting. The information that was retweeted was not entirely correct, and it was hateful. It was designed to incite hate and it should not be the kind of thing that a President should retweet. I would like to also read the style of an article from Foreign Policy. This article is styled, ‘‘This Is How Every Genocide Begins.’’ This is by Daniel Altman. He indicates that Donald Trump’s retweeting anti-Muslim propa-ganda videos in the most un-Amer-ican—excuse me just a moment, please. I seem to be catching something. So please tolerate me if you would, Mr. Speaker. I thank the person who brought the elixir of life, water, over to me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:11 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.042 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9595 December 1, 2017 
Again, Donald Trump’s retweeting of anti-Muslim propaganda videos is the most un-American thing he has done as President. And he goes on to explain that we have to remove this President and his administration as soon as pos-sible. We have to do it by legal means, upholding the foundations of our de-mocracy. We cannot expect help from the President’s silent Cabinet, or his toadies in Congress who seem more in-terested in maintaining their own power than saying a word against him. We have to use the only branch of gov-ernment left to us, the courts. Now, he and I differ on this point. I do believe we can still bring Articles of Impeachment, but he concludes by say-ing this: The President is trying to generate panic against Muslims in America—and I am reparaphrasing— clearly putting them at risk of mob vi-olence. He says he hopes that he will face the full force of the law before it is too late. I might also go back a page or two and read this from this article. He indi-cates that the first thing that is done when we are going to move toward some sort of mob violence is to target a group by demonizing it by a cam-paign of hateful information. He goes on to say: This is presented as legitimate information by people in positions of trust. This article, I commend to persons as well. Now, moving forward to our current situation. It is my opinion, Mr. Speak-er, that a President who is unmindful of the high duties of his high office, a President who is unmindful of the dignities and proprieties thereof, a President who has brought shame and disrepute upon the Presidency, who has breached his trust as President to the manifest injury of American society, such that he creates hate and hostility, this President who sows these seeds of discord, this kind of President should be impeached. It is my opinion that a President who demeans a Member of Congress, as one example; who indicates that a Member of Congress performing duties as a Member of Congress, duties that were associated with a constituent, that such a Member of Congress is wacky; a President saying that a Member of Congress is wacky creates cir-cumstances for the Member of Congress that are, to be very kind, quite un-pleasant. A President doing this to a Member of Congress has caused a great deal of concern. The Member of Congress has had threats made. The Member of Con-gress has had to take on extra security with great care and protect the staff. This is the kind of thing that we don’t expect a Member of Congress to have to endure as a result of something a President might say. A President who indicates that there will be a ban on Muslims coming into our country, a President should not single out a religious group and indi-cate that they should be banned from a country. In doing this, the President singles out people such that those who are of ill will will look upon them as persons to be treated with some degree of disrespect and even horror. A President who talks about persons who have signed up to serve in our military and who have not done any-thing dishonorable, but who says that, because they are transgender persons, they are persons who are not accept-able in the military, this sends a signal to people that incites people to believe that the President sees these persons as less than persons who should be in the military, persons who should be treated in some way other than re-spectful as members of the military. A President who calls the mothers of persons who are professional athletes— SOBs is the term that was used; the ‘‘B’’ meaning that those persons were dogs, the mothers; calling them, the athletes themselves, sons of dogs—such a President is a person who is sowing seeds of discord. Such a President is a person who is inciting people to behave in a manner such that they would be antithetical to those persons who are the sons of persons that he had labeled as dogs. This is inappropriate behavior for a President. A President who concludes that per-sons who are members of the KKK, per-sons who are neo-Nazis, call themselves supremacists. Such persons, when they are said to be very fine people, is a means of legitimizing people who are hateful, who are bigots, persons who have ill will for others in society sim-ply because of who the others are. A President should not legitimize them by calling them very fine people. This is a President who believes that the people of a given country who are subjects of the United States of Amer-ica, but a President who indicates that these people want others to do things for them that they should be doing for themselves, or that they are a drain on the budget because they have been the victims of a force of nature. b1300 A President who says these kinds of things sends a signal that indicates that these persons are not persons who are the best that we have in American society, because they are citizens. Puerto Ricans are citizens. A President who does this is a President who is sowing seeds of mistrust and sowing seeds of discord. A President should not sow seeds of mistrust and discord. A President ought to be a unifying force within a country. A President ought to be the person whom we look to for some sense of stability. A President ought to be about the business of keeping a coun-try together rather than creating chasms within various persons and groups within a society. This is what young people expect of a President—young people who are wit-nessing a President do things that bring about distrust and sow the seeds of discord are seeing something that is unusual and something that is not nor-mal. We don’t want them to assume that what they are seeing is the norm. As a matter of fact, we need to let them know that this is not the norm. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to make it clear that these kinds of activities that create hate and hostility and that sow seeds of discord are impeachable. These are the kinds of things that the Framers of the Constitution had in mind when they created Article II, sec-tion 4 of the Constitution. This is what Alexander Hamilton had in mind when he penned Federalist No. 65. Hamilton so much as indicated that impeachment would create a lot of dis-cord within society. The act itself, he indicated, could be very partisan. He indicated that there would be rancor— probably not in that specific term—but he indicated that people would be dis-combobulated to a great extent. In so doing, he also went on to let us know that it is something that is nec-essary. It is something that has to hap-pen when you have a President who has committed misdeeds such that that President can be removed from office, and it does not have to be for a crime. This is something that constitutional scholars recognize, but it is also some-thing that some people, for whatever reasons, do not acknowledge. They don’t acknowledge it for reasons that I will allow them to explain. But the constitutional scholars, who have delved into this to levels that most people don’t have, acknowledged that Presidents don’t have to be impeached for crimes only. As a matter of fact, in 1804, John Pickering, a Federal judge, was subject to impeachment. He was impeached, and he committed no crime that was noted in the Articles of Impeachment. He was impeached for being intem-perate. As I indicated earlier, and I think some things bear repeating, An-drew Johnson was impeached in 1868. In the 10th article of the Articles of Im-peachment, it was alleged that he de-meaned Congress. He said bad things about Congress, and, as a result, he was impeached. Now, no President has been con-victed. Impeachment is within the province of the House of Representa-tives. If a majority of the Members vote to impeach, a President is then impeached, and the action moves to the Senate where there is a trial in the Senate presided over by the Chief Jus-tice of the Supreme Court. If the Presi-dent is found guilty, then the President is impeached and can be removed from office. The impeachment is validated, and the President can be removed from office. But impeachment is something that occurs in the House of Representatives. It is something that each Member can bring before the House of Representa-tives. It is a responsibility that a Mem-ber of Congress can assume by virtue of being a Member of Congress in con-cluding that a President has com-mitted impeachable offenses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.044 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9596 December 1, 2017 
These impeachable offenses need not be crimes. I keep emphasizing this be-cause really that is what this time is to be used efficaciously for. We want people to know, in no uncertain terms, that a President does not have to com-mit crimes to be impeached, that any of the 435 Members of the House of Rep-resentatives can bring Articles of Im-peachment before the body, and that when these Articles of Impeachment are brought before the body, the House has to act. How does the House have to act? The House of Representatives will allow the articles to be read once. Once they are read, there is a time set for them to be read a second time. I read Articles of Impeachment earlier, and I chose not to read them the second time. As a re-sult, they were not read, and as a re-sult of not being read, the articles were not acted upon by the body. This is something every Member can do. By the way, when I did it, I did it as a result of my conscious decision to do so without any influence from any person on the planet Earth. It was a de-cision that was made before I came without any influence from any person. I am saying this with the emphasis that I place upon it, Mr. Speaker, be-cause there is some misinformation. I am not offended by the misinforma-tion, I just want to correct the record. These things get confused, and I under-stand it. Most people are not familiar with how this process works. Moving along, once the time is set for the second reading, the articles are read the second time; and, thereafter, the articles may be voted up or down or there may be a request made that the articles be sent to a committee. If so, if a majority of the body concludes that they should go to committee, then they will, or there could be a motion or a request made to table the articles. If they are tabled, they will be tabled and likely not brought back before the body again. But if they are allowed to be voted up or down, if a majority of the Members conclude that impeach-ment is appropriate and say so by their vote, saying yes by their vote, then the President would be impeached, and it would go to the Senate. In the Senate, you would have to have a two-thirds vote to convict. But if the request is to table the Ar-ticles of Impeachment, then those who do not favor impeachment can vote to table, because if you vote to table and that is successful, then you don’t have to vote to impeach. Those who do not favor impeachment can vote to have the articles sent to the Judiciary Committee. If they don’t favor impeachment, then you can vote to send it to the Judiciary Committee, and there won’t be a vote on impeach-ment. There can be other reasons. I don’t want to conclude that the only reason that a person would vote to table is be-cause a person doesn’t want to vote to impeach, but these are the reasons that are ostensibly viewed as reasons for not voting for these various motions that can be made. If I bring Articles of Impeachment, my desire will be to have the articles voted up or down. If they are voted up or down, that would accord everyone an opportunity to show the world where they stand on the question be-fore the House, which, of course, would be impeachment. If a motion is made to table or a request to table, then I would vote against that because I sup-port impeachment. If a motion is made to send to committee, I will vote against this because I favor impeach-ment. This is important not only to me, but to my country. This is not about Democrats. It really is not. It is about the democracy. It is about government of the people, by the people, and for the people. It is about the Republic. It is not about Republicans. It is about whether we will be able to retain the Republic that we have. Many will re-call that Franklin called to our atten-tion that we have a republic when he addressed a certain person and indi-cated that you have ‘‘a republic, if you can keep it.’’ This is about keeping the Republic, Mr. Speaker. It is not about Demo-crats, and it is not about Republicans. It is about them in the sense that they are part of the House and they all have an opportunity to cast votes, but it is really not about something as simple as politics as usual. This is something to be taken seri-ously. I do take it seriously. It is some-thing that the country is monitoring. The country, when polled, indicates its position on impeachment, and that po-sition has been at 40 percent, some a little bit above and some below, de-pending on who is polling and how you poll, I suppose. But the country is aware of what is going on. People are paying attention, and we do have a duty to bring before this body what we, in good conscious, believe is appro-priate. ‘‘Good conscious’’ is a good term. I believe in good conscious that there is a time to bring impeachment before this body. I repeat, I believe in good conscious that there is a time to bring impeach-ment before this body. I have expressed my position, and it is no secret. People know where I stand. People know that, as a Member of the Congress of the United States of America, I have made the position quite public. Mr. Speaker, as I indicated, people know what my position is. They know that I have been straightforward. I have not been nebu-lous. I have not been shy. I believe what I say, and I say what I believe. I believe that this country should not allow discord to emanate from the highest office in the land. I believe that this country should not allow the chief executive officer to incite hate and should not allow the chief executive of-ficer to incite hostility. I believe that the chief executive officer ought to be a unifying force in a great country. I believe that if America is going to con-tinue its greatness and move forward without persons who are labeled as wacky or persons being seen as less than other Americans by virtue of their religious practices or because of their sexuality, I believe that we have a duty when we believe that there is an impeachable offense, then we should bring this before the Congress of the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to serve the people of the Ninth Congressional District of Texas. The Ninth Congres-sional District of Texas is in Houston. I am honored to serve the people of Houston as well as Missouri City and Stafford. I am honored to serve, but I am a United States Congressman, and the Constitution of the United States of America addresses all of the people within the United States of America. So when I bring my views to the floor, when I stand in the well and make my comments, I am speaking for the peo-ple of the Ninth Congressional District. But I am also speaking for a good many people of the United States of America, and a good many people in the United States of America are of the opinion, Mr. Speaker, that impeach-ment is not only appropriate but nec-essary. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I would like to announce that next week here in the Congress of the United States of Amer-ica, I will bring Articles of Impeach-ment to present to this body such that Donald J. Trump will be impeached. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 1 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, Decem-ber 4, 2017, at 6 p.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3262. A letter from the Regulations Coordi-nator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major notice — Medicaid Program; Final FY 2015 and Preliminary FY 2017 Dispropor-tionate Share Hospital Allotments, and Final FY 2015 and Preliminary FY 2017 Insti-tutions for Mental Diseases Disproportionate Share Hospital Limits [CMS-2409-N] (RIN: 0938-AB43) received November 29, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3263. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the thir-teenth annual Federal Trade Commission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE7.045 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9597 December 1, 2017 
Report on Ethanol Market Concentration, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(10)(B); July 14, 1955, ch. 360, title II, Sec. 211 (amended by Public Law 109-58, Sec. 1501(a)(2)); (119 Stat. 1074); to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce. 3264. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Commerce, transmitting a report prepared by the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security on the na-tional emergency declared by Executive Order 13222 of August 17, 2001 and continued through August 16, 2017, to deal with the threat to the national security, foreign pol-icy, and economy of the United States caused by the lapse of the Export Adminis-tration Act of 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3265. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting a deter-mination that the Democratic People’s Re-public of Korea has repeatedly provided sup-port for acts of international terrorism; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3266. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-184, ‘‘Dining with Dogs Tem-porary Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3267. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-188, ‘‘Campaign Finance Reform and Transparency Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3268. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-189, ‘‘Washington Metrorail Safety Commission Board of Directors Ap-pointment Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3269. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-185, ‘‘Credit Protection Fee Waiver Temporary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3270. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-186, ‘‘Ethics Board Quorum Tem-porary Amendment Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3271. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. ACT 22-187, ‘‘Southwest Waterfront Parking Enforcement Temporary Act of 2017’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3272. A letter from the Director, White House Liaison, Office of Special Education and Rehabilitative Services, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3273. A letter from the Archivist, National Archives and Records Administration, trans-mitting the Administration’s Agency Finan-cial Report for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3274. A letter from the Chairman, Securi-ties and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Office of the Inspector General Semiannual Report for the period April 1, 2017 through September 30, 2017; to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 3275. A letter from the Special Counsel, U.S. Office of Special Counsel, transmitting the Office’s FY 2017 Performance and Ac-countability Report; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3276. A letter from the Associate Adminis-trator, Office of Congressional and Legisla-tive Affairs, U.S. Small Business Adminis-tration, transmitting the Administration’s annual Agency Financial Report for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3515(a)(1); Public Law 101-576, Sec. 303(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 107-289, Sec. 2(a)); (116 Stat. 2049); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Ms. FOXX (for herself and Mr. G
UTHRIE ): H.R. 4508. A bill to support students in completing an affordable postsecondary edu-cation that will prepare them to enter the workforce with the skills they need for life-long success; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4509. A bill to prohibit the use of offi-cial funds for airline accommodations for Members of Congress which are not coach- class accommodations, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4510. A bill to prohibit the use of offi-cial funds provided for the operations of a House of Congress for long-term vehicle leases, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on House Administration. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4511. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit former Members of Congress from lobbying Members, officers, or employees of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4512. A bill to provide that the rates of pay for Members of Congress shall be reduced following any fiscal year in which there is a Federal deficit; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself and Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania): H.R. 4513. A bill to amend the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to alter and expand eligibility for farm ownership loans by modifying the 3-year experience re-quirement; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4514. A bill to prohibit deductions for settlements subject to nondisclosure agree-ments paid in connection with sexual harass-ment or sexual abuse, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. E
MMER , Mr. W AL-
DEN, and Mr. B URGESS ): H.R. 4515. A bill to amend title XXI of the Social Security Act to provide for a special rule during the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 for the redistribution of certain Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program allocations for certain shortfall States; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 4516. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to modify the treatment of certain payments made with respect to sex-ual misconduct; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. C
OLLINS  of New York, and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H.R. 4517. A bill to amend the Home Own-ers’ Loan Act to allow mutual holding com-panies to clarify requirements related to the waiver of dividends, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself, Mr. G
RIJALVA , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S OTO, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. L EE, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. B LU-
MENAUER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. P ANETTA , Ms. S HEA- P
ORTER , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , and Mr. B EYER ): H.R. 4518. A bill to expand the boundaries of the Bears Ears National Monument, to en-sure prompt engagement with the Bears Ears Commission and prompt implementation of the Proclamation establishing the Bears Ears National Monument, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 4519. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to repeal certain disclo-sure requirements related to resource extrac-tion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself and Mr. L
OEBSACK ): H.R. 4520. A bill to provide for the exten-sion of the enforcement instruction on super-vision requirements for outpatient thera-peutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2017; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Ms. L
EE, Mr. S OTO, Mr. D
EUTCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. C
RIST, Mr. E VANS , Ms. J ACKSON  L
EE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE  L
UJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and Mr. H
ASTINGS ): H.R. 4521. A bill to amend the Food and Nu-trition Act of 2008 to simplify the SNAP re-certification process for the elderly and dis-abled, and to spur innovation in the applica-tion processes of SNAP, the Medicare Sav-ings Program, and supplemental security in-come that will increase the utilization of en-titlement programs among the most vulner-able of populations; to the Committee on Ag-riculture, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4522. A bill to amend the Congres-sional Accountability Act of 1995 to prohibit the use of public funds for the payment of a settlement or award under such Act in con-nection with a claim arising from sexual har-assment committed by a Member of Con-gress; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01DE7.000 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH9598 December 1, 2017 
By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4523. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to expand retirement plan coverage, increase retirement security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4524. A bill to expand retirement cov-erage, preserve retirement income, simplify rules related to retirement plans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speak-er, in each case for consideration of such pro-visions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 4525. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the National Oceanic and Atmos-pheric Administration to make grants to States and local governments and non-governmental organizations for purposes of carrying out shoreline stabilization projects utilizing natural materials; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 4526. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide penalties for certain obstructions of the enforcement of Federal immigration laws; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. SERRANO (for himself, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. C
LARK of Massachu-setts, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. K
ILMER , and Mr. S ABLAN ): H.R. 4527. A bill to direct the Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information to prepare and submit peri-odic reports to Congress on the role of tele-communications in hate crimes; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4528. A bill to make technical amend-ments to certain marine fish conservation statutes, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 4529. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise Form S- 3 so as to add listing and registration of a class of common equity securities on a na-tional securities exchange as an additional basis for satisfying the requirements of Gen-eral Instruction I.B.1. of such form and to re-move such listing and registration as a re-quirement of General Instruction I.B.6. of such form; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ROSS (for himself, Mr. H
AS-
TINGS , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C
UELLAR , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. P
ETERSON ): H.J. Res. 122. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection relating to ‘‘Payday, Vehicle Title, and Certain High-Cost Installment Loans‘‘; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. TAYLOR (for himself, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , and Mr. K
ILMER ): H. Con. Res. 95. Concurrent resolution ex-pressing support for the use of public-private partnerships to bring computer science edu-cation to more K-12 classrooms; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. NAPOLITANO (for herself, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. S
CHIFF , Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali-fornia, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD , and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N): H. Res. 639. A resolution honoring the suc-cess of the more-than-a-decade-long process by Southern California locals to create the San Gabriel Mountains National Monument; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
HANNA , Ms. H
ANABUSA , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. F
ARENTHOLD ): H. Res. 640. A resolution expressing support for the designation of December 3, 2017, as the ‘‘National Day of 3D Printing’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. C
OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, Mr. F ERGUSON , Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. N
ORTON , and Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN ): H. Res. 641. A resolution recognizing the 150th Anniversary of Morehouse College and its contributions to the United States and the world; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. WALORSKI: H. Res. 642. A resolution prohibiting the use of the Members’ Representational Allow-ance of a Member of the House of Represent-atives to pay awards, settlements, or other compensation in connection with allegations of sexual harassment or sexual misconduct by the Member or the employees of the Mem-ber’s office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 4508. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4509. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the US Constitution By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4510. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the US Constitution By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4511. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 5, Clause 2; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BLUM: H.R. 4512. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 6, Clause 1; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4513. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4514. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4515. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 4516. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 1 By Mr. FASO: H.R. 4517. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 4518. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.R. 4519. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce) By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 4520. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 The Congress shall have the power to lay and collected taxes, duties, imposts and ex-cises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 4521. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4522. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4523. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NEAL: H.R. 4524. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 4525. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 4526. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L01DE7.100 H01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H9599 December 1, 2017 
Article I, Section 8 Clause 4 ‘‘To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization, and uni-form Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ By Mr. SERRANO: H.R. 4527. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the United States Constitution related to general wel-fare of the United States. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 4528. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 4529. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power** To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian Tribes. By Mr. ROSS: H.J. Res. 122. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution of the United States, ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 140: Mr. W EBER of Texas and Mr. W
ALBERG . H.R. 632: Mr. G
OMEZ , Mr. N ADLER , and Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 644: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 667: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 807: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 820: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. M
ENG, and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 912: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 913: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. M
CGOVERN , and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 1136: Mr. G
IANFORTE . H.R. 1164: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 1271: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1552: Mr. W
OMACK . H.R. 1563: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 1569: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. S OTO, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , and Mr. H UFFMAN . H.R. 1836: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 1872: Mr. H
IMES and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 1874: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 1987: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. B EYER . H.R. 2147: Mr. P
OCAN and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 2215: Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. L OWENTHAL . H.R. 2234: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2261: Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2340: Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 2401: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 2421: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 2431: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2472: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2589: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 2640: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2790: Mr. P
AYNE . H.R. 2852: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2902: Mr. F
OSTER . H.R. 2953: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 3032: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. C OHEN , and Ms. M
ATSUI . H.R. 3095: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3223: Mr. F
ERGUSON . H.R. 3395: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 3512: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 3576: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3596: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. B ACON , Mr. F
ERGUSON , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 3642: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 3695: Mr. S
CHRADER . H.R. 3712: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 3768: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 3770: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 3790: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 3793: Mr. C
OOK. H.R. 3881: Mr. V
ALADAO , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. D
ENHAM , and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 3956: Mr. G
OODLATTE . H.R. 4022: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. H
ULTGREN , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 4057: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 4084: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. D ELBENE, and Ms. J
ACKSON LEE. H.R. 4099: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 4143: Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. F ASO, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, and Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 4155: Ms. J
AYAPAL and Mr. W ALZ. H.R. 4179: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. L EE, Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 4198: Mr. D
OGGETT , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. Q
UIGLEY . H.R. 4202: Mr. H
ULTGREN and Mr. B
ARLETTA . H.R. 4223: Mr. D
ENHAM and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4240: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 4253: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 4300: Mr. C
OOKand Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4306: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 4328: Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 4342: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 4392: Mr. P
OLIS, Mr. C OOK, Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. T AYLOR , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S IMP-
SON, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 4396: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S HEA-POR-
TER, Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California. H.R. 4404: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 4410: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 4431: Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 4444: Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, and Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 4459: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 4460: Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 4465: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 4473: Mr. C
ROWLEY and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 4478: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. L
OBIONDO , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY  of Florida, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Mr. T URNER , Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. G
OWDY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. H URD, Mr. C
ALVERT , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 4485: Mr. E
VANS , Mrs. D INGELL , and Mr. O’H
ALLERAN . H.R. 4494: Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Flor- ida, Mr. S
ANFORD , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. L
ATTA , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. B
UCHANAN . H.R. 4505: Ms. F
UDGE . H.J. Res. 121: Mr. D
UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. R OYBAL - A
LLARD , Mr. P AYNE , and Mr. G OMEZ . H. Con. Res. 81: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H. Res. 576: Mr. W
ILLIAMS . H. Res. 610: Mr. M
AST. H. Res. 632: Mr. M
CGOVERN . f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
68. The SPEAKER presented a petition of State Senator Laura Murphy, relative to Senate Resolution No. 546, supporting the priority of the United States to bring every fallen service member home; which was re-ferred jointly to the Committees on Rules and Armed Services. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 5 by MS. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO on House Reso-lution 508: Mr. Amodei. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:08 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE7.018 H01DEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7653 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 1, 2017 No. 196 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, You have truly been good to us. Even when we stumble and fall, Your mercy continues to sustain us. Lead our lawmakers to realize that the abilities You have given them are maximized only when they are used for Your purposes. Show them the best way to use their talents and opportuni-ties to honor and serve You and hu-manity. May our Senators this day speak words that are constructive and help-ful, bringing encouragement as well as vision to their labors. Give them the wisdom to know Your will and the courage to do it. Let Your presence be felt in this Chamber and everywhere on Earth. We pray in Your Holy Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of H.R. 1, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
Pending: 
McConnell (for Hatch/Murkowski) amend-ment No. 1618, of a perfecting nature. Baldwin motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Finance, with instructions. Wyden (for Nelson) motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Finance, with in-structions. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
ORDER FOR RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF  
THE CHAIR  
Mr. GARDNER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that following the remarks of the Senator from Wis-consin, the Senate stand in recess sub-ject to the call of the chair. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. 
GOVERNMENT FUNDING  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, before I address the issue of taxes, let me address the matter of the govern-ment funding bill. We are now only a week away from a government shutdown, which, to re-mind my colleagues, could cost our economy thousands of jobs and billions of dollars, as it did in 2013. I think a government shutdown is something we all desperately want to avoid, Demo-crats and Republicans—I talked to some of my colleagues this morning— with the exception, it seems, of the President. This morning’s Washington Post re-ports that President Trump has told his confidantes that a government shutdown could be good for him politi-cally and that he has asked friends about how a shutdown would affect him politically. It is disappointing but maybe not surprising that President Trump appears to be putting politics before the well-being of the American people. As President, the welfare of the American people should always come first—always. We have a lot of things to accomplish by the end of the year, and a govern-ment spending deal is particularly im-portant for our men and women in uni-form, as well as a host of programs that create jobs and boost the econ-omy. The President talks about defending the troops and then threatens a shut-down. It is a contradiction—a con-tradiction—and I am sure our generals would tell him that even playing around with the possibility of seques-ter and shutting down the government is no good for our armed services, as well as for the rest of the country. We should all be focused on avoiding a government shutdown. Certainly Democrats will be working with our Republican colleagues in Congress to that end. I think our Republican col-leagues agree. I hope they won’t suc-cumb to President Trump’s whim based on a political decision and not on what is good for America. President Trump must change his tune—and soon—if he wants to be a constructive partner in those discussions rather than the focal point of blame. Madam President, on taxes, my Re-publican friends have stretched into day 2 of their debate on the bill, which still lacks resolution on some critical issues. After promising over the past few months that their tax bill would pay for itself through economic growth, the Joint Committee on Taxation came out with a report yesterday that showed that these promises were unfounded, way off the mark. Even considering economic growth, the Republican tax bill will add roughly $1 trillion to the deficit. And many economists have said 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.000 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7654 December 1, 2017 
that this dynamic scoring doesn’t work at all. Here, the JCT gave credence to the theory of dynamic scoring but then came out with a number that was not the kind of wild exaggerations we are hearing from the Secretary of the Treasury, from the President, and from some of our Republican colleagues, particularly those of the Club for Growth bent. Earlier in this debate, Republicans claimed that this would be a tax cut for everybody and that nobody in the middle class is going to get a tax in-crease. Independent analyses show that these claims were not valid, and to their credit, some Republicans cor-rected the record. Now Republicans have gotten the ‘‘dynamic scoring’’ they have de-manded for years. They are in charge. They put dynamic scoring in place. It is still not good enough. As recently as this week, the Republican leader and others claimed that this bill would not add to the deficit. We know now that even under the dynamic scoring meth-od the Republican Party asked for and received, this bill would add $1 trillion to the deficit. All of the claims that tax cuts for the wealthy and corpora-tions will pay for themselves were not correct. It is time for my Republican friends to admit the error and come clean with the American people. The fact that we received the dy-namic score only a day before a final vote on the bill shows just how fool-hardy it is to rush a bill like this through. From press reports, we know that the Republicans are making the pass-through provisions more generous, wid-ening what was already a gargantuan tax loophole for wealthy business own-ers. Why should wealthy business own-ers pay a significantly lower rate on their personal income, because they are paying no corporate tax if they use the passthrough, than the average American? That is what this bill does. Hedge funds, big fancy law firms, and lobbyist firms would all get a lower rate than the average American be-cause of the passthrough. The average American who makes $100,000, $200,000 is already paying in the 30-percent range. From press reports—you would think that maybe Republicans would be con-cerned by the many reports that their bill increases taxes on 60 percent of middle-class families by the end of the day. No. Instead, the holdout Repub-licans are concerned that this bill isn’t generous enough to corporations and wealthy business owners. So now the Republican leadership is working to fix that. In the waning hours, this bill is tilting even further toward business, even further away from families. Every time the choice is between big corpora-tions and families, the Republicans choose the big corporations. And still no one knows what the final bill will look like. Why on Earth wouldn’t you want to spend more than a few hours looking at a bill of this magnitude? What might have been snuck in? What might have been changed by mistake—an innocent mis-take? There are so many reasons to not rush this bill through, but we know why it is being done. We know why Re-publican Members will only have a few hours at most to read the draft legisla-tion before voting on it. Notching a political win, I would say to my colleagues, isn’t a good enough reason to throw common sense and leg-islative responsibility out the window. Notching a political win isn’t a good enough reason to raise taxes and pre-miums on millions of middle-classes families when there is a much better bill to be had by working in a bipar-tisan way, Democrats and Republicans, across the aisle, together. My Repub-lican friends must know that ‘‘we need-ed to notch a political win’’ isn’t a good enough excuse for a constituent who asks why you voted to raise their taxes but slash them for big corpora-tions. Today may be the first day of the new Republican Party—one that raises taxes on the middle class. The one thing Republicans always promised the middle class is, we are not going to raise your taxes. A good number of my colleagues from the other side of the aisle—the junior Senator from Texas— I heard him talk about it—said he doesn’t want to raise taxes on any mid-dle-class person, but this bill does it. The Republican Party is abandoning its long-held principles to please its po-litical pay masters. It is a bad move for the Republicans, as well as a bad move for America. Again, ‘‘we needed to notch a polit-ical win’’ is going to be no excuse when your constituents complain that they are getting the short end of the stick in this tax bill and wealthy corpora-tions, the richest people, are not. Democrats remain united against any middle-class tax increase, and we will fight to reverse that. The stakes are too high. Our economy is already stacked against working men and women. Corporate profits and stocks have reached alltime highs. The top 1 percent capture 20 percent of the na-tional income—higher than at any time in our history since the roaring twenties. Meanwhile, for too many Americans, the American dream is slipping away. Hard-working Americans who get up every morning worried about paying the bills, making the mortgage pay-ment, the tuition payment, the healthcare bill, are not getting the help they need in this bill. Instead, it is going to the wealthiest, biggest cor-porations on a theory of trickle-down, which almost everyone accepts and rightwing economists agree has never made sense. Any moral tax bill would focus on giving a leg up to middle-class Ameri-cans, to working class Americans. In-stead, this bill directs the lion’s share of its benefits to those at the very top—the already wealthy, the already powerful. It makes healthcare less af-fordable and less accessible. It will de-prive the government of the resources needed to support the military, sci-entific research, education, and infra-structure. The hole it blows in the deficit will— make no mistake—endanger Social Se-curity, Medicare, and Medicaid. Repub-licans, including President Trump, have openly admitted that they will seek changes in this program after the tax bill. Senator S
ANDERS has outlined eloquently how dangerous this bill is to the future of Social Security and Medi-care. I know our Republican colleagues who came down to argue against him were all on the defensive. All the things our President and Re-publicans say they wanted to do are not happening. And this bill moves in the opposite direction—not only on helping the wealthy and not helping the middle class in the way it needs to but also in endangering Social Security and Medicare. Most insidious of all, the bill hides a ticking time bomb of mid-dle-class tax hikes at the center of our Tax Code. Who would want to vote for that? Many of my Republican friends feel that the hard right—big, wealthy cor-porate interests—will put these ads on TV saying that this bill helps the mid-dle class. It is not going to work. When the middle class gets a tax increase, they are going to know why, and they are going to know whom to blame, and these ads will have faded into the air. Today, my Republican friends can choose to cement their party as the party that raises taxes on the middle class. It will be a dramatic turning point in a downward spiral for the Re-publicans and something they have never believed in before. But Repub-licans have an alternative. They can step back from the brink and work with Democrats on a bipartisan tax re-form bill to deliver across-the-board tax relief to the middle class, a bill that makes our businesses more com-petitive while closing egregious cor-porate loopholes and that grows our economy without adding a penny to the deficit. Bipartisan tax reform—not this cyn-ical bill, not this partisan exercise, not this bill that seems to please the 1 per-cent but not the rest of America—is possible but only if my friends and col-leagues will abandon this bill and reach out for a better kind of politics. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Ms. BALDWIN. Madam President, I rise to offer motion to do something that this tax plan fails to do: make good on President Trump’s promise to close the carried interest tax loophole. This motion has the support of Sen-ators W
HITEHOUSE , DONNELLY , and V AN H
OLLEN . I think we need to make our tax sys-tem simpler and fairer for hard-work-ing families, businesses—particularly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.002 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7655 December 1, 2017 
small businesses—and manufacturers, and that is what I have been working for. Unfortunately, this is not the plan being presented today by Senate Re-publicans. Let’s be honest with the American people. This bill is largely a tax give-away to the wealthiest few and big cor-porations, while millions of middle- class families will get a tax hike. With this partisan bill from across the aisle, big corporations get permanent tax breaks—permanent—while middle-class families will see tax increases. In fact, most Americans earning less than $75,000 a year will see tax increases. That is simply not fair. It is also not fair that the top 1 per-cent will end up with over 60 percent of the benefits, and in exchange, 13 mil-lion more will lose health insurance. Healthcare premiums will increase by 10 percent, and Medicare and Medicaid have been put on the chopping block to pay for it. In addition, with the Senate Repub-lican plan, powerful corporations can still deduct their State and local taxes, but they completely eliminate the State and local tax deduction for indi-vidual taxpayers. This deduction en-sures households aren’t taxed twice by the Federal Government on money they have already paid in State and local taxes, including property taxes. But with the current Senate plan, nearly one in three Wisconsinites will lose their personal income, sales, and property tax deductions. A recent study shows that it could decrease the value of home ownership. The average deduction in Wisconsin is $11,653, and nearly $10 billion of Wisconsinites’ pay-checks would be subject to a double tax—all to pay for a plan that favors those at the top. What is more, by the latest estimation from our own con-gressional scorekeeper, this plan will add $1 trillion—$1 trillion—to our def-icit, breaking our promise to the next generation and sticking them with the bill. Our Tax Code ought to reward hard work more than it rewards wealth. It doesn’t do that today, and it will not do that tomorrow if this bill passes. In fact, this Republican plan’s primary purpose is to reward Fortune 500 cor-porations who will simply reward the wealth of shareholders, not the hard work that drives productivity and growth across our economy. The primary promise of this legisla-tion makes the same promise that has not been kept to workers for decades. Trickle-down economics has not worked in the past, and it is not going to work now. American workers know that. But my colleagues, rushing to pass this legislation, don’t seem to care, because the only thing that mat-ters is delivering for donors, who have too much power and influence in Wash-ington. I want to see loopholes closed, like the one that favors Wall Street hedge funds and allows them to pay a lower tax rate than many Wisconsin workers pay. Earlier this year, I introduced the Carried Interest Fairness Act to close the carried interest tax loophole for millionaires and billionaires on Wall Street. The carried interest loophole allows certain investment managers to take advantage of the preferential 20 per-cent long-term capital gains tax rates on the income they get for managing other people’s money, rather than the ordinary income tax rates of up to 39.6 percent that American workers pay. My legislation closes the carried inter-est tax loophole by ensuring that in-come earned by managing other peo-ple’s money is taxed at the same ordi-nary income tax rates as the vast ma-jority of working Americans pay. As a candidate, President Trump in-cluded closing the carried interest tax loophole in his tax reform plan. While campaigning in Detroit last year, he said: ‘‘We will eliminate the carried in-terest deduction and other special in-terest loopholes that have been so good for Wall Street investors, and for peo-ple like me, but unfair to American workers.’’ Then this May, after being asked why his tax reform outline didn’t mention carried interest after campaigning on its closure, the President responded by saying: 
It’s out. Done . . . carried interest was great for me, but carried interest was unfair and it’s gone. 
I agree that it is unfair and it should be eliminated. However, it is not gone with this legislation. This loophole for Wall Street is still in the bill. Why? Is it because my Republican colleagues on the other side of the aisle simply do not believe a word this President says? Is it because Wall Street lobbyists, big banks, and hedge funds have such a grip on Washington? Is it because these are the very donors that this legisla-tion is meant to serve with a win? Today I am offering a motion to close the carried interest tax loophole once and for all. It is simply unfair for Wis-consin workers to pay higher income tax rates than a billionaire hedge fund on Wall Street. If you agree, you will support this motion. If you want to help President Trump keep his promises to the Amer-ican people, you will support this mo-tion. Let’s do right by the American people and close this tax loophole for the wealthy on Wall Street. Let’s make sure that our Tax Code rewards hard work as much as it currently rewards wealth. If that isn’t simple and fair, I don’t know what is. I yield the floor. 
f 
RECESS SUBJECT TO THE CALL OF THE CHAIR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Thereupon, the Senate, at 10:36 a.m., recessed subject to the call of the Chair and reassembled at 11:34 a.m. when called to order by the Presiding Officer (Mrs. CAPITO ). 
f 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT— CONTINUED The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. NELSON. Madam President, the matter that is before the Senate is the motion I have offered. It simply is, in this tax bill, the corporate rate is re-duced from 35 percent down to 20 per-cent, and that is permanent, but the modest, middle-class tax breaks are not permanent, and in 7 or 8 years they cease to exist. They sunset. So, in this tax bill, you want to give permanent, huge corporate cuts, from 35 down to 20. By the way, if the American cor-poration is doing business overseas, it is basically a zero tax rate, which is an incentive to go overseas, send jobs overseas. American jobs are lost while giving those huge corporate breaks at the same time it is giving modest breaks to the very people who need the tax cuts; that is, hard-working Amer-ican families, the middle class. Then, oh, by the way, in 7 or 8 years, va-moose, it is gone, no tax break. It goes back up. It is a tax increase. That is simply not fair. So this little motion simply says go back to the Finance Committee and correct this inequity. Go back to the Finance Committee, make the middle- class tax cuts permanent, and then get the Finance Committee to offset those with revenue from someplace. Do you know where that someplace should be? It ought to be the huge corporate tax cuts. That is where the revenue ought to be taken back from to give that rev-enue or tax cuts to the middle class. It is a simple issue of fairness. I am delighted to be joined by my colleague from Minnesota. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Ms. KLOBUCHAR. Madam President, I thank Senator N
ELSON for his leader-ship on this motion. It is a very simple motion for a very simple proposition; that is, that the Tax Code should be simpler. That is true. We should make it more streamlined. That is true, but our focus should be helping the people of America. Our problem with the bill that is on the floor right now is that it is weight-ed much too heavily in terms of help-ing the wealthiest among us and not the middle class. Senator N
ELSON ’s amendment, which I am a proud co-sponsor of, gets right to the meat of this, to the bread and butter, to help-ing the middle class with their gro-ceries—since I used meat and bread and butter—but also with their mortgages, with paying for college, with every-thing they need to do. Our problem with the bill right now is that too much of it goes to the top. In fact, when you look at the num-bers, it is quite startling. The first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.004 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7656 December 1, 2017 
thing you notice for the middle class is that $1.4 trillion in additional debt comes out of this bill. Now, our col-leagues were claiming until yesterday, well, that is going to be offset with all this economic growth we are going to see. What did we find out? Even when you consider that—and this is by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Tax-ation that looked at this. They are like the umpire. They do the scorecard. They looked at this, and they said: Yes, it is about 1.4, $1.5 trillion in debt. It does produce some economic growth, but guess what. The net is over a tril-lion dollars in debt. Now, whose shoulder is that going to be on? That debt is going to be on the middle class and their kids and their grandkids, and that is the No. 1 reason why I am so concerned about this bill and why I stood with 17 other Demo-crats, including Senator N
ELSON , just this last week and said: Come to the table. This is your moment for our col-leagues on the Republican side of the aisle. While the White House is busy sending out tweets and going after this person and that person and this group and that group, someone has to govern, and this is their moment to govern, to work with us on a bill that doesn’t add this debt that gives the middle class more than just a lump of debt in their stocking. What Senator N
ELSON ’s amendment smartly does is, it says: Let’s go back and actually have hearings. Let’s go back and in a deficit-neutral manner help the middle class. That is what we have to do. Even though we appeared to be very close to voting on this bill, we still don’t know what exactly is in the final version of this bill. We know what isn’t in it. Where is this Buffett rule that would make it more fair for everyone? What are we doing about the oil give-aways? What are we doing about the carried interest loophole? None of this is in the bill. Instead, there is $1.4 tril-lion in debt. So that is why I strongly support Senator N
ELSON ’s amendment. I would also add other amendments that should be considered that I have submitted: savings for servicemembers to help lower the out-of-pocket costs for National Guard members, an amendment that would help address the cost millions of people face when they are providing elder care for loved ones, an amendment that would make it easier to use 529 education savings accounts to help workers develop the skills they need for 21st century jobs, and also other ones related to agri-culture. Senator N
ELSON ’s amendment and all these amendments are geared and fo-cused on the middle class. We are liv-ing in a time when the wealthier have been getting wealthier and the middle class have been losing ground. They may have jobs now because our econ-omy has rebounded, but the cost of things has gotten so expensive, wheth-er it is their cable bill, whether it is the cost of sending their kids to col-lege, and, with this tax bill this is our opportunity to address that. A tax bill should be the value state-ment for our government, the value statement for America. So I ask my colleagues to come back to the table, to come back to the table to talk about a bill that would bring down that cor-porate rate. I am all in favor of that. I have 18 Fortune 500 companies. I know how important they are to jobs in my State, but they don’t have to go down to the extreme rate that they are. Instead, that money should be used to help the middle class, while bringing down the corporate rate, while bringing in that money from overseas and plugging some of it into this Nation’s infrastructure to literally help us with the roads and bridges and rail we have now, but that isn’t in this bill. So we tell our colleagues this is a moment in time where you could actu-ally work with us on something that makes sense for America. Don’t squan-der it. I appreciate the time from Senator NELSON and his leadership. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Mississippi. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, on behalf of the majority, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, we yield back all time as well. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the Nelson motion to commit. Mr. WICKER. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 290 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young The motion was rejected. 
VOTE ON MOTION TO COMMIT  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Baldwin motion to commit. Mr. BARRASSO. Madam President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 291 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. K
EN-
NEDY ). The Senator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator C
ARDIN be recognized to offer a motion to commit, which is at the desk, and that the time until 2 p.m. be equally divided in the usual form on the mo-tion; further, that at 2 p.m., the Senate vote in relation to the motion with no intervening action or debate. I further ask that following disposition of the motion, the majority leader or his des-ignee be recognized. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Maryland. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I have a motion at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The bill clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.006 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7657 December 1, 2017 
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. CARDIN] moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Com-mittee on Finance of the Senate with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) in order to fix and enhance our coun-try’s infrastructure, help create jobs, and re-sponsibly use one-time revenue for one-time spending, designate the revenue raised by the deemed repatriation provisions of the bill for infrastructure improvements. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I urge my colleagues to support this motion. This motion will send H.R. 1 back to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to return it within 3 days to deal with one of the principal purposes of this act, and that is to create jobs. I am pleased that I am joined in this ef-fort by Senators F
EINSTEIN , B
LUMENTHAL , U DALL , C ASEY , S TABE -
NOW, KLOBUCHAR , and H ARRIS . As I explained yesterday—but I want to just go over this, if I could—this particular motion is based upon a bi-partisan recommendation in the last Congress that came out of the Senate Finance Committee. We had working groups that took a look at the different aspects of our Tax Code in areas that we need to reform, and there was gen-eral agreement that we need to deal with the fact that American companies have earned earnings overseas, and they have parked those funds overseas and have not brought them back to the United States because of the differen-tial tax rates between our corporate taxes and the tax rates overseas. The American companies were not willing to pay the taxes. So, therefore, they leave the money overseas. To bring that money back is called repatriation. So the money comes back to the United States. We have done this be-fore, and we imposed a lower tax rate in order to get the money back here in the United States. The challenge with that proposal is a couple things. But, first, it is not a per-manent revenue flow. It is a one-time- only revenue flow. We had the numbers on the House-passed bill, which would bring in somewhere around $300 billion of one-time-only revenue. The problem is that H.R. 1 includes provisions that use those revenues that bring that in as repatriation but uses the money on a permanent basis to give permanent tax relief to businesses and that puts us deeper in a hole as it relates to the deficit of this country. This bill already is too expensive. We know that. I think my Republican col-leagues know that. The American pub-lic knows that—that it will add to the deficit. We now have not only the scores that we traditionally use from the Joint Committee on Taxation as to how much it would cost, and we know it is somewhere in excess of $1.5 tril-lion—closer to $2 trillion if you extend all the sunsets that are in the bill— but, even now, we have the so-called dynamic score that takes into consid-eration predicted economic changes that try to make it more favorable, and that is in excess of $1 trillion. That is unacceptable. It should be unaccept-able to every Member of this body. This amendment will help us in doing that, in that it will take at least the $300 billion, which is one-time-only revenue, and not allow it to be used in the budget itself. Instead, we wall that off and use it for infrastructure. I serve on the Environment and Pub-lic Works Committee, in addition to the Senate Finance Committee. I can tell you that the unmet transportation needs, water infrastructure needs, and energy infrastructure needs in this country are well documented. We know we need to modernize our transit sys-tems, our roads, our bridges, our water infrastructure, and our energy infra-structure. We need to modernize them, particularly if we are going to be com-petitive. This motion will set up the right priority for modernizing Amer-ica’s infrastructure. What does that mean with regard to jobs? Speaker R
YANused the number of a little less than 1 million jobs that are created spending $1.5 trillion. That is about $1.5 million per job. That is not very good by anyone’s standards. We have projections that $300 billion—far less than $1.5 trillion—will create 4 million great jobs here in America. Here is a chance to really create jobs but at the same time produce a much more up-to-date, modern transpor-tation system for this country. I have the honor of representing Maryland in the Senate. I can tell you that we need significant resources to update our transit system. The WMATA system is old and needs improvements, and needs further investments. We are in the sec-ond worst congested area here in Wash-ington. We need investments in roads. Our bridges are in serious trouble. We have a major water main break every day in this country—every day. We need billions of dollars to fix our water infrastructure. Here is an opportunity for us to speak to two major priorities. One is fiscal responsibility. Let’s do this in the right way, not spend one-time-only money. Two, we can take care of the international tax problems of Amer-ican companies that have money over-seas. Third, we can repair our infra-structure without raising the debt. I urge my colleagues to support this motion so that we can really create jobs and not add to the deficit and to help the people of this country. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Washington. Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I come to the floor this afternoon to speak on behalf of myself, along with Senator W
YDEN , about the incredible healthcare impacts that this tax bill will have on families. It is astonishing just how far my Re-publican colleagues are willing to run from the truth in order to jam this ter-rible tax bill through Congress. They said it was going to lower taxes for the middle class. Well, it will not. They claim it is going to create jobs. Experts tell us the exact opposite. They are once again telling families to place their faith on tired trickle- down economic theories, and we have seen how that works. It doesn’t. Unfortunately, I could go on, but I did come to the floor this afternoon to clear up any remaining confusion about one particular claim that Senate Republicans are making in order to justify handing more tax breaks to massive corporations and the wealthy. The Senate Republican tax bill in-cludes a truly devastating healthcare change that is going to raise families’ premiums, cause millions of people to lose their coverage, and create even more chaos and instability in our healthcare markets. People have re-jected every single Republican attempt this year to undermine their healthcare, so it is worth asking, why are they doing it again? Why are Re-publicans doing it in this bill? The an-swer is simple. Republicans wanted to spend the savings from taking away millions of people’s healthcare on tax cuts for those at the top. Taking healthcare away from fami-lies to pay for big corporations’ tax breaks is bad enough; what makes it even worse is how they are trying to deny what they are doing. Senate Republicans are claiming that if they pass the bipartisan bill that Chairman ALEXANDER and I agreed on, all the damage from the healthcare sabotage in their tax bill will somehow go away. They couldn’t be more wrong. Our bill, the Alexander-Murray bill, was designed to shore up the existing healthcare system and deal with the problems that President Trump and Republicans already created, not to solve the new problems in this awful Republican tax bill. And just yester-day, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office confirmed that. Here is what they said will happen regardless of whether Alexander-Murray becomes law as well: Premiums will go up 10 percent each year, 13 million people will lose coverage, and markets will be even more unstable, which experts have said will cause some of our com-munities to lose their coverage op-tions. There has been some discussion on whether passing something called rein-surance, which is a program designed to help with the cost of enrolling the sickest patients, might mitigate the serious damage this Republican tax bill would do. The answer is no there as well. This policy is good policy on its own, but it will not stop the premium increases, and it will not stop the cov-erage losses and the chaos this Repub-lican tax bill will cause. The Republicans are doing every-thing they can to avoid the facts, but that doesn’t make them go away. While hiding behind these bipartisan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.003 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7658 December 1, 2017 
bills might seem like a good talking point in Washington, DC, political cover doesn’t pay families’ medical bills or give them their coverage back. It does not help people with preexisting conditions who may get priced out of the market. It doesn’t help people in communities where markets are al-ready unstable thanks to President Trump’s year of sabotage, meaning in-surers are ready to exit if things get worse. One more point. Over the last year of roller coasters on healthcare, there is one thing we could count on; that is, President Trump and the Republican leaders making empty promises. Re-publicans who are comfortable voting for this awful tax bill because of prom-ises they got from President Trump— who called his own TrumpCare bill ‘‘mean’’ when it suited him—and Re-publican leaders who have written check after check they couldn’t cash on healthcare are placing a bet that is more than risky. In fact, this bet is so risky, it requires House Republicans voting in favor of supporting ObamaCare changes they have already said they oppose. If you have spent 5 minutes in this Congress, you should know that getting House Republicans to support ObamaCare is as tough a sell as it gets. The truth is, if Republicans are seri-ous about not undermining families’ healthcare, there is a very easy way for them to actually do that. They can step back from the brink right now and work with Democrats on healthcare and taxes in ways that actually help, not hurt, the people we are supposed to be here to serve. They are far down the road, I understand, but it is not too late. They can turn around. It is not too late to do the right thing. That is what we are asking. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to pick up where Senator M
URRAY left off and emphasize to colleagues that not only would this bill raise taxes on mil-lions of middle-class families, but it would also be a dagger in the heart of the Affordable Care Act, causing mil-lions to lose their coverage and raise costs for millions more. By gutting the personal responsibility portion of the Affordable Care Act, this legislation is going to take America back to the days when healthcare was for the healthy and wealthy because it will green-light once more discriminating against those with preexisting conditions. It will say the insurance companies can go out and beat the stuffing out of somebody who has a preexisting condi-tion. If that is not enough, evidence this morning in the paper shows that this will trigger a new wave of health insur-ance scams and rip-offs that are going to harm our people. This morning in the paper, they talked about how this is going to encourage these cheap, junk, short-term health insurance poli-cies, which often lack consumer pro-tections and in so many instances have been a magnet for fraud and unscrupu-lous sales practices. For example, the paper this morning talked about how—I will read it. ‘‘Ex-amples abound of people who are dumped from such policies’’—these short-term policies—‘‘or denied cov-erage, mired in debt and medical bills totaling thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars.’’ It documents the various sales tactics used to rip people off. I remember what those tac-tics were like. When I was director of the senior citizens, the Gray Panthers, at home, it was common for agents to sell policy after policy that was not worth much more than the paper it was written on. It sure sounds to me as though these short-term policies, while a different time, are going to encour-age the same kinds of rip-off practices that are going to harm our people. As we have touched on, we have heard from Senators on the other side that they think that if they vote for this bill, what they are going to be able to do is get two other bills that some-how will mitigate, will eliminate a lot of the harm this horribly flawed bill is going to do. It is going to harm mil-lions of middle-class families who don’t get a fair shake in the marketplace and then inflict all this damage on healthcare that I just described. I happen to think these two bills are constructive bills. The Alexander-Mur-ray bill will make payments that will help limit the amount low-income Americans pay for health insurance. Our colleagues, Senators COLLINS and N
ELSON , have another constructive idea—reinsurance money. That helps to stabilize the insurance market, which, by the way, the President of the United States has worked so hard to desta-bilize. The fact is, the Congressional Budget Office, which is the nonpartisan group of experts we use, has made it clear that these two bills will not even come close to wiping out the disastrous consequences of the health provisions in this bill that the Senate is about to vote for. I want to be clear. This is not just a tax bill, not just a bill with handouts to multinational corporations and a grab bag full of goodies for campaign supporters and powerful, well-con-nected interests. It is not just that. It is a big step backward in the cause of making sure that all our people have affordable, accessible healthcare. What we ought to be doing is looking at ways to come together and find com-mon ground on provisions that we know are cost-effective, things like the children’s health bill, which if I had my way would have been passed a long time ago, and community health cen-ters and other vital provisions. We should be building on what we have, such as holding down the cost of phar-maceuticals, for example, targeting the middlemen who are at the heart of the problem. That is what we ought to be doing. We should not be doing what is on offer this morning. What is on offer this morning is turning back the clock on American healthcare, turning back the clock to those dark days when the insurance companies could beat the stuffing out of somebody who had a preexisting condition. We are better than that. We still have time. As I have said on the floor, as the ranking Demo-crat on the Finance Committee, we still have time to choose a different course. A few days ago, 17 Democratic Senators—led by Senators MANCHIN , K
AINE, DONNELLY , and H EITKAMP —came together and said: We want to find common ground on taxes. I have writ-ten two bipartisan, comprehensive Fed-eral income tax bills, the most recent one with a member of the President’s Cabinet. We don’t have to go this route. We don’t have to go this route on taxes. We certainly don’t have to do it on healthcare. There are approaches that would bring us together, and I have just described several of them. What I know we shouldn’t do is turn back the clock to the days when healthcare in America was for the healthy and wealthy. That is what you get when you green-light discrimination against people with preexisting conditions. If they are healthy, no problem. If they are wealthy, they can take care of it. We should reject this bill and espe-cially the provisions that relate to healthcare and that take America back to dark days, horrible days when healthcare in America was essentially for the healthy and wealthy. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, it is no secret that I am strongly opposed to this disastrous, unfair, and destructive piece of legislation that we are debat-ing today that will give massive tax breaks to the wealthiest people in our country, to the most profitable cor-porations, and to billionaire campaign contributors. What really concerns me is that we are debating, as everybody acknowl-edges, a very complicated and con-fusing piece of legislation that is over 500 pages long. Here we are a few hours before we are going to be voting on this legislation, and nobody has seen it. No-body even knows what is in this legis-lation. It is probably being written as we speak right now. That is not a very effective or intelligent way to deal with legislation that impacts every American and trillions of dollars. One of the concerns I have as we look at this bill is that there are provisions in it that nobody really understands in terms of whom it impacts and whom it benefits. As one example, buried in this legislation, on page 503, section 14504, is a paragraph entitled ‘‘Modification to Source Rules Involving Posses-sions.’’ That is the title of that section. What does that mean? As best we can understand, it means that if you are a hedge fund manager who is a resident 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.010 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7659 December 1, 2017 
of the Virgin Islands, you will be able to get a major tax break on capital gains and a 90-percent reduction in tax liability on your income. It has been estimated that corpora-tions and the wealthy are avoiding over $100 billion each and every year by stashing their cash in the Caribbean and other offshore tax havens. It ap-pears that this provision will make a bad situation even worse. In adding in-sult to injury, it appears that this pro-vision may help only a handful of wealthy hedge fund managers who have claimed residency in the Virgin Is-lands. It has been estimated that this provision alone—one provision in a 500- plus page bill—will cost over $600 mil-lion in lost revenue in the next dec-ade—$600 million in lost revenue when we have a $20 trillion debt and 40 mil-lion people who are living in poverty. Now, I see no Republican Senators on the floor, but I am sure that staff is watching this discussion. I have a ques-tion that I would like to discuss with Senator W
YDEN but, more importantly, with some of our Republican col-leagues. What I would like to ask my Repub-lican colleagues is whether there has been a hearing on the need to provide tax breaks to wealthy hedge fund man-agers who have established residency in the Caribbean. I would say to my friend from Oregon that there are a lot of problems facing our country—a declining middle class, 40 million people living in poverty, 28 million people having no health insur-ance. I am not aware that one of the great crises facing this country is the need to provide tax breaks to wealthy hedge fund managers who have estab-lished residency in the Caribbean. It may be one of those great national cri-ses that I have missed, but I don’t quite perceive it as being an issue that the American people seem to be deeply concerned about. I hope that my Republican col-leagues—maybe Senator H
ATCH or oth-ers—will come to the floor and tell us who this provision benefits. Are we talking about one hedge fund manager? Are we talking about two? Are we talk-ing about three hedge fund managers who are going to divvy up some $600 million in tax breaks over the next dec-ade? I ask my colleague from Oregon, who is the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee, his thoughts on the issue. Mr. WYDEN. I am very pleased that my colleague from Vermont is dis-cussing this issue on the floor. The Fi-nance Democratic staff has been look-ing into this and has been working also with the Senator’s staff, and I think that it would be fair to say that every few hours, this bill just seems to get worse. I mean, we don’t know if, in the middle of the night, somebody will add another round of favors for the power-ful interests, the politically well con-nected. What I can tell the Senator is what we have been able to put together as of now. In 2004, legislation was written that we were very much involved in that helped eliminate the loophole by re-quiring U.S. citizens to be bona fide residents of the Virgin Islands and im-posing U.S. tax on income effectively connected with the United States. Now, in the dark of night, as I have in-dicated, it appears that we have a pro-vision that is relaxing this rule. From our conversations, I know the Senator understands that we all want to help the people of the Virgin Islands after a devastating hurricane. Are we helping people by creating a huge, new loophole, possibly for a handful of those people who are especially well connected and can get to the Finance Committee? I am convinced that if one looks at the Paradise Papers and the Panama Papers, what they were warn-ing about in those papers was of all of these efforts to stash money and create new options for people to wheel and deal in offshore accounts. So my colleague is right. I continue to wonder why, when we want to ask these really important questions about special interest favors and when we look to the other side, we have this barrier between both sides of the aisle. We need somebody here to explain to us and explain to the American people how this has seemed to just fly out of the sky. I am very appreciative of the Sen-ator’s raising a question about what looks like yet another scam that has come into a process that has been one big sham from the beginning. I appre-ciate my colleague’s question. Mr. SANDERS. I thank the Senator very much. I would just say, according to a num-ber of independent studies, despite what President Trump and the Repub-lican leadership are saying, the over-whelming bulk of the tax benefits in this legislation goes to the top 1 per-cent. I believe the number is 62 percent that goes to the top 1 percent. Mr. WYDEN. If my colleague will yield, there is no question he is correct that in terms of stacking the deck, this is not just stacked to the top but to the top 1 percent or a fraction of the 1 per-cent. Mr. SANDERS. You have 62 percent of the benefits going to the top 1 per-cent. Meanwhile, by the end of the dec-ade, my good friend, Senator W
YDEN  from Oregon, there is no question but that tens of millions of middle-class Americans will be paying more in taxes; is that correct? Mr. WYDEN. There is absolutely no question about that. We are looking at something like half of the middle class to be paying more in taxes come 2027. Mr. SANDERS. So here we have a na-tion today that has a grotesque level of income and wealth inequality—worse than at any time since the late 1920s. The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent, and 62 percent of all new income is going to the top 1 per-cent. The Republicans’ solution is to make this grotesque inequality even worse by giving 62 percent of the tax benefits to the top 1 percent. I want to get back to this one point. I suspect that when you rush a bill of this magnitude through the U.S. Sen-ate when there have been virtually no hearings, no experts, no real ability to have significant debate and discussion at the committee level, what you are going to find the day after this bill is passed are absolutely outrageous provi-sions. I suspect—I don’t know, and I would like my Republican colleagues to help us here; I cannot verify because we don’t have the information—that on page 503, section 14504, there is a provi-sion that will provide $600 million in tax breaks over a 10-year period that will end up in the pockets of a handful of Wall Street hedge fund managers. That is what I suspect. Maybe I am wrong. Therefore, I hope that some of the Republicans who put this provision in the bill will tell us how this is going to benefit the people of the United States or the Virgin Islands or any-place else. Again, I am speaking to the ranking member of the Senate Finance Com-mittee, who knows something about this. Is this an issue, Senator WYDEN , that has been discussed for 1 minute? Mr. WYDEN. Not for a minute. The reason my colleague’s questions are so important is that this is, cer-tainly, an example of what seems to turn up every few hours, practically in the middle of the night. My colleague raised a very good point with respect to the development of this bill. I mean, we are talking about making $10 trillion worth of changes in tax policy on the fly—with-out a hearing. The Senator’s colleagues have said—Chairman E
NZI and the Budget Committee—and I have heard it several times on the other side—that there were 70 hearings on this bill. There was not one on this piece of leg-islation. It certainly didn’t examine this issue. It didn’t examine the ques-tion, for example, of what is going to happen to people with this dagger to the Affordable Care Act. I can tell this to my colleague be-cause he is right to talk about how one brings parties together. I know my col-league did that as part of a major bill on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee with Senator M
CCAIN. Our former col-league Bill Bradley mentioned that when he wrote a tax bill, he flew all over the country to work with Repub-licans. In this case, apropos of my col-league’s question, not only did no one do that sort of thing, but they wouldn’t even walk down the corridor to talk about working with the other side. Mr. SANDERS. Let me make two points as I wind down here. One, yesterday, I challenged my Re-publican colleagues, after this bill is passed, to tell us and tell the American people that when they rack up a deficit of $1.4 trillion, they are not going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.011 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7660 December 1, 2017 
come back and cut Social Security, Medicaid, Medicare, education, nutri-tion. Tell the American people that you are not going to balance the budget and compensate for your huge tax breaks to the rich and large corpora-tions by going after the middle class and working class of this country. I challenged my Republican col-leagues yesterday to come to the floor and tell the American people that they would not do that. They have not re-sponded to that challenge. The second challenge today is to tell us what is in section 14504, page 503. This is a provision that would provide $600 million in tax breaks to my Repub-lican colleagues. Who is going to get those tax breaks? We believe—and tell us if we are wrong; maybe we are—that we are talking about a handful of hedge fund managers. Who are they? How many of them are there? I would ask, respectfully, that Sen-ator H
ATCH or any other Republican come down to the floor and tell us who benefits from section 14504. Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague yield for a moment? Mr. SANDERS. I will. Mr. WYDEN. I want to ask the Sen-ator a question because I am not sure that we have really laid out the time-table of what is ahead. My colleague, of course, who is our ranking Democrat on the Budget Committee, is very up on this. We have all been concerned because we have seen it before. You pass these big tax cuts. You get on a sugar high for a relatively short period of time. Then the deficits start rolling in. What we see next are the cuts in the pro-grams that are a lifeline for millions of people—the anti-hunger programs, Medicaid, Medicare, Social Security. I saw comments in the paper that what my colleague is concerned about has already been announced by the Speaker of the House. I understand that what the Speaker of the House has said is that his next plan is to take up the issues of what he calls entitlement reform. They are not talking about the things that the American people care about and that I am going to hear about at townhall meetings at home this weekend—holding down the costs of prescription drugs. They are talking about rolling back the safety net— Medicaid and the anti-hunger programs and Social Security. Is that my colleague’s under-standing? Mr. SANDERS. Absolutely. That is absolutely what they will do. They will talk about saving Social Security; they will talk about entitlement reform. What they mean is cutting Social Se-curity, cutting Medicare, and cutting Medicaid. As the Senator has indicated, it is not some kind of an abstract, theo-retical idea. That is what Speaker R
YANis already talking about. More to the point, that is exactly what was in the budget that was passed here several months ago. Mr. INHOFE. Will the Senator yield for a unanimous consent request? Mr. SANDERS. I will. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that at the conclu-sion of the remarks by the Senator from Vermont, I be recognized for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection. Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to object, if I could, I don’t think the UC was granted. Mr. INHOFE. I have a point of in-quiry. Was the UC already granted— the unanimous consent request? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair said ‘‘without objection’’ because the Chair did not hear objection. Mr. WYDEN. Well, I would like to re-serve my right to object at this time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. WYDEN. Reserving my right to object, and I will not object. I would just like to make sure that our col-league from Oklahoma and our col-league from Washington are both ac-commodated in this matter. Senator SANDERS and I have finished. I believe Senator C
ANTWELL said that Senator I
NHOFE will go ahead. We thank Senator C
ANTWELL for her usual collegiality. Senator I
NHOFE will go first and I ask unanimous consent that Senator C
ANT-
WELL follow Senator I NHOFE , and I will withdraw my reservation. I withdraw my reservation and I ask unanimous consent that Senator C
ANT-
WELL follow Senator I NHOFE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, let me conclude my remarks. I would urge my Republican col-leagues to come down to the floor of the Senate and explain to the Amer-ican people what section 14504 is about and who benefits from some $600 mil-lion in tax breaks over a 10-year period. Is it two hedge fund managers? Is it five hedge fund managers? What is it? That is my request, and I hope we can get a response to that quick ques-tion as quickly as possible. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. INHOFE. Mr. President, let me pause in this class warfare for just a minute to make a couple of observa-tions that I think are certainly impor-tant to me. First of all, I agree that no one has said that the underlying bill is perfect. Incidentally, I will not respond to the Senator’s specific request until I have time to go back and get the proper re-sponse, and then I will be glad to do it. But I will say this. We are going to have a conference. There is going to be opportunity for us to go and get some of the things ironed out—some of the things we are both concerned about. There are a couple of things I want to serve notice right now that I am going to be concerned about. One is that the bill that we have punishes trust owner-ship. It doesn’t treat the trust owner-ship the same way it does ordinary ownership. I think they both should be treated equally. I talked to a number of people who will be participating in this on the other side of the aisle, and I would like to kind of serve notice that we are going to be talking about this, because I think it is very, very significant. The second thing is that we hear a lot of good ideas. Certainly, there is this idea that somehow there isn’t a good idea unless it emanates from this body. I have to tell you this. It is inter-esting for me to be standing here be-cause I am not on any of the commit-tees that have anything to do with this bill. I am not on the Finance Com-mittee, and I am not on the Budget Committee. If you want to talk about defending America and roads and high-ways, I will talk to you about that. That is my specialty. I am on those committees and have senior leadership in those committees. But as a Member not directly involved in this debate, I have looked at it and I have heard good ideas from the outside. I heard one a week ago that actually came from the Hugh Hewitt show. I heard an idea that I tried to pick apart, and I can’t find any faults with it. So I have developed an amendment that we are going to have that will address this idea that I am talking about. That amendment would offer an alternative to those who have retirement programs, where the individual is not to pay for the income until the withdrawal date—say, age 59
1⁄2. The amendment would provide that there would be a one-time opportunity to withdraw up to 25 percent of the re-tirement account for a single flat fee of 10 percent in lieu of paying income tax at that time. There are a lot of benefits that I think are pretty obvious. We are talk-ing about retirement programs where the individual is not to pay for the in-come until the withdrawal dates—let’s say, at age 59
1⁄2. This would have the immediate revenue of 10 percent of all savings that are withdrawn, and this would actually amount to billions of dollars. We are talking about imme-diate dollars, not dollars that may be there in the future. Now, you could argue that this might reduce some revenue at some future date because the individuals will have already pulled this out for a fee of 10 percent. So, perhaps, it would have some negative effects in the distant fu-ture. But when you stop to think about the benefits—I know a lot of people on the other side of the aisle don’t realize this—we are going to have huge bene-fits. If you just look at what has happened in this administration in the second and third quarter of this year, we have gone through years in the Obama ad-ministration with maybe a 1.5-percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.013 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7661 December 1, 2017 
increase in GDP, and we have enjoyed 3 percent in the second quarter and 3.3 percent in the third quarter. That is a huge increase. For each 1 percent in-crease over a period of 10 years, we are talking about $3 trillion. So we are all considering this. This amendment that we are talking about that merely allows people to take money out that is already their money is something that would have a great stimulation in the economy. I am one of the few ones who was around here—not in this body but in the other body—and I was aware of this back during the Reagan years of 1981 and 1986. In 1981, the amount of revenue that we had coming into the Federal coffers was $469 billion. Ten years later that was $750 billion. That was after the first great reduction. Let’s remem-ber that reduction took the top rates down from 70 percent to 50 percent. Again, in 1986, when the total revenue was $569 billion, there was a further re-duction. The top rate went down from 50 percent to, I believe, 28 percent. Now, with all of those reductions, that increased 10 years later from $569 billion to $1 trillion. Consequently, we know that if we can stimulate the economy, we are going to have more revenue coming in. That is a fact. I think this will be something that I think a lot of people can look at. I talk about when you get into the conference. I will not be one of the con-ferees, and I am aware of that, but there are a lot of good ideas out there along with those on the floor today. They will be pursuing them at that time. That is assuming we pass this bill, and I think we will pass it. Additionally, tax reform will ensure that American families and businesses see a meaningful reduction in their tax burden. The Senate bill provides a sub-stantial tax deduction to small and family businesses that are structured as passthrough entities. These small and family businesses are household names such as Love’s Travel Stop, the Country Stores, Hobby Lobby. We are all very familiar with Hobby Lobby. By the way, I will say that in the event there is anyone here who has not been down to see the Museum of the Bible, that is Hobby Lobby who paid for that. Those are the types of people who would benefit. Unfortunately, the Senate does not allow tax deductions for these companies or passthrough en-tities if they have trusts. This is not right. For these companies trusts were for long-term business purposes, not to evade their fair share of taxes. These companies use the income to invest capital in operations to grow their businesses, to hire people, and to con-tribute to the economic growth that we need in this country. We should not pe-nalize passthrough companies for their businesses because they are trusts. My amendment would fix that. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator C
ANT-
WELL and Senator V ANHOLLEN be al-lowed a total of 15 minutes to discuss some very important issues. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, I come to the floor with my colleague from Maryland to talk about the State and local tax deduction. I thank the ranking member of the Senate Finance Committee for his hard work on trying to articulate what is fair tax policy for Americans. Senator W
YDEN and I come from parts of the country with probably some of the most unique tax codes. He doesn’t have a sales tax in Oregon. We don’t have an income tax in Washington. We are not an expensive tax State. We are not an expensive tax State. There are other States such as Texas, Nevada, and Florida that also don’t have an income tax. Under this bill, those States and the citizens of those States, like many others, are going to be penalized. Middle-class Americans are going to have their taxes raised to give a tax break to corporations. So while we might want to discuss what is fair tax policy as it relates to the competitiveness of our economy, the good news for the people of the State of Washington is that we have very competitive businesses, whether it is Microsoft or Amazon or Starbucks or Costco or Boeing. They are all working hard. They are all working in multiple places, and yes, they are all doing real-ly, really well. The question is, Do we need to reduce their corporate rate so significantly, and to do so, take money out of the pockets of middle-class families across the United States of America? The reason I mention Senator W
YDEN  and the States of Oregon and Wash-ington, is that, even though we have a unique tax code, our State’s economy has grown faster than the national av-erage every year since World War II. That is to say, the uniqueness of our tax code has not hurt us, and yet in the State of Washington we have had the highest minimum wage for a long time in the United States. Now we are rais-ing it in various parts of our State. We have had a unique view of where our revenue should come from. Why now? Why now? After 100 years of tax deductibility by taxpayers in this country, why are you taking away their ability to deduct only to give a tax break to corporations that are making record profits? After 100 years, why are you doing this? Well, I think some of my colleagues have said it best. They have called it double-taxation. You are going ahead after 100 years and saying it is OK to tax the same amount that we pay to the State that you also are going to tax at the Federal level. As one article mentioned, ‘‘Alexander Hamilton in the Federalist Papers said the Federal Government might try to monopolize taxation to the entire exclusion and de-struction of State governments.’’ That is right. Our Founding Fathers said: Do not have double taxation. So for 100 years—100 years—we protected the citizens of this country. Yet some-one over there is thinking: Do you know what? I need $1.4 trillion. Where can I get it? Let’s do it on the backs of middle-class families, because they might not notice until 2019 when their tax bill comes and they have a dif-ferent equation. I get that my colleagues think they have solved this problem by getting rid of the deductions and now all of a sud-den giving you a double standard de-duction. I have done the math. I have done the math for us in Washington State, and over 300,000 people in Wash-ington will see their taxes go up imme-diately, probably paying anywhere from $750 to $1,000 more in taxes. Is that fair? They are sitting in the shad-ow of these large companies who are making record profits and doing quite well, asking why are they the funders of this tax break. Why are they? Why are we getting rid of a policy that has existed in our country for over 100 years and penalizing them just to give this corporate break? I can tell you I don’t buy the notion that this is going to trickle down to productivity and wage growth. I know what is driving productivity and wage growth in my State. It is a great, edu-cated, skilled workforce. It is staying ahead of innovation whether it is mak-ing software or new ways of doing busi-ness, and, yes, it is a constant chal-lenge. Those businesses tell me all the time we need more infrastructure, we need more affordable housing, we need a better transportation system, we need better education. So they are very concerned about the ideas in this legis-lation. So you are going to tax immediately about 300,000 Washingtonians with a higher tax rate and, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation and other entities, probably by the time this is done, at the end of this bill, over a million Washingtonians are going to pay more money. That is why I am so concerned, along with other States that have been fighting this battle for so long. Why now? Why now? What is the urgency that you are taking away the ability of my citizens to deduct their local sales tax, their property tax, and, in the House case, other ex-penses, whether they are medical or education or their mortgage? It is just beyond me, when the middle class has suffered so much and has not recovered from the downturn in the economy, that you think the best economic strategy is to take money out of the middle-class taxpayer. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD a letter from the National Governors Association from Governor Sandoval from Nevada. I mentioned they don’t have an income tax. They are highly sensitive to this issue. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.014 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7662 December 1, 2017 
There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL GOVERNORS ASSOCIATION , September 22, 2017. Hon. R
ICHARD NEAL, Ranking Member, Committee on Ways & Means, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M I-
NORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN, MI-
NORITY LEADER PELOSI , CHAIRMAN HATCH , R
ANKING MEMBER WYDEN , CHAIRMAN BRADY , 
AND RANKING MEMBER NEAL: The nation’s governors appreciate congressional efforts to reform and improve federal tax policy. Fed-eral and state tax systems are complex and often interconnected. Therefore, as Congress considers reforms, we urge you to maintain the balance between state and federal tax systems by preserving the income exclusion for municipal bond interest and the deduct-ibility for state and local taxes. The financing engine that drives U.S. in-frastructure is the $3.8 trillion municipal bond market. Changes to federal laws and regulations should not increase issuance costs to states for municipal bonds or dimin-ish investor demand for them. If federal changes make issuing municipal bonds cost- prohibitive for states and local governments, then fewer projects could be funded, taxes could rise, fewer jobs created, and economic growth will suffer. Governors also believe that no federal law or regulation should preempt, limit, or inter-fere with the sovereign rights of states. A mark of sovereignty includes the ability to develop and operate revenue and tax sys-tems. Deductibility of state and local taxes has contributed to the stability of state rev-enues that are essential for providing public services. We encourage you to avoid changes to the tax code that would undermine the ability of state and local governments to meet the needs of the citizens whom we all serve. Eliminating state and local tax deduct-ibility, moreover, exposes a higher share of an itemizing taxpayer’s income to federal taxation because it adds back mandatory payments of state and local taxes already paid, as taxable income. Federal tax reform requires an intergov-ernmental partnership because decisions at the federal level will affect state and local governments profoundly. We look forward to working with Congress on bipartisan tax re-form to maintain balance between our sys-tems and modernize the federal tax system to meet the needs of our citizens. Sincerely, Gov. B
RIAN SANDOVAL , NGA Chair. Gov. S
TEVE BULLOCK , NGA Vice Chair. 
Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, their letter says that the deductibility of State and local taxes has been a part of their stability, and they are about meeting the needs of their citizens. So the notion that we have the Na-tional Governors Association, the homebuilders, the Realtors, so many people concerned about this is falling on deaf ears. I guarantee you it will not fall on deaf ears when the citizens have a chance to respond to this. The notion that we not only are tak-ing away this ability to deduct, but we are also in this legislation making a change to the way inflation is cal-culated, what is called Chained CPI—I am not going to bother to explain the details to you, but I will tell you this. It will change your tax bracket, and you will be in a higher tax bracket. So besides giving you less deductibility, they are changing a formula and mak-ing you pay more taxes. This bill needs to slow down. It needs to focus on what will help our economy grow, and economists don’t believe this bill is going to do much to help the economy grow. It is going to give those corporations money to pay for divi-dends. Seventy-five to eighty percent will go to their shareholders, and those shareholders and the stock market will do well. What we also need to focus on is the investment that middle-class families need to stay in their home, to make education affordable, to pay for healthcare, and to have communities work. The fact is, the Fraternal Order of Police is also against this legislation because of taking away of this local de-ductibility. It is like Hamilton said: Why are you doing this at a Federal level? I thought the other side of the aisle was the States’ rights people? I thought they were there to protect the uniqueness of the Tax Code to say that States have rights, to say that States ought to be able to decide their own fu-ture. Well, after 100 years, you are tak-ing that away today, and you are going to hear from the citizens of this coun-try who are upset that they have to pay higher taxes just to give these very successful companies a corporate tax break. I yield to my colleague from Mary-land. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, may I inquire how much time remains on the unanimous consent agreement for this amendment? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democrats have approximately 6 min-utes remaining. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Thank you, Mr. President. I see Senator MENENDEZ from New Jersey has arrived. He is a cosponsor, together with Senator C
ANTWELL and myself, on this amendment, and I want to thank Senator C
ANTWELL for her leadership. She has covered a lot of im-portant points. The main one is, from the beginning of our Federal Tax Code in 1913, we have established a principle in the United States to avoid double taxation. It makes no sense that any citizens of this country send a dollar of tax to their State governments to help schools or roads in their State, and then they are turned around and taxed on that same dollar by the Federal Government, but that is exactly what this Republican tax plan is doing. Now, weeks and weeks ago, the Re-publican leader, Senator M
CCONNELL , and the Speaker of the House, P
AUL R
YAN, made these public statements about how these Republican tax bills weren’t going to raise taxes on any-body. They both had to publicly re-verse those statements because, in order to provide huge tax breaks to the biggest corporations of this country, this bill will require millions and mil-lions of middle-class families to in-crease their taxes, and a main vehicle for doing that is by removing the de-duction for those citizens. I am just going to give you some quick numbers: 100 million Americans today use the deduction for State and local taxes. In fact, half of the families in my State of Maryland use it. Thirty- eight percent of taxpayers making be-tween $50,000 and $75,000 claim the State and local deduction. That is 7.6 million households. Fifty-six percent of taxpayers who make under $100,000 claim the State and local deduction, and 86 percent of taxpayers making under $200,000 claim the State and local deduction. It is wrong to double tax those fami-lies in order to provide a huge tax break for big corporations. Just to add insult to injury, the corporations in our State still get to deduct their State and local taxes. We just don’t let the people in our State do the same thing. Let’s adopt this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Jersey. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I am here to support the motion offered by Senator CANTWELL , to speak out against a tax bill that is nothing short of highway robbery on New Jerseyans. This tax plan is about one thing. It is about cutting taxes for wealthy cor-porations and asking working families to pay for it. It is especially bad for middle-class families in New Jersey, New York, Washington, Maryland, and other high-earning States that make bold investments in education, that drive the most innovation, that gen-erate the most Federal revenue. Don’t let the Republicans fool you if they airdrop an amendment at the last minute that throws a few crumbs at New Jersey families and call it a vic-tory. Carve-outs, caps, and exceptions are nothing but gimmicks meant to distract the public from what is really going on. No matter how you slice it, gutting or even limiting the State and local tax deduction is a direct assault on middle-class families in America’s highest earning, most economically productive States. By gutting the SALT deduction, Republicans will lit-erally force millions of middle-class families across America to pay taxes on their taxes. In 2015 alone, nearly 1.8 million New Jersey households deducted a combined $32 billion in State, local, and property taxes from their Federal tax bill. These families aren’t living large. They are middle-class folks who had to work hard for every dollar they have. In fact, IRS data shows that more than 85 per-cent of taxpayers who claim the SALT deduction make under $200,000 a year and over half make under $100,000 a year. So it is wrong to ask millions of Americans who had to fight their way into the middle class to pay more just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.004 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7663 December 1, 2017 
so big corporations can pay less, and rubbing salt in their wounds is the fact that Republicans let corporations keep on deducting their State and local taxes on top of the huge tax cuts lav-ished on them by this tax plan. If deducting State and local taxes is so important for big corporations that make billions of dollars each year, Re-publicans should understand why it is so important for middle-class families in cities and suburbs across America. That is why I am offering this motion with Senator C
ANTWELL to send the bill back to committee to fix this fatal flaw and restore the SALT deduction. If it is good enough for huge corpora-tions, it should be good enough for middle-class families. I have heard many of my Republican colleagues complain about the SALT deduction as if it is some subsidy for States like New Jersey, and that hy-pocrisy is just amazing to me. Far from subsidizing successful States like New Jersey or New York, the SALT deduc-tion actually benefits the entire Na-tion, which is able to share in the eco-nomic rewards created by the high- powered economies of States like New Jersey, and now Republicans want to take even more. Well, we are sick and tired of it, and we want our money back. I will make a deal with any Repub-lican from a taker State. Since you are so opposed to subsiding other States, how about you take all of the extra Federal dollars you receive beyond what you pay and transfer it back to donor States like New Jersey? Sound like a deal? I don’t think so. Each and every year, States like New Jersey, New York, and Virginia gen-erate billions of dollars in Federal rev-enue that go to Americans in less pro-ductive, lower income States that are more reliant, more dependent on Fed-eral spending. They are America’s eco-nomic powerhouses, America’s donor States, precisely because they invest in public education, law enforcement, mass transit, infrastructure, and eco-nomic opportunity for all. It is no surprise that everyone from the Fraternal Order of Police to the American Hospital Association, to AARP support keeping the State and local tax deduction. Taking it away is a direct threat to the funding States need to educate our kids, keep cops on the beat, equip first responders and firefighters, and provide healthcare to the most vulnerable—all this just to give big corporations big tax cuts. If multinational corporations get to keep deducting their State and local taxes, there is no reason to stop mil-lions of middle-class Americans from doing the same. Make no mistake, any reduction in the State and local tax de-duction is a direct assault on Amer-ica’s highest earning, most innovative, most economically productive States. Guess what. All Americans will lose out when America’s economic power-house States aren’t so powerful any-more. I urge my colleagues to stop pun-ishing success, stop interfering in State government decisions, and join me in protecting the SALT deduction. Vote for the motion to recommit. I yield the floor The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, we are about to embark upon a vote that I think will be historic, a once-in-a-gen-eration opportunity, in my view. The last time we did major tax re-form in this country was 1986, 31 years ago. Believe it or not, I happened to be a staffer here back then. Although my boss was not on the Senate Finance Committee, I was the tax LA in the of-fice, and so I had the opportunity, in a very small way, to be a part of the 1986 Tax Reform Act, which at that point was landmark legislation, very his-toric, very far-reaching, and had a pro-found impact in a positive way on the economy. Well, here we are 31 years later—long overdue, I might add, to get to the point where we once again can do something fundamentally about a tax code that is completely outdated, com-pletely antiquated, and puts us at a competitive disadvantage with coun-tries around the world with whom we have to compete. So we have an oppor-tunity today—and we will have an amendment process here that will get started very soon in which Members will have an opportunity to lay down their amendments, to debate them, and to get them ultimately voted on, but when it is all said and done, I believe we will have a final product that moves us fundamentally in a different direc-tion when it comes to our tax policy, in a direction that is good for jobs, that is good for growth—economic growth— and that is good for wages in this coun-try for hard-working families and peo-ple who have been living paycheck to paycheck for a really long time. We didn’t get here overnight. There has been a lot said about how this is all of a sudden rushed to the floor. I have to tell you that I got on the Senate Fi-nance Committee in 2011, and since 2011 when I joined the committee, we have had 70-plus hearings on tax reform. We have had 70 hearings examining dif-ferent aspects of the tax reform, listen-ing to recommendations about how it might be changed, how it might be modernized, how it might be updated, and how it might be improved. It has been a long, methodical process to get us to where we are today. Two years ago, in 2015, the chairman of the committee, Senator H
ATCH , cre-ated five working groups, and each of the working groups had a specific area of responsibility to look at different elements of the Tax Code and come up with a series of recommendations for how it might be improved. I was privi-leged to chair one of those working groups, along with Senator C
ARDIN . We had both Democrats and Republicans participating in that process. At the end of it, each of the working groups submitted recommendations, many of which, I might add, are in-cluded in the mark we are going to be voting on later today. A lot of those ideas came from those bipartisan work-ing groups. So there are a lot of Demo-cratic and Republican ideas that have been incorporated into this legislation. I would hope, in the end, that there might be some Democrats who ulti-mately will vote for it. But I think it is important to note, for those who be-lieve that perhaps this was somehow rushed in here, that there has been a lot of thought over a long period of time. There were not only months but years—literally years—of work that has gone into bringing us to where we are today. When the bill was introduced—the mark was put out there by the chair-man—that put in place a process in the committee where we had a markup. So we spent 23 hours over several days marking up the bill. We voted on 63 Democratic amendments in all 69, or thereabouts, amendments on the bill while it was being marked up before it was reported out here to the floor. Since it was reported out of the com-mittee, there have been a number of changes that have been made in re-sponse to concerns and issues that have been raised by individual Senators on both sides of the aisle. And that brings us to where we are today. I say that by way of context to let people know that this has been a long process—an arduous process, I might add—and frankly one that is really overdue. I happen to believe profoundly that it is high time that we undertake the important work of readapting and readjusting our tax policies to reflect an economy and a marketplace that is very different from the last time this was done in 1986. So that gets us to where we are today. In trying to figure out how to modernize, how to update our Tax Code, there are a couple of things that clearly needed to be dealt with. One is that we have a tax system that has the highest rates among businesses in the industrialized world. We have a 35-per-cent rate for corporations. When we look at every other industrialized country around the world—look at the OECD average; it is down around 22 percent. A number of countries have gone well below that. We continue to hemorrhage jobs and businesses and profits to other places around the world because our tax rate, our Tax Code, frankly, isn’t competitive. We operate in what is known as a worldwide tax system in which not only do you pay a tax in a country in which the income is generated, but you also pay a tax when it comes back into the United States at the higher level, at the 35-percent rate. So that also had to be adapted, and we are moving now more toward what is called a terri-torial tax system in which the income is taxed in the jurisdiction in which it is generated. I believe that will make us a much more competitive economy globally and make America a much more attractive place to do business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.018 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7664 December 1, 2017 
We get the corporate rate, the busi-ness rate, down to 20 percent. And when I say businesses, that is what we call C corporations. There is a slightly different treatment for passthrough businesses. Those are your partner-ships, LLCs, and sole proprietorships, things like that. But we also signifi-cantly reduce rates on small busi-nesses. We believe that is important to growth. This needs to be a pro-growth bill. We want to grow our economy at a faster rate because a faster growing economy, an economy growing at rates that are more normal to historic aver-ages, means that we are creating better paying jobs. That means we are lifting wages in this country. Wages have been flat for so long. For the last decade or so, the American people have rarely had anything that could be characterize as a pay raise. That is why we needed to update our business tax rates, our business tax code, so that we can get the economy producing and growing at a faster rate to generate those good-paying jobs and provide higher wages to American fam-ilies and American workers. We believe this bill does that. I think the changes that have been made in addition to lowering the rate— allowing for expensing of capital in-vestments allows businesses to recover their cost of investment faster, accel-erate that cost recovery, which enables them to get that capital they can use to expand and grow their operations and thereby, again, create those better- paying jobs. Those are key changes that are fundamental to greater eco-nomic growth, better jobs, and higher wages in our economy. There have been a lot of analyses and studies that have been done that dem-onstrate how, in fact, that might work. If you look at what the President’s Council of Economic Advisers says, they suggest that lowering the rate on businesses will generate $4,000 in addi-tional average household income on an annual basis. That is an additional $4,000 in the pockets of families in this country as a result not just of the tax reductions, which I will get to in just a moment, but the changes we made on the business side of the code generate an additional $4,000 annually per house-hold. There is another study out there by Boston University. They conclude that it would increase the average household income by $3,500, which is slightly less than $4,000. It is safe to say that families in this country, households in this country, and people in this country are going to benefit, because when you create a more favorable environment, favorable conditions for investment and creating jobs, you get competition for labor. Competition for labor raises the price of labor. When the price of labor goes up, companies have to pay higher wages. That means bigger paychecks for American workers. That is pre-cisely what these particular studies have shown. Let me say, too, because I think that as I have listened to our colleagues on the other side—they consistently make the argument that somehow these are tax cuts for the rich, which I don’t think is any surprise. That is normally what they say anytime we have a de-bate about reducing taxes. My experience here, in the time I have been in Washington, both as a Member of the House of Representa-tives and now as a Member of the Sen-ate, has been that, generally speaking, Democrats like to grow government. We like to grow the economy. We be-lieve the best way to lift all boats—to generate better paying jobs, to improve the quality of life and standard of liv-ing for American families—is to get a stronger economy that is creating those better paying jobs and raising wages in this country. Suffice it to say that our colleagues on the other side have attacked this bill, as they do most bills. This is no exception. Most of the attacks are on reform bills for delivering too much re-lief to high-income earners. I have to say that I take issue with that because I think, if you look at the actual con-tent, the substance of the bill, you will come to a very different conclusion. I said this before, and I mean it sin-cerely: I hope people don’t take it from me. Sit down and look at your own tax situation. Plug in the changes that we are making here, and find out if you come out better or worse than you are today. I will tell you that if you look at the average family of four with a combined annual income of $73,000, you are going to see that they are going to see a $2,200 tax cut. A $2,200 tax cut is what your average family of four making $73,000 in this country is going to see. What does that represent to them? That is a 60-percent reduction, a 60-per-cent tax cut relative to what they are paying today under current law. By reforming the Tax Code and put-ting these changes in place, the aver-age family of four with a combined an-nual income of $73,000 will see a $2,200 tax cut or about a 60-percent reduction in what they are paying today. Why does that happen? Well, it happens be-cause we are making some changes that provide significant relief in the Tax Code relative to families when they file their taxes. The first, of course, is we double the standard deduction. The standard de-duction is the amount that people can deduct from their income right away, from their adjusted gross income. That lowers the amount that is actually tax-able to start with. Under our legisla-tion, the standard deduction for both married couples and those who are fil-ing single—they actually get a dou-bling of the standard deduction. The second thing we do in our bill— and if you are raising kids, this will dramatically reduce the tax burden you will have—is we double the child tax credit, which under current law is $1,000 per child. Under this legislation, that will double to $2,000 per child. The other thing we do is we lower rates. We have a significant rate reduc-tion through all the different brackets in the code. The combination of doubling the standard deduction, doubling the child tax credit, and lowering rates means that middle-income families are going to pay less in taxes. We think we have found the right balance in designing a bill that delivers tax relief to hard-working, middle-in-come families in this country. At the same time, we are reforming the busi-ness side of our Tax Code in a way that unleashes our economy and unleashes those job creators and a lot of that in-vestment that has been sitting on the sidelines and allows our small busi-nesses and our larger businesses to ex-pand their operations, and as they do that, they will have to hire more work-ers and pay those workers higher wages. We think the combination of those features of this bill makes this a bill that is very beneficial to middle-in-come families in this country. Those are just a few of the features of the bill that lead to, as I said earlier, an aver-age tax cut for a typical family of four of $2,200 or about a 60-percent reduc-tion over what they are currently pay-ing. As we have listened to the debate from the other side, they attacked it as being a tax cut for the rich. They at-tacked it for being rushed out here. They attacked it for being a windfall for corporations. It is very predictable. There is nothing new in any of these arguments. I have been around here long enough to know in advance what the other side is going to say. But in this case, these arguments simply don’t comport with reality. They just don’t fit the facts. They don’t fit the data. With respect to the issue of who pays, we pay a lot of attention—and we should—to tax burdens in this country. One of the things this legislation we will be passing today does is it main-tains in the law the progressivity in our Tax Code. We have the most pro-gressive Tax Code, I would argue, in all the world. So we paid very close atten-tion to this to make sure that the tax burden, when all is said and done, doesn’t change very much from where it is today. So people of different in-come groups, income categories, con-tinue to pay similar burdens to what they are paying today. What this shows is that those in the $20,000 to $50,000 category today pay about 4.3 percent of the entire tax bur-den, the taxes collected in this coun-try. People who earn between $20,000 and $50,000 pay about 4.3 percent. Under our legislation, that will go down to 4.1 percent. Those in the $50,000 to $100,000 category—earners in that group today pay about 16.9 percent of all the taxes collected. That is their share of the tax burden. Under this legislation, that will go down to 16.7 percent. Again, that is a slight reduction in the overall tax burden relative to what they have today. Those making $100,000 or more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.019 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7665 December 1, 2017 
actually will see their taxes tick up a little bit—not a lot but a little bit. They are currently paying 78.7 percent of the tax burden in this country, and that will go up to 78.9 percent. So those at $100,000 or more are paying almost 80 percent of all the taxes that are paid or collected in this country today, and that number is very similar to what it would be—up a little bit. But that is really the only category that is going to pay more relative to what they are paying today. To me, that is a demonstration, clearly, of how—when we went through this process, we committed to ensuring that there was fairness in the code, and we paid attention to the tax burden to ensure that people continue to pay their fair share and that particularly those in the upper income categories pay their fair share. Another argument that has been made by our colleagues on the other side—which is interesting to me be-cause it is a revelation to many of us that all of a sudden they are concerned about deficits—is that somehow this is going to blow up the deficit. Well, we did allow for a net tax cut in this. There is about $5.5 trillion of tax cuts overall, about $4 trillion of which is offset by what we call base broadeners, or killing and getting rid of preferences and loopholes and deductions in the code, and the balance of which will be made up through economic growth. There are debates about how much growth will occur in the economy, but I think it is fair to say that this is going to grow the economy. Even the Joint Committee on Tax-ation, which uses numbers that, to me, are completely inaccurate—I mean, it is hard to feature that over the course of the next decade, our economy isn’t going to grow at more than 1.9 percent, but that is what they assume. Just by way of example, over the last two quar-ters, it has grown to 3.3 and 3.1 percent. If we can continue to build on that, we will more than pay for and have lots of revenue left over when this is all said and done. So if you assume modest amounts of economic growth—about two-tenths, three-tenths of 1 percent of additional growth in the economy per year—it more than covers what we are talking about here in terms of the shortfall of forgone revenue associated with this tax legislation. We have a bill that is based upon rea-sonable assumptions about growth. We have a bill that, if our economy really does pick up—and I believe it will if we put the right policies in place that en-courage investment, track investment into this country, and provide the right incentives for businesses to expand their operations—we will see an en-tirely new economy where 1.9 percent growth, which has become the normal for too many people—there are too many people in this country who don’t know anything but 1.9 percent growth. We can do so much better than that. This is America, the greatest economy on the face of the Earth. We ought to be able to get up to that 3 to 3.5 per-cent growth rate. If we do, this econ-omy will take off, American businesses will start, entrepreneurs will start cre-ating jobs, and we will have higher wages and bigger paychecks for Amer-ican workers. I hope we get a ‘‘yes’’ vote later today on this. I yield the floor. Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to join in a colloquy with the ma-jority leader to address concerns that I have with the tax reform legislation that we are considering and to thank him for the many discussions that we have had over the past months about this bill. I have made clear that I don’t think that the repeal of the individual man-date should have been included in the tax bill. Rather, I would prefer to see the mandate issue and the other flaws in the ACA addressed through a series of discrete bills that can be thought-fully targeted to correct specific prob-lems. That said, I have long-supported the repeal of the so-called individual mandate because I do not believe that the Federal Government should force any American to buy healthcare cov-erage he or she either does not want or cannot afford. Eighty percent of the people who pay the penalty imposed by the mandate make less than $50,000 a year. Nevertheless, it appears very likely that the individual mandate repeal will be part of this legislation. Unless we take action, that repeal will almost certainly lead to further increases in the cost of health insurance pre-miums—premiums that are already too expensive under the ACA. Therefore, I believe that it is imperative that Con-gress take action to mitigate this like-ly premium increase. There are two steps we can take to help remedy this situation. First, we need to pass the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act of 2017, legisla-tion authored by HELP Chairman A
LEXANDER and Ranking Member M UR-
RAY. This legislation will not only give States critical flexibility to better manage their insurance markets, but will also provide funding in 2019 and 2020 for cost-sharing reductions re-ceived by low-income enrollees in the ACA exchanges. Mr. M
CCONNELL. From its incep-tion, I have opposed the individual mandate because it is simply wrong for the Federal Government to require someone to purchase a particular prod-uct, particularly one they do not want and cannot afford. I agree that Alex-ander-Murray can help provide cer-tainty and flexibility for State insur-ance markets in the absence of the mandate and will support passage of the Bipartisan Health Care Stabiliza-tion Act, ideally prior to the adoption of any final tax reform conference agreement and certainly before the end of this year. Ms. COLLINS. I thank the majority leader for his response. Second, it is critical that we provide States with the support they need to create State- based high-risk pools for their indi-vidual health insurance markets. In September, I introduced the bipartisan Lower Premiums Through Reinsurance Act of 2017, a bill that would allow States to protect people with pre-existing conditions while lowering pre-miums through the use of these high- risk pools. That bill would create a menu of options States could use to de-sign reinsurance programs, which in turn would be eligible for Federal ‘‘seed money’’ grants that could lever-age section 1332 ‘‘flow-through’’ fund-ing to finance the programs. States may also add funds from other sources to the mix. We know from the experience of Alaska and Maine just how effective such high-risk pools can be. Alaska’s pool reduced a projected 40 percent rate increase to just 7 percent this year and is expected to contribute to a 20-per-cent decline in premiums next year. Maine saw similar results in its pro-gram, the Maine Guaranteed Access Reinsurance Association. I believe that passage of legislation to create and provide $5 billion in fund-ing for high-risk pools annually over 2 years, together with the Bipartisan Health Care Stabilization Act, is crit-ical for helping to offset the impact on individual market premiums in 2019 and 2020 due to repeal of the individual mandate. Mr. MCCONNELL. I believe that State high-risk pools are a much better alternative to Federal mandates. I will also support passage of your bill and this funding to create high-risk pools, ideally prior to the adoption of any final tax reform conference agreement and certainly before the end of this year. Ms. COLLINS. I thank the majority leader. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Cardin motion to commit. Mr. THUNE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 43, nays 57, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 292 Leg.] YEAS—43 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wyden 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.020 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7666 December 1, 2017 
NAYS—57 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Booker Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warren Wicker Young 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). The majority leader is rec-ognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order, with the majority leader being recognized at the conclusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon is recognized. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President and col-leagues, the Senate is looking at mak-ing $10 trillion of changes in tax policy on the fly. This is the biggest change in Federal income tax policy in more than three decades. This is legislation that will determine our country’s eco-nomic future for a generation, and, at this time, the Senate does not have the language the Senate will be voting on. My colleagues have been saying that they are out looking for it. I have a couple of questions I would like to ask the distinguished majority leader. When will the Senate be able to actu-ally see the full text of this legislation? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I would say to my friend from Oregon that there will be plenty of time for him to read it. Mr. WYDEN. Again, through the Chair, we are talking about com-plicated materials. We are talking about extraordinarily difficult, tech-nical issues under the best of cir-cumstances. While I respect the major-ity leader, to just be told we will have plenty of time to read it, what I can say—coming on top of the fact that we didn’t have a single hearing on the ac-tual legislation, nothing with regard to specifics—I think on this side of the aisle we have a right to some sense of when we will actually be able to see this. It strikes me as a reasonable and pretty straightforward request, given the fact that the American people have been kept in the dark about this for so long. So, again, I respectfully ask the ma-jority leader: When will it be possible to see the full text of this bill? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I say to my good friend from Oregon, there were 4 days of hearings on the bill in committee with the committee report sent out at least 2 weeks ago. I am totally confident our friends on the other side are fully familiar with al-most all aspects of this. He will cer-tainly have an opportunity to read the final version, but he is very familiar with the various parts of this. There was plenty of time to look at it in com-mittee, and, as I said, there will be plenty of time to read the final version of it before we vote. Mr. WYDEN. Further reserving my right to object, I know that on the other side there has been discussion of scores and scores of hearings. I would say to the distinguished majority lead-er, there was not one single hearing— not one—on the specifics with respect to this legislation. There was not one single hearing on the health changes the majority seeks to make that put a dagger into the heart of the Affordable Care Act. So I will ask my colleague once more, and if we don’t get a sense of what time we are actually going to see this bill, I intend to object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina is recognized. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, reserving my right to object, I am not sure what meeting I sat through for 12 hours about 2 weeks ago, where we essen-tially litigated each aspect of this leg-islation. I am not sure where we have been for the last several years as we have had, for the last 5 or 6 years, sev-eral hearings. The reality of this legislation is that every facet of it is something we have discussed. There is not a new part—not a new part—to the legislation. Yes, we have fused it together over time. There is no doubt about that. But to sit here and say that we have not had opportu-nities in the Finance Committee to hear the facets of the bill is just dis-ingenuous. Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague yield for a question? Could my colleague tell me when the hearing was held on the health changes envisioned in this legislation? Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, it is not a secret that our party and this body have been working on healthcare for about 10 years. Anyone who doesn’t un-derstand and appreciate that the indi-vidual mandate and its effects in our bill take nothing at all away from any-one who needs a subsidy, anyone who wants to continue their coverage—it does not have a single letter in there about preexisting conditions or any ac-tual health feature. The reality is, what our plan does on the individual mandate is good news for the average American. Here it is—— Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague yield? Mr. SCOTT. Here it is. Here is the good news for every American. They ought to hear loud and clear that 80 percent of the folks who are punished— punished—by the individual mandate live in a household of less than $50,000 of income, and one-third of those folks live in a household of less than $25,000. Therefore, the benefit of our actions is to set folks free from being penalized for doing nothing. Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague con-tinue to yield? Mrs. MURRAY. Will the Senator from Oregon yield? Mr. WYDEN. In just one moment. Will my colleague yield for a ques-tion? I believe I have the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to—— Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to object. Mr. SCOTT. Regular order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection to the request? Mr. WYDEN. It is my intention, Mr. President, to come back every 30 min-utes until we get an answer to the question. I just asked my colleague from South Carolina if there was a hearing on the sweeping changes that are being proposed in this bill, the Af-fordable Care Act. I asked him for a date. He said nothing with respect to—— Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, regular order. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, we will be back in 30 minutes to continue this. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. There will now be 30 minutes of de-bate. The Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, on the matter that was being discussed—I am on the Finance Committee. There has not been a hearing on this bill, not a single hearing. A markup is not a hear-ing. People might say, well, why is that a big deal? Why is that relevant? Because a hearing is an opportunity for the American people to say whether they want this bill or not. A hearing is an opportunity for an economist to come to the Senate and say whether they want this bill. A markup is a chance for Senators to say what is on their mind, not for the American peo-ple to be able to say what is on their mind. That is what I am thinking about today. I wanted to start my remarks with a little bit of a history lesson because this Chamber seems to forget what it has said, where it has been, and it is only if you have a case of terrible am-nesia that you can support this legisla-tion. When Bill Clinton left the White House, he left his successor a projected surplus of $5.6 trillion. That is what George Bush inherited when he became President. The Senate was actually having hearings about what to do with the surplus and whether that surplus constituted some sort of threat to the economy. That is what he left behind. Then, George Bush, with this Congress, cut taxes in 2001. They didn’t pay for those tax cuts. They didn’t need to be-cause they would pay for themselves. That is what they said. It is exactly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.005 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7667 December 1, 2017 
what they are saying today. It is ex-actly what they are saying today. In 2003, they passed another tax cut, and they didn’t pay for it, but they said it would pay for itself. Incredibly, the 2003 tax cut came after we had invaded Iraq under a pretext by that adminis-tration. Not only did we never ask the American people to pay for those wars, we cut their taxes and put the burden on their children. That supply-side eco-nomics, which is exactly the same movie we are seeing today, resulted in the worst recession since the Great De-pression. We had a 10-percent unemployment rate when Barack Obama became President of the United States. Guess what else we had. We had a $1.5 trillion deficit, not a $5.6 trillion surplus—a $1.5 trillion deficit because of two un-paid-for wars, because of two tax cuts that weren’t paid for that were going to pay for themselves, and because they passed something called Medicare Part D—the prescription drug program for seniors—that they didn’t pay for. The minute Barack Obama became President, they said it was his deficit. They wouldn’t lift a finger to help working people in America who had lost their jobs in the worst recession since the Great Depression, brought on by their own economic policies and by the fecklessness of some of the largest banks in this country. They wouldn’t lift a finger. Then-Minority Leader M
ITCH MCCON-
NELL said in 2011—this is in 2011— ‘‘Now, we’ve reached the point where our deficits and debts are so large they’re suffocating job growth, threat-ening the wider economy, and imper-iling entitlements.’’ That is when we were in the depths a recession we had not seen since the Great Depression. When Barack Obama left office, the deficit was about $550 billion. Today, it is $660 billion. As a result of this plan, J.P. Morgan was telling us, yesterday or the day before, that this will be the largest nonrecession-caused deficit in our history since World War II. What a disgrace. And for what? To give taxes to the wealthiest people in America. This is an unusual thing to do, but I am putting up the Republicans’ chart. This is their chart. The Senator from Pennsylvania is on the floor. This is their chart, where they are telling my farmers and ranchers in rural Colorado that they should be satisfied with these percentages they are giving them, these rate cuts they are giving them. You can’t eat percentages. You can’t feed your family on rate cuts. You can’t run your farm or your ranch on rate cuts. Do they think they are not going to get it figured out? Colorado’s Repub-licans are too smart for this bill. They are too smart for this bill. So are Colo-rado’s Democrats and Independents. Unlike us, they actually have to worry about the next generation of Ameri-cans. That is all they do. They know our politics is not up to that. It is not up to the aspirations they have for their kids and for their grandkids. No piece of legislation could illus-trate how right they are than this piece of legislation and the mistruths that have been used to sell—the Presi-dent going to Missouri and saying: This is a middle-class tax cut. This hurts the rich like me. No, it doesn’t. What people are con-cerned about, and what they will be concerned about is, their aftertax in-come as a result of the changes that are being made, and this is the best year. I didn’t bring out the worst year. This is 2019. This is what you are going to be getting. It is great if you are up here, and you are making more than $1 million—where, by the way, I have not met a person who says they have cashflow problems that this tax cut is going to help them with. I know a lot of people in Colorado— and I will bet you in Arkansas and in Pennsylvania—who are still struggling because middle-class family incomes have been flat for 20 years, and the costs of housing, higher education, early childhood education, and healthcare are forcing them to make choices that their parents and grand-parents never had to make for their kids. What a shame to be taking healthcare away from 13 million people in this bill, instead of trying to make the system better. This bill rejects all the testimony we had in hearing after hearing on the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee. This is my final chart. This is the math of this bill. This bill takes $34 bil-lion a year—not 1 year, a year—in tax cuts and gives it to 572,000 taxpayers. You can’t even see that. I know you can’t see it on the TV. It looks like a pencil line because that is the scale. That is how few people there are in our economy—572,000 people getting $34 bil-lion. If you include the estate tax, which I didn’t here, it is $39 billion. It is $40 billion going to families who are lucky enough to make more than $1 million a year. These are the taxpayers who make $50,000 or less in our econ-omy. There are 90 million of them, not 572,000. There are 90 million of them. They get $14 billion out of this bill. That is an average tax cut of $160— $7.50. These aren’t talking points. This is the math that is at the heart of the deal the Republicans have said is a middle-class tax cut. You know what is even worse about it? Just like the 2001 tax cuts, just like the 2003 tax cuts, they are not paying for it. They are borrowing the money from middle- class families all over the country, from the sons and daughters of teach-ers, firefighters, and police officers. That is who is going to have to pay back that bill. And for what? To end poverty in America? No. To invest in infrastructure or healthcare or to strengthen our safety net? No. To frit-ter it away on $34 billion worth of tax cuts for the wealthiest people in Amer-ica. I am going to close by saying this. Before I got here 9 years ago, I never would have believed that something this cynical could happen on the floor of the Senate. I wouldn’t have believed it. Colleagues of mine who said for years that this is all just about getting to cuts to Medicare, Social Security, and Medicaid, I would say: No, it is not. People care about this. They want to sort out our fiscal condition. I was wrong. They were right. This is about that. That is what they are going to come back here and do. It is going to be really hard to withstand it. President Trump, after all this for the last 10 years around here, since we were fighting, trying to fight out of the worst recession since the Great Depres-sion—which we did, by the way—in the name of fiscal responsibility, we had fiscal cliffs; in the name of fiscal re-sponsibility, we had government shut-downs; in the name of fiscal responsi-bility, we passed 30 temporary budgets that no school district in Colorado could get away with once. Have we managed to restore our fiscal health? No. Have we piled on more debt for our kids and grandkids? Yes. That is what is going to happen here. It is no wonder, when we elected a President, somebody who told the American people—and was nominated by the Republican Party and elected by the United States of America—Presi-dent Trump promised that he would eliminate our debt ‘‘over a period of eight years’’; that he would deliver ‘‘a giant, beautiful, massive’’ tax cut— that was supposed to be for the forgot-ten man. Unless the people making over $1 million are the ‘‘forgotten man,’’ he didn’t deliver on that—pass ‘‘one of the largest increases in na-tional defense spending in American history;’’ while saying, ‘‘I’m not going to cut Social Security . . . and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.’’ There is a job that every American has to do for the next generation of Americans; that is, to leave more op-portunity, not less, to the people who are coming after us. This bill that has been so falsely described and written in such a way that it actually denies the middle class in America benefits it really could use and does so by putting a bunch more debt on the backs of their children is something this Senate should reject. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania is recognized. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I am going to be brief. I am going to yield to my colleague from South Carolina, and I think my colleague from South Da-kota has a few comments. I want to respond to some of the points my colleague from Colorado made. First, I want to thank him for bringing out our chart. What our chart illustrates is that every category of in-come earners in America gets a tax cut under our plan. If you look toward the left of the chart, you see that the big-gest reductions go to the people in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.024 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7668 December 1, 2017 
lowest income categories in a percent-age term. My colleagues said percent-ages don’t matter. I am a little bit con-fused because it seems to me that I think they do matter. I will give you an example. Under our tax plan, our tax reform, and our working-class and middle-class tax cuts, the average single head of household—a single mom who, as head of household, has one child and earns the average income of $41,000, which doesn’t make her a millionaire, or not typically, with $41,000—is going to have a $1,400 tax cut. That is a 75-percent tax cut for her. Now, maybe our col-league from Colorado thinks that per-centage doesn’t matter. I think it prob-ably matters to her. A 75-percent re-duction in the taxes that she has to pay probably matters to her. It is prob-ably pretty helpful. You could take the case of a family of four who earns the median national income. That is $73,000. On average, they will have a $2,200 tax cut. That is a 60-percent tax cut. So I am at a loss as to why that doesn’t matter to that family. I think it matters a lot. I think that family can do a lot with that $2,200. The fact is that our bill lowers taxes for every category of income earner, and the proportionate share is the greatest for the lowest income earners. This is good for working Americans and middle-class Americans. I yield to my colleague from South Carolina. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, this is what I find astonishing. We have been talking about this for a number of months. Frankly, for years we have been talking about tax reform. Actu-ally, since 1986 we have been talking about tax reform. Our plan removes millions of low-income Americans from having to pay taxes. I think it is interesting that our friends’ argument on the left is sincere but wrong. It misses the fact that if you are living in a single-parent house-hold, with a mother or a father who is working paycheck to paycheck, getting another $100 a month is real money. Why are we not talking about the ac-tual benefits to the specific people who benefit from this tax reform? When Senator T
OOMEY talks about the typ-ical American family seeing its taxes slashed by 60 percent, why is that spe-cific savings of $2,200 not a meaning-ful—perhaps, transformative—savings that allows someone now to save for college or to save for retirement? To me, this is where the rubber meets the road. Yes, here on the other side of the Potomac, it is OK to talk in platitudes. I prefer to talk to individ-uals about the impact of our actions in their households and the impact of our actions in their accounts. It is a very simple way of doing the math. You don’t have to pull out a calculator for a 75-percent savings for the average single parent who makes $41,000. The reason that we use $41,000 is that that is the average income of a single head of household. The reason that we use $73,000 is that that is the typical Amer-ican family’s income. When we are talking about the bene-fits, we are talking about real people— people like Sherry, back in South Caro-lina, a single parent with two kids, who is trying to start a business, who is struggling to keep her ends together, believing that someone, somewhere, sees her, that the decision makers in Washington don’t see her as invisible or unimportant. I am not talking about tax philosophy. I am talking about real people who need their money more than the government does. If we are going to talk about tax cuts and tax revenues, let us be clear that in the 1920s, during the Mellon tax cuts, which slashed the high rate from 70 percent down to the twenties throughout the 1920s, revenues went up by 61 percent. Under the Kennedy ad-ministration, we cut taxes, and tax revenues went up to the government from those cohorts from whom we cut it. So what we have is a history. Our friends on the other side say that there is no actual history. Well, there is his-tory that proves that. In the cohorts where the brackets are and where the cuts occur, we can demonstrate that the revenues have increased. I yield for the Senator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, how much time is left on our side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are 81⁄2minutes on the majority’s side. There are 2
1⁄2minutes on the Demo-crats’ side. The Senator from Colorado is recog-nized. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I don’t want to get in the way of my friend from South Carolina, for whom I have tremendous respect. Point 1, nothing that I said was about anything other than real people. The real people in Colorado are going to be able to do this math, and they are going to know what it says. Point 2, those 1920s that you men-tioned ended up with, then, the worst depression since the beginning of the country, and we had the worst income inequality in 1928. Guess when the next time was that that happened. It was when George Bush handed over the keys to Barack Obama. That was the next moment in time, when he was leaving, that we had that kind of in-come inequality. That has not been fixed, and that is not being fixed by this plan. It is being made worse by this plan for all of the reasons that I said. The final point that I will make—and then I will stop and get out of the way—is that, if you have this much conviction, at least you could pay for it. It would be nice for you to pay for it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina is recognized. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I will say to my friend from Colorado that we are having a spirited debate. We are dia-metrically opposed on the issue, but we do have some common ground on other issues that we are working on together. I appreciate your passion. I know you are sincere. I will tell you that there is a truth that is, perhaps, missing from the con-versation, and it is simply this: If you don’t control spending, you cannot raise enough revenue to keep up. When you look back at the cataclysmic oc-currences throughout history, one thing you will find very quickly is that even with more revenue, if your spend-ing outpaces your revenue, you are going to find yourself in a challenging predicament. I yield for Senator THUNE . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, our coun-try has always been about opportunity. The American dream is the hope that your kids and your grandkids and those who come after you will have a better life than you have had. One of the ways we do that is that we get a growing, ex-panding economy that creates better paying jobs, more opportunity, and higher wages. When you get higher wages, you improve that standard of living, and you improve that quality of life. That is what Americans aspire to. That is what all American families— moms and dads—aspire to for their kids and those who are going to come after them. I would say to our colleagues on the other side, who, like I said, have a new-found interest in deficits and debt, that one of the ways in which you deal with deficits and debt is to grow the econ-omy. When you get an expanding econ-omy that is creating better paying jobs, more people are working, more people are investing, more people are taking realizations, and more people are paying taxes. What history has shown is that when you have a vibrant, growing economy, you get more gov-ernment revenue. Of course, the official scorekeepers, whether you use the Congressional Budget Office or the Joint Committee on Taxation, both agree that you are going to get more revenue when you get more growth in the economy. There might be a slight difference of opinion about how much. The CBO, I think, says that for every one-tenth of 1 per-cent increase in the GDP, you see an additional $273 billion in tax revenue that is generated over a decade or, to put it a different way, almost $3 tril-lion for every percentage point in-crease in gross domestic product. If you want to get serious about deal-ing with America’s fiscal problems, you have to restrain spending, which there hasn’t been much appetite for around here in the time that I have been here. You also have to get the economy growing and expanding. That is what this exercise—what we are going through here in reforming our Tax Code—is really all about, because 2- percent growth is not good enough. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.025 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7669 December 1, 2017 
This 2-percent growth is not and should not be the new normal for the Amer-ican economy. That is what we have had for the last 8 years. During President Obama’s en-tire time in office, we didn’t have a sin-gle year—not 1 year—in which the GDP was more than 3 percent—not 1 year. If you go back historically—literally to the end of World War II, about 1948— and roll forward to today, the average in the American economy has been 3 to 3.5 percent, but there has not been a single year in the last 8 years in which we have had 3 percent growth in the economy. What does that mean? That means that, without that kind of growth, businesses are not expand-ing. They are not investing, they are not hiring new workers, they are not paying those workers more, and you end up with flat wages. We have had, literally, a decade now of flat wages, where American families and individ-uals have not seen any growth in their incomes. What we hope to accomplish through all of this will be changes made to the Tax Code that will increase investment through lowering rates on businesses, allowing them to recover their costs of investment faster, and accelerating their cost recovery. Those are changes—those are reforms in our Tax Code—that will help unleash this econ-omy and get us back, closer to normal, when we were creating those good-pay-ing jobs. Then, we can start doing something, at the same time, about spending around here, and we will start seeing those deficits go down. The best thing that can happen for the Amer-ican economy, the best thing that can happen for the American family, and the best thing that can happen for the American worker is to have a growing, vibrant economy. To my colleagues on the other side who consistently get up and say there is no benefit to this that will be deliv-ered to middle-income families in this country, again, I will say what has al-ready been said by my colleagues from South Carolina and from Pennsylvania, which is to look at a typical family of four with a combined annual income of $73,000, who under this tax cut bill will receive a tax cut of $2,200—a 60-percent reduction over what they are paying today under current law. That is what that average family of four will see. Now, the Senator from Colorado said that he doesn’t believe that Colorado Republicans are for this. I can tell you who is going to be for this—the people, the families, who get the $2,200 tax cut. That is $2,200 they are going to have in their pockets. You heard my colleague from South Carolina talk about that family that lives paycheck to paycheck or about that single mom who wants a better fu-ture for her kids. How do we help them? One of the ways we help them is to reduce the burden—the take—that their government takes from them every single year and to allow them to keep more in their pockets. Let’s give them bigger paychecks, and let’s let them decide how to spend the money. That is a fundamental difference that we have had around here for a long time. We come here believing that the way you help American families is to start growing the economy rather than growing the government, allowing the American people to make decisions that are in their best interests and in the best interests of them and their families about how they want to save for retirement, how they want to help their kids get college educations, how they want to improve their lives, rath-er than sending the money to Wash-ington, DC, and letting Washington spend it. That is, fundamentally, the difference, I think, that we are talking about here. As to the arguments that have been made by the other side, they just aren’t based on facts. The data tells a different story as the Senator from Pennsylvania pointed out. Look at the chart. Look at the percentage of tax cuts. Who benefits? We have worked very, very hard on this bill to maintain progressivity in the Tax Code so that we have tax relief delivered to those hard-working American families, to those hard-working American tax-payers who need a break, who are liv-ing paycheck to paycheck. Honestly, I hope, when this is all said and done, that not only will we be able to pass this bill but that, maybe, we will get a few Democrats who might de-cide that it will be in the best interests of their constituents to help their fam-ilies and their States realize more in-come in their pockets and bigger pay-checks and, hopefully, an opportunity to live out their versions of the Amer-ican dream for them, for their kids, and for their grandkids. That is what the American experience and the American dream are really all about. When we take more and more here in Washington, DC, that means that American families have less with which to help themselves and to plan for their futures. Our time has expired. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, how much time remains on our side? The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
RUZ). The majority controls 1 minute, and the Democrats control 1
1⁄2minutes. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I will take our 1
1⁄2minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. We have just a minute and a half. The hour is late. I want to repeat once again that we still do not have this bill. We have seen appar-ently, in the last few hours, tax changes that involve billions and bil-lions of dollars. The American people have a right to know what is in this proposal, and certainly we on this side of the aisle have a right to know about it. I am struck by the comments of my colleagues on the other side that learn-ing the facts about what the Joint Committee on Taxation had to say about the Republican proposal—0.8 per-cent growth, $1 trillion short in spend-ing—has had absolutely no effect on the discussion we are having from the Republican side. I see my friend the distinguished ma-jority leader here, and I believe he will propound a unanimous consent request. As he knows, I will have another res-ervation, and we will discuss this some more. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes equally divided for de-bate only, with no amendments or mo-tions in order and with the majority leader being recognized at the conclu-sion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to object. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Is there objection to the majority leader’s unanimous consent request? Mr. WYDEN. Reserving the right to object, Mr. President, I understand that we are going to get the proposal from the majority shortly. I come back again to the fact that there are changes apparently worth billions and billions of dollars, like the passthrough provision. We need to be able to see these. The American people have a right to know. I believe the majority has indicated that we will get this shortly, and I withdraw my reservation and will point out that if we don’t get it short-ly, I will stay at my post and keep ob-jecting because the American people have a right to know that tax policy is being made in the dark. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Who yields time? The Senator from Colorado. Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I want to talk about the importance of pass-ing this tax reform legislation for the people of Colorado. What we have is an opportunity to see real wage growth in this country—something we haven’t seen for far too long. Over the past dec-ade, I think people who are on both sides of the aisle have recognized that while there might be some economic job activity, job creation taking place, while we might see some low economic unemployment numbers in States like Colorado, what we haven’t seen is the kind of wage growth we know we can create. Under the analysis done by non-partisan think tanks in Colorado, they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.027 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7670 December 1, 2017 
estimate that wages would grow— after-tax income—by over $3,000. That is incredible wage growth for families who many people estimate and who other economists have said could see a financial hardship if they were asked to come up with $400. In fact, we know that if over one-third of people in America had to come up with $400 today, it would create a financial crisis in their household. We heard our colleague from Penn-sylvania and our colleague from South Dakota talking about the fact that a family earning a median household in-come of $73,000 would see a 60-percent reduction in their taxes next year. A single parent with a child, earning $41,000 a year, would see a 75-percent tax cut. Let me read a headline from a story in Colorado. The headline of this arti-cle is ‘‘How Tax Reform Can Empower This Drive-in Theater Owner to Expand Her Business.’’ What she is talking about is the fact that if she sees lower taxes at the 88 Drive-in—that is an iconic drive-in in Commerce City, CO. If you see this drive-in, you will know exactly—it is iconic on the landscape. She believes that if her taxes are lower, she will be able to move forward and buy the property next door, which will allow her to expand her business. She talks about the fact that she has to turn people away because so many peo-ple are going to it and they don’t have enough room. She wants to expand, but she is held back by our uncompetitive Tax Code. If we cut taxes, she will be able to buy land, expand the business, and create more jobs. It is a greater op-portunity for her, her family, and the people of Colorado. This is really an opportunity to see the kind of growth and wage growth that we haven’t seen in this country for far too long. I have held several roundtables on taxes throughout the Eastern Plains of Colorado, where I live. People are wor-ried about their income because they haven’t seen the kind of economic growth, the numbers in employment growth that they have in the Front Range, in Denver. I have held roundtables on the Western Slope of Colorado, in Southern Colorado, North-ern Colorado, and they are all very worried about a country that is not as competitive as it used to be. They know that with a competitive tax code, they would see those jobs and invest-ment come back into this country once again. People in Pueblo, CO, know they need jobs brought back into their com-munity because while many areas of Colorado have seen very low unemploy-ment rates, they haven’t seen the kind of growth other areas have. They know that with a competitive tax code that brings jobs and money back from over-seas, that will provide real relief to a single parent with a child at home and to a family of four working hard to make ends meet. They are going to pay less taxes next year as a result. They are going to be able to spend the money they want to in Pueblo, CO, to put it into an investment that they want to in Brighton, CO. It will be an investment that somebody in Craig, CO, wants to have. That is what they are focused on. They want to get the money into their pockets. They earned it. They should keep it, not Wash-ington, DC, where they make bad deci-sions on how to spend their hard- earned dollars. To my colleagues who oppose this bill, we have talked about the opportu-nities for the American people to see real wage growth. This bill does it. We talked about the opportunity to bring jobs back from overseas. This bill does it. We talked about the opportunity to get businesses hiring again and expand-ing. Nonpartisan estimates show that this bill would create nearly 1 million jobs—new jobs created by this bill. It is a great opportunity for us, and I thank the people who have worked so hard on this bill, my colleagues in South Da-kota, Pennsylvania, and others. Mr. President, I yield back my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to talk about a subject matter that this bill deals with that we are not hearing a lot about. I wanted to start, though, with the basics in terms of the overall debate. I have said many times in the last number of days and weeks when we have reviewed the House proposal and when we reviewed the Senate proposal that was voted on in the Senate Fi-nance Committee before Thanks-giving—I described the Senate bill as a giveaway to the superrich and big, multinational corporations. I still be-lieve that. I hope that when we see the new version of the bill, I won’t have to say that again, but I am afraid I will. I am afraid that when we look at some of the data on what the tax impact would be on certain income brackets in the United States, even starting in the first year where the analysis starts, 2019—I am looking at page 3 of a report by the Tax Policy Center dated Novem-ber 20 and based upon the Senate bill. In that year, tax year 2019, table No. 1 focuses on three income categories: folks making between $50,000 and $87,000; folks making between about $310,000 and $750,000; and others making above $750,000, so basically the top 1 percent. Here is what they find. The Tax Policy Center tells us that the first group, the family making $50,000 to $87,000, would receive an average tax cut of about $900, or 1.4 percent of after-tax income. The next group, the $310,000 to $750,000 income, gets a tax benefit that amounts to about $12,000, or 3.5 percent. The top 1 percent— $750,000 and up—they get a tax break of $34,000, or 2.2 percent. Probably the most significant num-bers in there by way of comparison aren’t necessarily the dollar amounts, although I would ask why the top 1 per-cent needs $34,000 in 2019. I don’t think that should be part of our legislation. I would like to see all of the tax benefits to the top 1 percent go to the middle and those trying to get to the middle. But let’s do the comparison. In the first year, in terms of these families making $50,000 to $87,000, they get 1.4 percent. The folks making be-tween $310,000 and $750,000 get 3.5 per-cent—more than two full percentage points higher. Why is that? Why do people making $310,000 to $750,000 get a much bigger percentage tax cut than people making $50,000 to $87,000? The third category is the top 1 percent, and they get 2.2 percent. So I have prob-lems with this legislation just based upon that. Why does the top 1 percent need one more penny? Why do very wealthy people—maybe not quite the top 1 percent but the 95th to 99th per-centile, the $310,000 to $750,000 cat-egory—why do they need a tax break? Guess what. It doesn’t get any better down the road. And I am not talking about 2027, where it is cataclysmic for families in the middle; let’s talk about 2 years before that. It is still bad. It is still 3 percent, by comparison, for the very wealthy, people making up to $750,000. The top 1 percent are still get-ting 2.1 percent. But the income cat-egory between $50,000 and $87,000 gets 1.2 percent of the tax cut, so they will be getting worse in 2025. Why is that? As my colleague, the senior Senator from Colorado, shows in that chart, why do people making more than $1 million need $34 billion in 1 year? I don’t understand it. Let me focus in particular on part of the debate about which we really haven’t had much discussion. The im-pact of this tax bill may be the only substantial effort that will be made on tax reform for years, if not decades. We know that the last time any kind of major tax reform was done was 1986, so three decades have passed since the last tax reform effort. So this is a criti-cally important moment not just for taxpayers, not just for the economy, not just for families generally, but es-pecially for children. In a bill of this significance, a bill of this impact, one major question should be asked, among many: What will be the impact on children? What is the child impact statement, if we were to draft one, if we had to articulate that? What is the impact on children of this legislation? Well, there are a lot of organizations around the country that pay attention to public policy as it relates to chil-dren. I am looking at a letter dated No-vember 28 and signed by a long list of organizations that advocate on behalf of children, and I will just read some of the headlines from this letter. The first headline says: ‘‘The Senate tax plan threatens child care programs and funding for the future.’’ The second major headline says: ‘‘The Senate tax bill’s proposal to cut the Affordable Care Act would harm children’s health and well-being.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.028 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7671 December 1, 2017 
The next headline says: ‘‘The Child Tax Credit proposal in the Senate tax bill would not help families who strug-gle to pay for child care.’’ The next headline says: ‘‘The Senate tax bill also takes away other tax bene-fits that ordinary families rely on.’’ Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that this letter be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
DEAR SENATOR : As members of the Child Care/Early Learning Coalition, we urge you to vote against the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’ This bill would eliminate existing benefits in the tax code for children and families, as well as undermine critical supports, includ-ing those related to child care and early edu-cation, in the future. The Senate tax plan threatens child care programs and funding in the future. The Sen-ate tax bill, which consists largely of mas-sive tax cuts for businesses and the wealthy, is estimated to increase the deficit by about $1.4 trillion over ten years. The budget agreed upon by the House and Senate pro-vides a roadmap of how Congress will seek to offset this increase in the deficit: by cutting federal spending and, in particular, by slash-ing programs and services that provide work-ing families with a basic standard of living. That means this tax bill will ultimately lead to cuts in programs that are integral to the wellbeing of children and their families, in-cluding Medicaid, SNAP, public education, and the Child Care and Development Block Grant. The Senate tax bill’s proposal to cut the Affordable Care Act would harm children’s health and well-being. The Senate bill would repeal the ACA’s individual responsibility provision, a requirement that most people enroll in coverage or pay a penalty. Esti-mates from the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) show that repealing the ACA’s indi-vidual responsibility provision would in-crease the number of uninsured by 13 million over 10 years and raise insurance premiums in the individual markets by 10 percent. Children’s health and well-being suffers when their families lack the health insurance they need to see a doctor when they are sick or for preventive care. The Senate has already rejected an attempt to repealing the ACA, and now the bill would sneak this in in order to fund even larger tax cuts for high-income households and corporations. The Child Tax Credit proposal in the Sen-ate tax bill would not help families who struggle to pay for child care. The Senate tax bill would increase the Child Tax Credit (CTC), but does not make this increase fully refundable. As a result, lower-income fami-lies will not receive the full benefit: for ex-ample, a single mother working full time at the federal minimum wage and earning $14,500 would only receive an additional $75 in CTC benefits. In addition, the tax plan bills adds a new requirement—providing a Social Security Number for each child claimed for the refundable portion of the CTC—which could exclude a significant num-ber of children in immigrant families. This is not an approach targeted to help families striving to make ends meet, and does noth-ing to address the high cost of child care with which so many working families strug-gle every day. The Senate tax bill also takes away other tax benefits that ordinary families rely on. Even though the Senate tax bill proposes in-creasing the CTC (and doubling the standard deduction), the bill also proposes eliminating personal and dependency exemptions, elimi-nating the deduction for state and local taxes, and eliminating deductions for some employment-related expenses. This would leave many families worse off. And the Sen-ate bill makes all of the tax benefits for fam-ilies temporary, expiring at the end of 2025, even though the proposed corporate tax cuts are all permanent. There is a better way to help families and children and to build a strong economy now and in the future. Instead of these ill-con-ceived tax cuts, Congress can help families through the tax code by enacting the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit Enhance-ment Act of 2017, and ensure that all chil-dren and families who need it get high qual-ity child care and early education by enact-ing the Child Care for Working Families Act. Sincerely, Association of Asian Pacific Community Health Organizations (AAPCHO), Center for American Progress, Center for Community Change Action, Children’s Defense Fund, Children’s Leadership Council, CLASP, Every Child Matters, Family Focused Treat-ment Association, Generations United, Health Care for America Now, Jumpstart, Make it Work, Mi Familia Vota, National Association of Family Child Care Providers, National Association for Bilingual Edu-cation, National Association of Social Work-ers (NASW), National Council of Jewish Women, National LGBTQ Task Force Action Fund, National Physicians Alliance, Na-tional Women’s Law Center, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice, SparkAction, The Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy, United Auto Workers, Working Families Party, ZERO TO THREE. 
Mr. CASEY. That is just one brief as-sessment of the impact of this legisla-tion on children, but I think that should be a question we ask of every major piece of legislation. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, will my friend from Pennsylvania yield briefly? Mr. CASEY. Yes. Mr. WYDEN. He is a very fine mem-ber of the Finance Committee. I don’t remember any discussion in our committee about how this specific legislation affects children. My col-league is really the expert on the sub-ject, and maybe he can tell me if he re-calls such a thing with respect to this specific legislation and what it means for children. I don’t remember such a discussion. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I want to say to the senior Senator from Oregon, as the ranking member of the com-mittee, he will remember, as I do, that in the course of that so-called markup, which is a fancy Washington word for having some debates and offering amendments, there was no hearing—no hearing for days, and there has still been no hearing on the Senate bill passed out of the Finance Committee and the new version of the bill that we will see right now. So, in the course of that discussion, there were no hear-ings. It would have been helpful to us and to the American people if we had the major organizations come in before the Finance Committee and give us testi-mony about the impact on children— organizations that have spent decades advocating on behalf of children, doing public policy research as it relates to children, but we never heard that be-cause there were no hearings, not a sin-gle hearing on the bill. There was dis-cussion, and there were questions for some tax policy experts, but nothing in the way of hearings that could probe very deeply on what happens to kids. I think the American people would like to know more about what will hap-pen with the child tax credit, for exam-ple. There has been a lot of talk on the Republican side about the child tax credit; they are allegedly making it better. Well, the Senate Republican plan does increase the maximum tax credit for children from $1,000 to $2,000 per child. That sounds pretty good so far, right—$1,000 to $2,000. But because the bill limits refundability, a mom working full-time at minimum wage will see only an additional $75 in the child tax credit, while a married couple earning $500,000 would become newly eligible for the maximum $2,000-per- child credit. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, 10 million chil-dren—10 million—live in families who would get $6.25 or less per month in the additional child tax credit in this bill. So there is not much improvement in the child tax credit on maybe the only tax reform bill that this body will con-sider for the next 30 years. Let’s say it is only 10 years. Wouldn’t it be nice to have some testimony from experts across this country who live and breathe the work of being advocates for children, who study every bill to deter-mine whether it impacts on children. Wouldn’t it be nice to have their testi-mony maybe on the child tax credit, maybe just on the child and dependent care tax credit, which is the only tax provision in law right now that helps people pay for childcare. Ask any family: What is your No. 1 concern, other than making ends meet and maybe paying for higher edu-cation? Other than a few priorities like that, their No. 1 concern is how to pay for childcare, but there is no testimony on that issue that relates to the bill. There is no testimony at all because there were no hearings on the bill. How can you have a child impact statement, how can you even generalize about it without a hearing? Of course, we need more than gen-eralizations. We need specifics. So I think we have to ask those questions and be focused on children in a very specific way. Here is the last thing I will say. This opportunity to come together in a bi-partisan fashion, which has not hap-pened in this case—but we have the op-portunity, and the majority could have taken a different path. They could have said to us months ago: Let’s have a bi-partisan process. Let’s not move to a pathway that requires only 51 votes. Let’s have a real bipartisan process on tax reform as they did in the mid-1980s, resulting in the 1986 bill. They could have said: Do you know what? We have a bipartisan concern about children. We like the child tax credit. We like the child independent care tax credit. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.029 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7672 December 1, 2017 
We like the earned-income tax credit. All of those are good policies. We want to make them better. We want to have a bipartisan effort to infuse all of those policies with even more funding, more help to make them more robust for our children, but that never happened. Once again, because of what the ma-jority did, the pathway they selected to passing their bill with only Repub-lican votes—and that was their choice—we will have a tax bill that will not have a child impact statement, will not have hearings about the impact on children and families, will not have any of that. Once again, we will prove that Washington, DC, never misses an opportunity to miss an opportunity, es-pecially as it relates to children and families. That is particularly insulting to the American people and regrettable because we have a moment here where we are trying to do tax reform and be-cause it is not bipartisan, because there were no hearings on the bill, the impact on children will never ever be fully assessed. That is not just a trag-edy, but that is a real insult to our families and to our children. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, how much time is remaining on the major-ity side? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Ten and a half minutes remains. Mr. TOOMEY. OK. Thank you, Mr. President. I will be brief because I think my colleague from South Caro-lina has a comment he wants to make. Let me respond just briefly to my colleague from my State of Pennsyl-vania. Our bill increases the child tax credit. Our bill lowers the tax burden on every category of income earners, including working families, middle-in-come families—every category. As my colleague from Colorado dem-onstrated kindly, he showed in the chart that the biggest proportional savings go to the lower-income fami-lies, and the pro-growth policy is going to create more job opportunities at higher wages. So let’s see: more money in child tax credit, less taxes owed on the part of families, more job opportu-nities, and higher wages. I think it is a pretty safe bet that this is good for kids. I think it is a pretty safe bet that when families get to keep more of their money, that is probably good for their kids. I think most of my constituents would probably agree with that. We have heard folks on the other side suggest that we are actually not cut-ting taxes on the middle class. This is unfortunate because we have enough areas where we disagree without hav-ing to make up areas that aren’t true. Our friends on the other side like high-er taxes; we like lower taxes. They like to redistribute wealth; we like people who earn it to keep wealth. We focus on growing the economy; they want to grow government. We have honest dif-ferences in priorities, so I wish we would focus on where there are actual differences and the facts in question. But there is no question that we are lowering taxes on middle-income fami-lies because we are lowering taxes on every category of wages. The people who are watching on C– SPAN and the people who are listening in the gallery must get a little frus-trated and must ask themselves: Well, who can we believe? We hear one side say: This is lower taxes for working families. We have the other side say: Oh, it is higher taxes. I have a suggestion. I know there is a solution. You could look it up at Joint Committee on Taxation, but that is te-dious. You have to go to the website, you have to find it, and then you would see in the tables—because they are un-ambiguous—that taxes owed go down in every category. Do you know when people are going to know for sure what the answer is? It is going to come in January when the withholding in their paycheck changes and when their take-home pay goes up because the taxes they owe go down. I know we are still a few weeks away from that, but when this passes and gets signed into law, the proof is going to be very clear, and people are going to see it. Here is a quick word about the repeal of the individual mandate. My friend and colleague from Oregon described it. I am paraphrasing, but I think I will get it about right. He described the re-peal of the individual mandate as driv-ing a stake through the heart of ObamaCare or something equivalent to that. I couldn’t help but think: What an incredibly damming indictment of ObamaCare. Think about what that means. Think about what they are saying if repealing the individual mandate drives a stake through the heart of ObamaCare. The individual mandate is the provision which says that you have to buy this whether you want it or not. You have to. You are forced to. The government dictates the terms, the government effectively dictates prices, and you must buy it. If you don’t, you will get hit with a penalty, a tax pen-alty. We don’t actually repeal the man-date, but we eliminate that tax pen-alty, and that is going to be very help-ful for low- and middle-income fami-lies, working-class families. In Penn-sylvania, 83 percent of all the people who get hit with this individual man-date tax live in a household with in-come of $50,000 or less. That is who is paying this. But what I wanted to stress for a mo-ment is what a damming indictment it is of ObamaCare that it only works, ac-cording to its proponents, if people are forced to buy the product. It is so badly designed, it is so terrible that people will not buy it voluntarily, despite huge subsidies. We don’t change any of the subsidies. They are all available to anyone who wants to participate. We don’t change the rules. We don’t change eligibility. We don’t change anything except one thing. We say that if you decide this plan doesn’t fit your family or if you decide for all the subsidies you get it is still not worth it for you to have this plan and you opt out, you will no longer be punished with this tax. That is the only thing we do in this bill. Since we eliminate that coercion, which forces people to buy it, our col-leagues on the other side say that drives a stake through the heart of ObamaCare. It seems to me that a product or a service that people have to be forced to buy and that is killed if they are not forced to buy it probably isn’t a great deal for those people, and I think we just got that admission. With that, I yield to my colleague from South Carolina. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina Mr. SCOTT. I will say, Mr. President, that my colleague from Pennsylvania did such a good job that there is little left to say. I was fumbling because I was just confused on what I would say, and I will be honest with you that there is just not much to say. If I were to reinforce a couple of points that the Senator did not cover, they would be that at our last Finance hearing, which lasted—I thought it was 12 hours; it was 23 hours—we had our friends on the other side offer 63 amendments. To say that they are not engaged in the process is to forget the 63 amendments offered over 23 hours. Senator T
OOMEY did such a good job that I am just going to sit back down. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, Senator S
COTT and I and the Senator from Pennsylvania were all there at what we call the markup. Mr. SCOTT. We were. Mr. THUNE. My recollection is like his, and, frankly, my recollection, when it comes to all the work that went into getting us to where we are dates back a long way. I joined the Senate Finance Committee in 2011. I am not sure when the Senator from South Carolina joined or the Senator from Pennsylvania, but it was shortly after that, I think. Since I have been on the Finance Committee, we have had 70-plus hear-ings—70-plus hearings on tax reform. We have looked at every facet, every aspect, every element of the Tax Code. We even went so far 2 years ago, in 2015, to create five working groups. We all participated in those, along with, I might add, our Democratic colleagues, each of whom had a key role in helping with the final recommendations that were put forward. A lot of what is in this bill is based upon the work that was done by those working groups. There isn’t a single shred of the Tax Code that we haven’t covered and haven’t studied in great detail. Then, of course, as the Senator from South Carolina pointed out, when it came time to mark the bill up, we spent several days—23 hours debating back and forth, listening to each other, and in some cases arguing. In some 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.031 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7673 December 1, 2017 
cases, those were very spirited argu-ments. The Democrats offered 63 amendments, all of which got votes in the Senate Finance Committee. So for anybody to suggest that this has been anything but a transparent process based upon years of work and buildup and lead-up to get us to where we are today is absolutely misstating the facts. I think the work we have done in advance of this has led to a product that is the culmination of a great deal of thought, a great deal of input, and a great deal of research from not only experts in the field but fellow Members—Democrats and Repub-licans—Senators and staff—who have gotten us to where we are today. I think the fact, which has been pointed out many times, that a family that is living paycheck to paycheck will now get the benefit of a doubling of the standard deduction and a dou-bling of the child tax credit, frankly, I happen to believe—contrary to my col-league from Pennsylvania—is a pretty big deal. If you are a family who has any sort of tax liability, that tax credit is a dollar-for-dollar credit against that tax liability. An increased portion of that is refundable under this legisla-tion. If you look at the lower rates we have in the bill, that middle-income family in this country stands to benefit significantly as a result of this to the tune of—if you are a family of four with a combined annual income of $73,000—an additional $2,200 in your pocket. That is $2,200 in the American family’s pocket that they get to decide how to spend. As the Senator of Pennsylvania pointed out, don’t take our word for it. You can sit down, if you like to, and look at the features of the bill. Look at your individual tax situation. Plug in these changes, and I think you will find you are going to see a pretty signifi-cant reduction in your tax liability. When January rolls around when this passes, people will get their check. When they look at their withholdings, they will realize they have a lot more money. That paycheck is bigger. The paycheck is going to be bigger. Why? The amount taken out in terms of Fed-eral taxes is going to be significantly smaller. That is a good thing for the American family. That is why this debate and the bill we have before us are so important, not only to those families who are trying to build a stronger, brighter, and more prosperous future for themselves and their families but also for this Amer-ican economy. With the other changes that are made in the bill, it is going to lead to better paying jobs and higher wages that are going to lift the boats of all Americans. Americans haven’t had a pay raise, literally, in about the past decade. We haven’t had a single year in the Obama years of 3 percent growth, which has been the historical average going back to the end of World War II. We are growing at 1.5 to 2 percent. We don’t happen to believe that is good enough. We think we can do better. That shouldn’t be the new normal. The American economy is the greatest economy on the face of the Earth. We ought to be able to grow at 3 to 3.5 per-cent. I can tell you, ladies and gentlemen, that the average middle-income family in this country is not only going to get a big tax cut—which means they are going to get a bigger paycheck and have more money in their pocket—but they will get the benefit of the higher wages coming with a growing, more dy-namic economy that it reflects. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I would just like to respond briefly to the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania, who is baffled by why we are so opposed to the health provisions of the bill. The Congres-sional Budget Office says that the ma-jority’s provisions will cause 13 million people to lose coverage and premiums to go up 10 percent. This morning’s paper makes the point that it will bring back junk insurance, which once again will allow discrimination against people with preexisting conditions. I will use the last 30 seconds that I have, as we await the majority leader, to say, once again, that the American people and the Congress are actually going to find out some information about what is being offered. I would just like to close my use of the minute by pointing out now an-other double standard. It sure looks like lobbyists on K Street have more and better information about what is about to be offered than do Democrats in the Senate. So what we are talking about is that we have seen one double standard after another. The tax breaks for the middle-class are temporary, and the wealthy get permanent ones. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. All time has expired. The Senator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I sug-gest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Mr. TOOMEY. I object. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objec-tion is heard. The legislative clerk continued with the call of the roll. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from South Carolina is recognized. Mr. SCOTT. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order and with the majority leader being recognized at the conclu-sion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, here we are now at 4:15. We still have not seen this bill—a $10 trillion bill, the biggest tax bill in more than three decades, with changes involving billions and bil-lions of dollars made, apparently, over-night. I have made it clear that when the leader, Senator MCCONNELL , comes back down, we expect to see this bill. We were told essentially an hour ago that we would see this in a matter of minutes. The American people have a right to know that even though the majority wants to make $10 trillion worth of tax policy changes on the fly, this side of the aisle is going to insist on knowing what is in the bill. My colleague has been very patient, and I wish him to be recognized on our time now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Minnesota. Mr. FRANKEN. Mr. President, I rise this evening in opposition to the tax bill before us. I think the problem in our country isn’t that wealthy people in this country aren’t wealthy enough; the problem is, the wealth gap has grown to the highest levels in my life-time. This bill would make that wealth gap even bigger. Senator Paul Wellstone often said: ‘‘We all do better when we all do bet-ter.’’ He knew the economy does better when there is a strong middle class and when working families have more money to spend. Unfortunately, the Republican tax bill does the opposite of what Paul Wellstone argued for. In-stead of helping working families, it raises taxes on at least 14 million of them, and it uses this revenue to give $1 trillion to the superrich, all while adding $1.5 trillion to our national debt. This is, at its core, an awful bill. When President Trump took office, he pledged that he would look out for the ‘‘forgotten men and women,’’ not the wealthy. This bill is a betrayal of that commitment. I believe Congress should work on a bipartisan basis to make our Tax Code fairer and simpler for working families, and that is what I have advocated for since I joined the Senate. Democrats have made a good-faith effort to work in a bipartisan manner on a tax reform bill with Republicans, but Republicans have chosen, from the very start of this Congress, to take a purely partisan ap-proach that has left Democrats en-tirely out of the discussion. We all know this bill is being rushed through Congress so Republicans can claim a legislative achievement by the end of the year. That is not the way you get a fairer, simpler Tax Code. You get a fairer, simpler Tax Code by hav-ing hearings with outside witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.032 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7674 December 1, 2017 
You get a fairer, simpler Tax Code by giving Americans an opportunity to weigh in as it is being drafted, to re-view the bill, and to share their views. You get a simpler, fairer Tax Code by doing it in a bipartisan manner, not by excluding Democrats entirely from the drafting of the bill. The fast-track process Republicans are using is just like the Republicans’ equally partisan, equally secretive, and equally rushed attempt to repeal and replace ObamaCare earlier this year. Americans deserve better. In their effort to get this bill through before Americans realize just how dam-aging it is, many Republicans have made some misleading claims about it. For example, Republicans often cite the fact that the bill would double the standard deduction that families can claim on their tax return. That is true, but they always seem to leave out the very important fact that their bill would also eliminate the personal ex-emption. The personal exemption is about $4,000 for each family member, so when compared with a $12,000 increase in the standard deduction, it means households with two parents and more than one child would be worse off under the Republican tax bill than under cur-rent law; for example, with two chil-dren. Sometimes they argue that doubling the child tax credit from $1,000 to $2,000 would offset the loss of the personal ex-emption, but under their plan families who most need the help would get hardly anything from the increase in the child tax credit, which is not re-fundable. So, for instance, a family liv-ing off a minimum wage earner would benefit by only about 75 more dollars under this bill’s revised child tax cred-it, not the full $1,000 some Republicans promise, but the Republican bill would also now allow people earning up to $500,000 a year to claim the full tax credit of $2,000 per child. That is $500,000 a year, up from $110,000 as it is now. So that is $75 more per child for a minimum wage earner and $2,000 per child for someone making $500,000 a year. That is just not fair. We hear from my friends on the Re-publican side that tax cuts always pay for themselves. Ask the people of Kan-sas about that. When Kansas cut taxes in 2012 and in 2013, State revenues plummeted, Kansas slashed university budgets, canceled highway projects, and had to borrow $1 billion to fund their public pension plan. Schools around the State started going 4 days a week. Teachers moved across the river from Kansas City, KS, to Kansas City, MO. From 2013 to mid-2017, the Kansas economy underperformed that of near-ly all its neighbors and the United States overall in economic growth, pri-vate sector job creation, passthrough business formation, and labor force participation. Finally, corporations begged the legislature to raise their taxes, which they did, over the Gov-ernor’s veto. That is Kansas; take the whole coun-try. Bruce Bartlett, Ronald Reagan’s economic adviser, wrote a few weeks ago: 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 reduced the top personal tax rate to just 28 percent from 50 percent, and the corporate percent to 34 percent from 46 percent. Yet there was no in-crease in the rate of economic growth in sub-sequent years, and by 1990, the economy was in deep recession. 
Tax cuts don’t magically pay for themselves. I would also like to highlight the Re-publican hypocrisy on budget deficits. For many years, Republicans have used budget deficits as an excuse to block important pieces of legislation. In fact, even now, we are in danger of stripping health insurance away from 9 million children because of difficulties finding offsets for reauthorization of the Chil-dren’s Health Insurance Program. Yet, when it comes to the tax bill, only a handful of Republicans have raised con-cerns about the fact that it would add $1.5 trillion to our national debt. We know from experience that as soon as the ink is dry on this bill, Re-publicans will cite the rising national debt caused by this bill as a reason to cut key programs that millions of Americans use every day—things like Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, job training, education, infrastructure, and affordable housing. In fact, under their budget resolution that Repub-licans adopted just 2 months ago, they laid out their plans for these reduc-tions, which would include over $1 tril-lion in Medicaid cuts and $470 billion in Medicare cuts. This bill would also trigger auto-matic cuts to some key programs. So in exchange for the bill’s minimum tax cuts for some working families, start-ing in 2018, there would be an auto-matic 4-percent reduction in Medicare payments and a zeroing out of other key accounts—a zeroing out of the Crime Victims Fund, farm price sup-port programs, and the social services block grant that provides funds to Meals on Wheels, youth counseling, and other important services for vul-nerable people. There are many better uses for $1.5 trillion. President Trump said he want-ed to work with Congress on a $1 tril-lion infrastructure package to rebuild our roads, our airports, our ports, and to build broadband across America. I have said I would like to work with the President and my Republican col-leagues on a comprehensive bill, but this bill would make it impossible to enact a $1 trillion infrastructure pack-age the President promised and which we have really heard nothing about. There are too many other flaws with the Republican bill to highlight them all now, but I would like to raise one that is particularly important to Min-nesotans. The bill before us today would eliminate the State and local tax deduction. It is an important de-duction because when people deduct the taxes they pay to their State and local governments, first of all, it pre-vents the double taxation of their in-come, and it enables our local commu-nities to make investments in public safety and education, childcare, and in-frastructure. According to the Tax Pol-icy Center, 34 percent of Minnesotans claim the State and local tax deduc-tion, with an average deduction of al-most $13,000. Eliminating this deduc-tion means a significant tax increase for those families and would make it harder for local communities in Min-nesota to raise the revenue necessary to make vital investments. I have heard outrage over the Repub-lican approach to tax reform from a very wide range of my constituents. I have heard from Minnesota farmers about how it would undermine agricul-tural cooperatives, which are really important to Minnesota. I have heard from Minnesota students who are con-cerned it will force them out of grad-uate school. I have heard from Min-nesota homebuilders and developers who say it would cut affordable hous-ing construction in half. I have heard from Realtors who say the bill could crater the real estate market. I have heard from many ordinary Americans who say the bill is simply unfair. Americans deserve a fairer, simpler Tax Code, not the debt-funded give-away to the wealthy that Republicans are trying to force through the Senate today. That is why I oppose this bill, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Carolina. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, we have heard a lot about this bill over the last several hours and, frankly, several weeks, and we have had a lot of con-versations over the last several months, but, today, December 1, 2017, at 4:24 p.m.—and I hope we remember this because I have finally heard the definition of ‘‘fearmongering.’’ Someone once said that fear is an ac-ronym for false evidence appearing real. What we have heard today is that because of the passage of this bill, the Crime Victims Fund will be zeroed out. We heard the social services block grants will go away. We heard there will be cuts to Medicaid. I want all the folks in this Chamber to remember the time so that if they ever have to go back and find it, they will know it was December 1 at 4:24 p.m. when it was said. So here is my thought: A few months into 2018, when your takehome pay has increased because the government is taking less of your hard-earned money—punishing you less and reward-ing your success more—just remember to check and see if there is any money in the Crime Victims Fund; I would suggest they check and see if there are any dollars in the social services block grant; and I hope they will check and see if there has been a cut to Medicaid because if you cannot find those cuts, there is one reason: They do not exist. I look forward to hopefully passing this bill today. I hope we do. I look for-ward to the American people taking 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.035 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7675 December 1, 2017 
the time to remember the exact time, the exact date that this was said, and then do the research necessary to draw their own conclusion. The first conclu-sion that will be easy to come to is that when you look at your pay stub and you see there is more money in it in 2018 than there was in 2017, just re-member how it got there. It is not be-cause of what we do, because there are some folks on this side of the Potomac who believe we actually have Federal dollars. There are no Federal dollars. Every penny we spend in Washington comes from a taxpayer somewhere. There are no Federal dollars; there are simply taxpayer dollars arriving in Washington to be used in some way. I am only suggesting that the aver-age American can spend their money in the way best for their family signifi-cantly better than we can. So I hope the good people of this country who are paying attention to this very important debate will be able to remember 4:24 p.m. so they can re-view the tape, review the video, the DVR—or whatever you call it now-adays—and see for themselves what was said or go someplace online and figure out, at the end of 2018, the mid-dle of 2018, the beginning of 2018, has something actually changed other than that you have more money in your paycheck? Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes equally divided for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order and with the majority leader being recognized at the conclusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I have just seen an air-dropped list of provi-sions—there seem to be upwards of 30— and it sure looks as if the lobbyists have been working overtime. They must have earned a holiday gift with this new bonanza of goodies. We still await a bill that we are going to read, although I saw some-thing that might actually be a bill. So we are going to use this time so col-leagues can get into some of these questions about this array of treats that the lobbyists seem to have figured out how, in the last few hours—perhaps overnight—to carve out for their ben-efit. To start our discussion for our 15 minutes, I believe my friend and col-league Senator M
ERKLEY is going to start. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I thank my senior colleague from Oregon for his leadership in this debate on these important tax provisions. There is so much at stake here for the future of our society as we have been debating what we see as one provision after an-other that is designed to make the richest Americans richer while increas-ing the taxes on some 87 million mid-dle-class Americans. Then, we get this nice, little list. Republicans have given the lobbyists a list of 30 special inter-est provisions, circulated it, and said: This is what we are going to put in our managers’ amendment for all of you. My colleague from South Carolina was speaking a moment ago about one that hasn’t even been filed—life insur-ance provisions. What is that? Maybe my colleague would like to come to the floor and explain it and explain why this is being circulated to lobbyists, to the swamp, instead of to the Members of the U.S. Senate. Thirty of these pro-visions—who knows what all is in this. Isn’t there any form of transparency or integrity left in this Chamber in terms of legislative debate? Have the Amer-ican people had a chance to see this list? It is online now. The few who might be listening in might be able to see these titles, but this is not the way to do business in the U.S. Senate. This is not the way to do the people’s busi-ness. This is the way to do the swamp’s business. What happened to clearing the swamp? What happened to that? How is it that the richest Americans are mak-ing out like bandits rather than the middle class doing well under this bill? Why is that? Why are there billions of dollars going to the richest Americans by eliminating the alternative min-imum tax? Why are there hundreds of billions of dollars going in other provi-sions, including changing the upper limit tax brackets, including the passthroughs for affluent, highly suc-cessful LLCs? How about that? What is this list, and why haven’t the American people seen all of the details about it? This type of chicanery is in-appropriate. Take and give the list to the Members of the Senate, not to K Street. This close partnership between the Republican majority and K Street, filling them in, doing those special fa-vors, and not even filling in the body here so we can have a conversation about each of these items, this is abso-lutely a horrific way to do business. This is the way the powerful and the privilege want business to be done. My Republican colleagues are working with them hand in hand instead of working for and by the American peo-ple. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, this is a big day because we are about to pro-vide tax relief to millions of people in Ohio and around the country—middle- class tax cuts, doubling the standard deduction, doubling the child tax cred-it, lower rates for people in every bracket. In my home State of Ohio, we have the opportunity to see people who are making $50,000 a year, with two kids, see a 26-percent tax cut. That is important. My colleague just talked about his concern about some of the provisions that are before us. I will say, these have all been filed. That doesn’t always happen around here, and it should. These have all been filed, and people can go on rpc.senate.gov. These were made public. Nothing is on this list that hasn’t been filed publicly. Just looking at it, the biggest one that my colleague talked about as being something to help rich people is the deduction for property taxes. It is capped at $10,000. There is a deduction for allowing people to deduct their property taxes, which is incredibly im-portant for middle-class families around the country. Some people on the other side want to go much further and provide much larger deductions and make those for State and local taxes. By the way, their proposal would go primarily to upper income people, the proposal they have. That benefit goes primarily to those who are making higher incomes. How is it paid? It is a $10,000 deduction for property tax. It is paid for by exactly the provision my colleague from Oregon just complained about because he said he wanted to be sure people had to pay an alternative minimum tax, and that alternative minimum tax is being used to pay for this middle-class tax cut we are talk-ing about. Anyway, that is the biggest item by far. The second biggest item is for the passthrough companies. These are the smaller businesses in America, and it is to try to have some more parity be-tween the passthrough companies and the so-called C corporations. Again, that is something that is really impor-tant to small businesses in my home State of Ohio and around the country. I encourage him to take a look. All of these have been filed. He can look at them now or he can go online, as any citizen can, and take a look at these things. I would say that at the end of the day, I know we had a difference of opinion on whether there should be tax cuts, but we think tax relief is appro-priate right now. We think the middle- class families who have not seen an in-crease in their wages, not just for the last few years but the last couple of decades, need a little help. Their ex-penses have not gone down. They have gone up. Wages have been flat. That middle-class squeeze is addressed through these tax cuts—on average, about $2,375 for an Ohio median-income family. That is important. People who are working paycheck to paycheck will find this to be incredibly important. Maybe they can put a little more money aside for retirement. Maybe it can help with their healthcare costs, which have gone up 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.036 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7676 December 1, 2017 
dramatically as wages have been flat. Maybe they can help people be able to buy a car or to make a car payment if they already have a car. These are real tax cuts. They are going to help mid-dle-class families. Again, I hope my colleagues will look at some of these changes, like the $10,000 deduction for property taxes paid for with the alter-native minimum tax changes and help us be able to make this legislation even more generous for folks in the middle class, as they say they are for. With that, I would like to ask my colleague from South Carolina, who has been very involved in the child tax credit, ensuring we have a reduction of the brackets, if he would have a few comments on those. Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I thank my good friend from Ohio. I say to Senator P
ORTMAN , may I see that list? I have been on the floor and, unfortunately, I have not been able to get a copy of the list. Obviously, you have been able to have your staff get it or go online and get a copy of this list. I think my good friend from Oregon said they needed their good friends who are lobbyists to supply them with a list. I am not sure what the other side is missing. They had control of the House, the Senate, and the White House for a couple of years, and they increased spending without doing any-thing about revenues, other than try-ing to have a tax increase a few years ago, $630 billion of tax increases, and somehow they have missed the correla-tion between higher taxes and lower revenues. We have gotten it right that oftentimes lower taxes actually in-crease revenue, which has been proven from the twenties, sixties and eighties. It is good news that my friends on the left are finally thinking about the national debt. We had a couple hundred years of life in America that produced about $10 trillion of national debt. Eight years after Democratic leader-ship, we have a national debt of $20 trillion. I find it a tad disingenuous that my friends on the left are going to counsel us about debt when, in fact, their record is so clearly obvious. When it comes to the benefits this bill has for those folks who are working paycheck to paycheck, as the country saw its debt double in the last 8 years, what they did not see double were their wages. As a matter of fact, their wages were stagnant. Why? Because when you take money out of the private sector economy and place it into the hands of the government, you do not grow the private sector economy. It is a simple formula. While wages were flat, the economy grew at an anemic 1.9 percent, even though they doubled the national debt from $10 trillion to $20 trillion. It is fascinating that my friends on the left, looking for ways to create lobbyist loopholes, are on this floor lecturing anybody about debt. We, on the other hand, aren’t thinking about lobbyists or our friends on the left. We are think-ing about the American people, the hard-working group of individuals who find themselves too often at the end of too many weeks with too little left in their pockets. We are not asking the American peo-ple to just believe us. What we are say-ing with great clarity is, starting in paychecks in 2018, because of our tax cuts targeted toward the typical Amer-ican family, you will see in your pay-check more of your hard-earned money. This is how we say there is proof in the pudding. It is simply to take a look and see how much of that money is left. To my good friend from Ohio, my friends on the other side of the aisle are starting to overcook my grits just a little bit. I don’t mind having a vig-orous debate on facts, but to sell fear— as I said a few minutes ago, fear being false evidence appearing real is just turning the heat up on my grits. I have to tell you, this leads to an unhealthy outcome for the American people be-cause at the end of the day, the goal is not for us to be right and for them to be wrong. I don’t think their goal is for them to be right and for us to be wrong. It is kind of simple. The goal is, and always should be, for the people we represent to be better off because of our decisions in Washington. I can tell you, passing this tax reform bill will leave the typical American family with 60 percent—60 percent—of a tax cut. I yield back. Mr. PORTMAN. I thank my col-league. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, my friend from South Carolina said the proof is in the pudding. I would suggest the proof is in your paycheck. That is what I suggest. We had a chance yesterday with my amendment to absolutely guarantee that my friends on the other side of the aisle believe what they are saying; that people are going to get a minimum of $4,000 in increased wages. I offered an amendment to simply say that in a couple years from now—2 years from now, 2020, we can make it 2021 or 2025, just pick a day when folks are going to get $4,000 in their wages, and we will put that in an amendment and pass it. The truth is, there is no guarantee in this bill. If my friends on the other side of the aisle believed that there would be $4,000 more in wages in middle-class families’ pockets with this supply-side trickle-down economics tax cut, they would have voted for my amendment yesterday, which simply says that if there is a $4,000 increase in wages, the tax cut continues. If it doesn’t, if they don’t have $4,000 more in people’s pock-ets, then the tax giveaway stops be-cause all it means is it is adding to the national debt. I am all for anything that puts money in people’s pockets. I have spon-sored and voted for tax cuts for small businesses, manufacturers, farmers, and families over the years in public service and here in the Senate, and I want to do that; close tax loopholes that are taking jobs overseas, not in-crease new ones, which, by the way, this bill does, a new $4 billion tax loop-hole for oil companies—not closing tax loopholes. If folks really believe this, if they really believe the numbers, let’s lock it down. The proof is in your pay-check. That is what families in Michi-gan are saying. They want to know it is in their paycheck. They want to know it is a guarantee. You know what, they are very skeptical. Because the truth is, in the past, supply-side ec-onomics/trickle-down economics has not worked. You say that it is going to trickle down. People in Michigan are still waiting. They are still waiting to catch it. It is not trickling down. We do have examples. What are the facts? With the tax cut in 1986, 10 years after that, the wages of working people in this country were flat. They did not go up. That is a fact. With President Bill Clinton in his ef-fort to balance the budget in 1997, I was pleased. I had only been in the House for 6 months and went in and had the opportunity to balance the budget, which we did for the first time in 30 years. What happened during that process? Actually, taxes on wealthy people were raised a little bit to give a middle-class tax cut and invest in education, which I know our distinguished Presiding Of-ficer cares deeply about, and innova-tion. What happened? There were 22 million jobs that were created. Then we went into 2001, 2002 with President George W. Bush, and there was a big tax cut in 2001, a supply-side/ trickle-down tax cut. We were told that it was going to put money in people’s pockets. It didn’t. It created debt. In 2003, we had another supply-side tax cut that was going to put money in people’s pockets. It didn’t. It created a huge debt. We had wars that weren’t paid for. Then it went into the biggest recession that we have seen outside of the Great Depression with the financial crisis, and 8 million people lost their jobs. People lost the equity in their homes and their pension values. It was terrible. President Obama came in in 2009 and had to try to begin to dig out of the hole. That is a fact. He began to dig out of that hole and put things back to-gether for folks. It was a big hole, and a lot of families are still feeling that hole. I know that is true in Michigan. So part of me may feel a little skep-tical when I am hearing: Have I got a deal for you. Let’s try supply-side eco-nomics one more time, and this time it really is going to create jobs and really is going to put money in your pockets. There is no proof of that. There is no proof that this grows the economy to be able to cover the costs of the tax giveaways whether you look at supply- side economics, whether you look at new dynamic scoring—the new ways of scoring on things—to make it look bet-ter. That didn’t even show up. What I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.038 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7677 December 1, 2017 
would say is that the proof is in your paychecks, for the people who are watching. There is a lot going back and forth, and it is very confusing because we hear one thing from one side, and we hear the exact opposite from the other. I understand how confusing this is, but I would just ask this: Why weren’t my friends willing to support my amendment that would say that if folks really get the $4,000 min-imum amount being promised in in-creased wages, then this goes on, and if they don’t, then the tax giveaway stops? Why didn’t they support that? Mr. WYDEN. Will the Senator yield? Ms. STABENOW. Yes. Mr. WYDEN. I think my colleague— my seatmate—is making a very impor-tant point. Of course, people always wonder, well, is this kind of a Demo-cratic position or a Republican posi-tion? I want to make it clear that I be-lieve that Tom Barthold, the head of the Joint Committee on Taxation, which is our independent tax umpire, essentially agreed with you. In com-mittee, I believe we asked him whether he thought this huge reduction in the corporate tax rate would translate into $4,000 in the pockets of working fami-lies in Michigan and Oregon. Is that my colleague’s understanding? Ms. STABENOW. Absolutely. We asked that question, as you know, and he indicated that that was not the case. I continue to hear it over and over again. We have heard it from the President of the United States and the Secretary of the Treasury. We have heard it from folks on the floor. Just today, we have seen it in charts on the floor. That is great. If that could really happen, I would support that. It has never happened, and my colleagues will not support guaranteeing that it will happen. This is about putting up or shutting up, in my opinion. That is what we would say in Michigan. It is about whether we are going to guarantee folks that this time around, it is not just a sales job, that it is actually going to end up in their pockets. I see my friend and colleague from Pennsylvania, who offered this amend-ment in committee. I was pleased to join him in committee, and he knows, in Pennsylvania, like I do, that we have gone through some rough and tumble times, and we still have folks who are working too hard at not just one job but two jobs, trying to hold it together, having not seen the pay raises they deserve and have worked for. They want to know that this time around is not going to be voodoo eco-nomics and that it is actually going to increase their paychecks. Mr. WYDEN. Will my colleague yield for a question? Ms. STABENOW. Yes. Mr. WYDEN. My understanding is that you and Senator C
ASEY in par-ticular have been out here—and we are so glad to have our colleague from Con-necticut—wondering when in the world we would actually get to see this legis-lation. Ms. STABENOW. Right. Mr. WYDEN. This pile of papers, for all practical purposes, is what we have been waiting for for days. Ms. STABENOW. I hope you are a speed reader. Mr. WYDEN. I am going to try to do some, but as far as I can tell, it sure looks like a lobbyist’s wish list. There are going to be a lot of folks happy on K Street as they try to shop for the holidays because of the fees they have put together in working to get these changes into the Republican proposal. I appreciate my colleague for giving me the opportunity to make sure that the public knows now that, at this late hour, we are finally getting, after days, the opportunity to see the bill that is actually the bill. Ms. STABENOW. Before turning this to my friend and colleague from Penn-sylvania, I do want to mention just one thing that I understand is in there. There may be things that I am sup-portive of in there. We don’t know. We are trying to figure it out. One thing that I don’t understand, with all of the talk about supporting workers and middle-class workers, is that there is a provision in the bill that reads ‘‘prohibit cash or gift cards as employee achievement awards.’’ So if somebody works very hard and is getting some kind of achievement award, does that mean he would not be allowed to get a bonus? I mean, I don’t know why in the world we would be going after people’s employee achieve-ment awards. That doesn’t sound like help for the middle class to me. I now yield to my friend from Penn-sylvania and thank him for his leader-ship. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. ALEXANDER ). The Senator from Penn-sylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Michigan for focus-ing on the issue of wages because that was the promise—right?—that if you give corporations a tax cut of more than $1.3 trillion—with a ‘‘t’’—all of a sudden, you are going to see wages go up, and workers are going to do a lot better. We know that hasn’t happened in recent history. We will see if the Re-publican argument is correct. I want to put a few facts on the record in light of the debate this after-noon. Many people in both parties have been referring to the documents of the Joint Committee on Taxation, the JCT. I am looking at one of the docu-ments right now to go through some data. This is dated November 27. It is D–17–54 for the Joint Committee on Taxation. Here is some basic data. The Joint Committee on Taxation, which is, of course, Congress’s official scorekeeper, finds that in 2019—right away, early in the implementation of the bill, if this bill is to pass and if the version we just received is to pass—the Senate plan increases taxes on nearly 13 million families earning under $200,000 a year. That is what the docu-ment tells us. That is the under-$200,000 category and 13 million families just in 2019. If you break it down further in terms of folks making between, say, $50,000 and $75,000 and then $75,000 and $100,000, al-most 20 percent of Americans earning between $50,000 and $75,000 a year will see a tax increase or a tax cut of less than $100. That works out to be about $9 a month. Those individuals will have that tax consequence in 2019. So be-tween $50,000 and $75,000 will see either a tax increase or a tax cut of $100 or less. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. CASEY. Then you take the cat-egory of $75,000 to $100,000, and almost 17 percent of Americans in that income category will see a tax cut of less than $9 a month. In the grand total between $50,000 and $100,000, 7.7 million Americans will ei-ther see a tax increase or a tax cut of $100 or less. I don’t call that tax cuts for the middle class. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I wish I could convince my friend from Michi-gan—and she is my friend—about the $4,000 per family that would come from the pro-growth policies here, many of which she supports. She wants her businesses to be competitive, and they are not now. It is an outrage that our companies have to use a tax code that puts the workers in those companies in a disadvantageous position every day. It is not just about inversions, and it is not just about companies getting taken over. By the way, last year, three times as many American companies were taken over by foreign companies as the other way around. Over the last 13 years, 4,700 companies became foreign compa-nies that would today be U.S. compa-nies if this tax bill had been in place. I mean, it is happening. They are taking their jobs and investments with them when they go overseas. We have to fix that problem. It has been bipartisan. There has never been a partisan issue about that. That is where a lot of that $4,000 comes from. It comes from the fact that you are going to have more investment and therefore higher productivity, and workers are going to have a chance to see higher wages. The Congressional Budget Office did a study in which they showed that 70 percent of the benefit of lowering the business rate goes to workers in terms of higher wages and higher benefits. Others say it is less than that. Others say it is more than that. Kevin Hassett, who is the Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers, says that it is more than that. But that is where the $4,000 comes from. I hope it is a lot more than that, but it is on top of the middle-class tax cuts that are very direct. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.040 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7678 December 1, 2017 
In other words, that is not just say-ing that we are going to have a better economy, which I believe we will—and I strongly believe we can improve a broken tax code, as I think everybody does, to make it better for American workers—but beyond that, you have the immediate tax relief, and that is what we have been talking about. This is the doubling of the standard deduction, the doubling of the child tax credit, the lowering of the tax rates. My friend from Pennsylvania just talked about the fact that 20 percent of the people between $50,000 and $75,000— I am not sure where his data was com-ing from, but let’s take it as true— have a small tax cut or a tax increase, and 17 percent between $75,000 and $100,000 are in that category. That means 80 percent of the people in that category have a big tax cut, in the one category, and 83 percent in the other category have a big tax cut. So, yes, a small tax cut—I don’t know how many have a small tax cut and how many have a tax increase, but the vast ma-jority of middle-class families, accord-ing to what my colleague from Penn-sylvania just said, are going to get a big tax cut. I don’t know what is wrong with that. That is $2,375, on average, for a median-income family in Ohio. By the way, economists say that it not only creates the opportunity for people to have a little better family budget through the direct tax cuts but also, of course, more jobs. Here is something interesting. Over the past couple of days, a letter came in from 137 economists—many of them nationally known—who support this legislation. This is what they say: Eco-nomic growth will accelerate if this legislation passes, leading to more jobs, higher wages, and a better stand-ard of living for the American people. They say that there will be signifi-cantly more resources coming into the Federal Government because of this, because of the growth. They think that there will be $1 trillion more revenue coming in because of this, because of the growth. They also think that there will be additional jobs—the Tax Foun-dation says 1 million new jobs. So, yes, I do believe it will be $4,000 per family, but on top of that, I believe that they are going to have a very di-rect benefit. I know they will because the statistics are there—my colleague from Pennsylvania just acknowledged it—that the vast majority of middle- class families are going to see a sub-stantial tax cut. Let me give you a number. For a family with two kids, making $50,000 a year, it is a 36-percent tax cut, on aver-age. That matters. That helps people who are trying to make ends meet. It is real both in terms of the direct tax cuts and in terms of the economic growth and the higher wages that are going to come with that, and that is so important to all of the families we rep-resent. We have had a good discussion here. I see that my colleague from Con-necticut is here and would like to speak, and others, I am sure, are going to want to speak. I would ask my colleague from Or-egon if he would be willing to have an-other unanimous consent that there be additional time equally divided. Mr. WYDEN. I think 30 minutes is what we have been talking about and that it is appropriate. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order and with the majority leader or his designee being recognized at the conclusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PORTMAN. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Thank you very much, Mr. President. I was paying attention to my social media feed, and I have seen that Sen-ators on the Republican side are start-ing to announce which way they are voting. I saw that C
ORKER is a no and C
OLLINS is a yes. I don’t know what they are a no or a yes on. How can you declare which way you are going to vote on a bill that you haven’t read, on a bill that your constituents haven’t seen? Senator W
YDEN just piled up what looked to be about 6 inches’ worth of text in front of the Senate floor. There is no possible way that any Member of this body has read all of that. There is no way that in the time between when it is released to Senators and when we vote, anyone—even from the very close States—is going to be able to get back to their constituents and ask them what they think about this piece of legislation. I guess I would say I have never seen anything like it, but we just went through it earlier this year when we were given about an hour to look at a complete reform of one-sixth of the American economy, the healthcare sys-tem. We are now being asked to vote this evening on a multitrillion-dollar re-form of our Tax Code, and not a single U.S. Senator will have read it. There is no way you will have read it. I just saw how big it is. Maybe Republicans have read it because they have seen it in these secret negotiations, but I can guarantee you that Senate Democrats will not have read this because we have been kept out of the loop on all of these negotiations designed to get to 50 votes—not to 60 votes, not to 70 votes, not a consensus product that can get Republican and Democratic support. I got here in 2007 when Democrats took control of the House and the Sen-ate. I remember during those 2 years all sorts of consternation from Repub-licans about how bills were being rushed through the process. In reaction to that, when Republicans took back control of the House, they instituted something called a 72-hour rule that said that we couldn’t vote on a piece of legislation unless Members have been able to see it for 72 hours. We need a 72- minute rule. I don’t think we are going to be able to look at this legislation for more than 72 minutes—a multitrillion- dollar reform of the U.S. Tax Code—be-fore we are asked to vote on it. Senator WYDEN and others have been waving around this list of lobbyist asked-for amendments that fill up an entire page. We are not going to get 72 minutes to look at this, never mind have a single conversation with our constituents. It is dark out. The bill is going to be introduced on a Friday night. We are going to vote on it over-night. This is supposed to be the world’s greatest deliberative body. It is not supposed to work like this. It is not a middle-class tax cut. I am not going to deny that there are some people in the middle class who are going to get their taxes lowered by this bill, but the middle-class tax cuts here are temporary and they are very selec-tive. They are selective in a way that very peculiarly seems to discriminate against Democratic States. So the States that are represented by Demo-crats don’t get as big a tax cut out of this because it has been crafted in a way that hurts States like mine that utilize the State and local tax deduc-tions more than other States, those that happen to be represented by Re-publicans. It is not a middle-class tax cut be-cause the middle-class tax cuts are temporary. They go away after 7 years. The corporate tax cuts, the inheritance tax cuts for billionaires, are perma-nent. Those go through the full 10-year timeframe. But middle-class families don’t get permanence. After 7 years, 6 out of 10 middle-class families will have their taxes go up, not down. That 7-year timeframe is an impor-tant one because by repealing the indi-vidual mandate, premiums go up by 10 percent a year. Republicans have been screaming about premiums going up, and they decided intentionally to put a provision in this bill that will guar-antee premiums will continue to go up at 10 percent per year. Guess what hap-pens at year 7. Year 7 is when that 10 percent increase year-by-year com-pounds such that premiums will dou-ble. So in year 7—this is a great deal if you are a middle-class taxpayer—your tax cut to the extent it exists in this bill disappears and your healthcare premium is doubled. What it is, is a big tax cut for the wealthy. I am stealing Senator B
EN-
NET’s chart, but he did it very well. We have 572,000 taxpayers—the richest 500,000 Americans—getting $34 billion in tax cuts, and then we have 90 mil-lion taxpayers who are making under $50,000 a year getting $14 billion in tax cuts. I get it. If you are going to structure a tax cut that covers everybody, natu-rally people who make more are going to get more. But why does it make sense to borrow $34 billion to help the wealthiest 500,000 Americans? This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.041 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7679 December 1, 2017 
doesn’t even count the inheritance tax, which is going to help an even smaller percentage of those people even more. Come on, this idea that you could deficit-finance a tax cut for the rich and it will just trickle down and magi-cally result in economic growth—that is just not true. It is fiction. We have decades of economic experience to tell us that when we cut taxes for the rich, it does not magically result in enough economic growth to make up for the deficit, especially deficits that are going to be in the neighborhood of $2 trillion. You might as well claim that unicorns are real. You want to believe that Tupac is still alive, go for it—that is just as plausible as deficit-financed tax cuts for the rich resulting in enough economic growth to wipe out the deficit. It is fiction. It is a fantasy from the beginning. I think we should take our time, read the bill, and have a real conversation about what we are about to do. If our goal is to provide a middle-class tax cut, we could do a much better job if we worked together. This is not a mid-dle-class tax cut for everybody, and after 7 years, the majority of people in the middle class lose that tax cut. There is no reason to borrow this much money for the richest 500,000 Americans. As a Senator with two young kids, I just don’t know why you would ask my kids and so many others to pay back the loans necessary to de-liver this tax cut, especially when it isn’t going to magically result in the kind of economic growth that trickle- down economists have claimed for years and years. It is not impossible to get a bipar-tisan tax bill. I know my Republican friends claim, as they did on healthcare, that there is no good will on the Democratic side to try to craft a bipartisan proposal. The tragedy is that they didn’t even try. There was no attempt to try to find common ground here, just as there was no attempt to try to find common ground on healthcare until the bill failed. I credit Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M UR-
RAY for trying to find that common ground after the healthcare bill failed, but the order switched—try to find common ground first, and if that fails, do it in a partisan fashion, instead of doing it in a partisan fashion, and when that fails, trying to find common ground. This is a really bad deal, a really bad piece of legislation for my constitu-ents—I think, because I will not have read it by the time I am forced to vote on it, and neither will any of the other 99 Members of this body. I will yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, will my colleague yield for a question before he yields? Mr. MURPHY. I will. Mr. WYDEN. I am just curious. I am heading home for townhall meetings in Oregon over the weekend. I am the ranking Democrat on the committee, the storied committee, as my col-leagues know, that works in a bipar-tisan way. Bill Bradley tells this story about how he flew all over the country to meet with Republicans to talk about how you could find common ground to deal with tax reform. At this time, we haven’t been able to get the majority to even walk down the corridor in an effort to try to get a bipartisan bill. As I told my colleagues, I have written two of them. My question to my friend is, when you have your community meeting, how do you think people in Con-necticut are going to react to the idea that we had maybe an hour or so to try to make our way through a bill that is actually the biggest tax bill in 31 years? I know my colleague tries very hard to be straightforward with his constituents, and he will tell them: I got it with insufficient time to get into it. How will they react to that? Mr. MURPHY. I say to Senator WYDEN , I don’t want to be too heavy about this, but everybody shouldn’t as-sume that the way in which we run our country just continues on forever. De-mocracy is unnatural. We don’t run other parts of our lives by democratic vote. We decided to run our country in a way that allows everybody to partici-pate. And, you know, let’s be honest— people have been asking some ques-tions recently about the health of our democracy, and maybe that was a big part of the subtext of the 2016 election. This doesn’t help win people’s faith back in the democratic experiment when they see this casualness afforded to a debate that affects millions of Americans. It hurts us all when a bill this big, this important, gets rammed through under the cover of night. It starts to atrophy people’s faith in the entire way that we go about running our government. I understand that Congress is not that popular. It would be hard to get less popular than we are today. If we ever want to start to climb our way back to legitimacy, then we have to trust the people to be part of the proc-ess of drafting and passing legislation rather than being afraid of the people and burying a bill in the dead of the night, as is happening now. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? The Senator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, I under-stand we now have a new bill. I am looking at Senator W
YDEN hold up that new bill. I got a sheet that looked as if it came from K Street that gave us a list of changes that will be included in the managers’ package. I looked at the list, and somewhere around 50 or 60 new provisions were on that list. Many of those were not bills that had been filed, so we had no idea what was going to be included in it. None of those issues—in fact, nothing in this bill has been subject to an open hearing in the Finance Committee. Now we are going to be asked, I under-stand, maybe later tonight to vote on those changes. Quite frankly, I don’t know what those changes are, and I am not going to have an opportunity to go over those with my constituents. That is wrong. That is not the process we use to change the Tax Code of this country, a major tax reform bill. That is an outrageous process, to say that we are going to vote on a new bill with-out an opportunity to understand it, without any hearings, without an op-portunity for constituents to give their views on it, and I must state that I find that very offensive. I want to talk about one provision in particular, and I hope we will have a chance to do something about it during the amendment process. As I under-stand it, the revised provisions in re-gard to State and local tax deduction still restrict what taxpayers can de-duct on their Federal tax returns in re-gard to State and local taxes that they pay. I admit, this could have been modified, but what I understand is that the modification is that taxpayers will be able to deduct up to $10,000 of prop-erty taxes but will not be able to de-duct any of their State taxes, whether they are income taxes or sales taxes, in regard to the Federal taxes. In my State, we have county income taxes that will not be deductible, if I understand correctly, under the pro-posal we will be voting on. If that is, in fact, correct, that is absolutely wrong, and I want to tell you why. Many of us spent years in the State legislature. Our distinguished Presiding Officer was Governor of his State. We respect State and local governments. It is the same taxpayers that pay the taxes to the counties, to the State, and to the Fed-eral Government. We believe in federalism. Our Nation was founded on federalism. I was proud of my record as speaker of the Mary-land House of Delegates and of working on a federalism task force set up by President Reagan to look at the proper way to respect the rights of the States and local governments. Now we are saying we are not going to respect their ability to finance their oper-ations. I say that because we are going to tax the tax. We are not going to re-spect that the same taxpayer is paying the State of Maryland’s taxes or the State of Tennessee’s taxes. That is wrong. That is an affront, I believe, to the Constitution of this country, but it has an impact. It is going to be much, much more difficult for our States to be able to raise the revenues they need to support our schools and for public safety and health. All those services are going to be much more difficult for our States to be able to finance because of this change that is included in the Senate bill. It is going to be more difficult for local governments. The cap on prop-erty taxes is real and will affect local government’s ability to raise property taxes. But in Maryland and other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.042 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7680 December 1, 2017 
States, our local governments have other sources, including income taxes, that no longer are going to be deduct-ible. That is going to affect my State’s ability to adequately fund public serv-ices. Whether it is education, whether it is transportation, whether it is healthcare, all of that is going to be negatively impacted and it is wrong. I will give you a number, because I know the number in Maryland. Almost 50 percent of Maryland taxpayers de-duct State and local taxes as an itemized deduction. They are going to be disadvantaged by the provision that is included in the Senate bill, and it is wrong. It also has unintended con-sequences, but it is going to have other consequences. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. CARDIN. Mr. President, later I will come back and speak on some of these other issues, but I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, again, we have had some interesting dialogue back and forth. Earlier, my colleague from Connecticut was talking about how this isn’t real middle-class tax re-lief, and then he lamented the fact that because of the arcane budget rules we have around here, after 10 years, all these great tax cuts expire. So you kind of have it both ways there, and I don’t think you can do that, which is that there aren’t real tax cuts but then, when they expire, it is the great-est shame because they are great tax cuts. Here is the reality. There are signifi-cant tax cuts here for the middle class. This legislation doubles the standard deduction. Probably about two-thirds of the people I am talking to tonight already take the standard deduction. Now we will have about 95 percent of people who will take it, and everyone who takes it will be able to, instead of getting $12,000 a family, get $24,000 a family, greatly expanding that. By the way, there is a zero tax bracket, mean-ing people who don’t have any income tax liability. That means a lot to peo-ple I represent who are living paycheck to paycheck, having a tough time mak-ing ends meet. Also, as a result of this, and the other tax relief, about 3 million Ameri-cans who now pay income tax are going to fall off the tax rolls. They are no longer going to have income tax liabil-ity. That is really meaningful to peo-ple. It also doubles the child tax credit. We talked a little bit about that today. It also increases the refundability a lit-tle. But importantly, it helps to ensure that families have the ability to help make ends meet when they are trying to raise kids—the most important thing you can do—and it lowers tax rates. That combination means that you have the kind of tax relief we are talking about. So a family who makes $50,000 a year and has two kids gets a 36-percent tax cut. A family who makes $85,000 a year and has two kids gets a 20-percent tax cut. If you make $165,000 a year and have two kids, you get an 8-percent tax cut. So the benefit is focused more on those who are at the lower end of the economic scale, and I think that is ap-propriate. So it is middle-class tax relief, but here is how it works. As to the share of Federal taxes paid in 2019, which is a year after this is implemented—it starts right away, by the way, so mid-dle-class families are going to get that relief right away—the current is in the red, and then our proposal is in the blue. So if you make zero to $20,000, it is very unlikely that you have income tax liability, but some families do and the average is 0.1 percent. If you make $20,000 to $50,000 a year, your share of the Federal taxes goes down in our bill from 4.3 percent to 4.1 percent. If you make $50,000 to $100,000 a year, your share of the Federal taxes goes from 16.9 percent to 16.7 percent. If you make $100,000 or above, your share goes not down but up, from 78.7 percent to 78.9 percent. The top percent of wage earners in this country, the top 10 per-cent, pay approximately 70 percent of the income taxes right now. After our bill is passed and implemented, they will pay more than 70 percent. So it is a progressive tax cut in the sense that the benefit is focused more on middle- class families who really need the help. That is what the legislation does. Then, in addition to that, in respond-ing to my colleagues who were talking whether there is any economic growth that comes from this, yes, there is a lot of economic growth because the cur-rent code is so bad. It is broken. My colleague from Oregon, who is the ranking member, agrees with that. He has a different solution as to how you get there, but he has been a leader on tax reform for that very reason. The current code is actually putting our workers at a disadvantage, making our families have to go through a great complicated process even to file their taxes. More than half of taxpayers now have to use a tax preparer. That is ter-rible. So this legislation does also provide economic growth by taking that Tax Code, which has this perverse effect of actually telling U.S. companies that it is better that they have workers over-seas and take their investment over-seas or even become a foreign com-pany—the 4,700 companies that are for-eign companies today became foreign companies over the last 13 years be-cause we didn’t have this Tax Code in place. That is based on an Ernst & Young study. I encourage folks to take a look at it. It basically makes the point that because of a broken Tax Code, it is advantageous for U.S. com-panies to take their jobs and invest-ment overseas. That makes no sense. Foreign companies can pay a pre-mium for U.S. companies because of our Tax Code. We have the highest business tax rate in the industrialized world, and we have an international system that encourages people to go overseas and keep their money over-seas. That is crazy. This proposal changes all of that. It says: Let’s get our rate down below the average of the other industrialized countries, and then let’s have an international system that actually encourages them to bring the money back and create more jobs here. In fact, Mr. President, I will say something else. I know you are inter-ested in this. It also encourages foreign investment in this country, because if you are a foreign auto company—and you have a bunch in your State of Ten-nessee—and your decision is that am I going to invest in Japan, where they might be headquartered, or am I going to invest in China, where they might have a factory, or am I going to invest in Germany, where they might a fac-tory, or am I going to invest in the United States of America and maybe in Tennessee, this bill will make it more advantageous for them to make their investment here and to create the jobs here because of the lower tax rate and because of the expensing when they go out to buy new equipment and tech-nology to make their workers more productive. So this is going to help American companies a lot to be able to compete globally. It levels the playing field, which is very important. It has been bi-partisan up to now—very bipartisan. We had a working group on this, among five bipartisan working groups that were established 2 years ago, that stud-ied this issue. We came up with the so-lution that you have to get the rate below the average and you have to go through the kind of system we are talking about. It was totally bipar-tisan. Democrats and Republicans alike agreed to it because it just makes so much sense for the American work-er. They are the ones getting the short end of the stick right now. They are the ones who are told: You go out there and compete, but do it with one hand tied behind your back. We need to give them the tools to be able to succeed, and that is what this legislation does. Yes, that is going to result in middle-class families getting benefits well beyond, in my view, the direct tax cuts we talked about earlier because it is going to enable them to be able to get the higher wages and the better jobs, and that is why some economists have said it is $4,000 a fam-ily. Some have said it is more. Many Democrats think it is less. But there will be a benefit to these families. Re-member, these companies we are talk-ing about, the C corporations, they em-ploy more than half of the American private workforce. They are competing every day in these global market-places. We want them to win. We want our workers to win because we want them to be able to have those higher wages and better benefits. We have spent 2 decades with rel-atively weak economic growth and, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.044 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7681 December 1, 2017 
therefore, relatively flat wages. In fact, on an inflation-adjusted basis, if you look back over the last 15 years, there hasn’t been any wage growth. There have been higher expenses, especially healthcare, and those healthcare costs and tuition costs for those who want to send their kids to school, or other costs—food and energy—have all gone up. Wages have been flat. That is a middle-class squeeze, and that is what this middle-class tax relief helps to ad-dress. Importantly, that is what this pro-growth part helps to address be-cause you are going to see higher wages, and you are going to see better benefits if you give this kind of tax re-lief to the American worker because you are going to see more investment, you are going to see more productivity that comes from that, and you are going to see higher wages. I believe that, but what I believe isn’t as important as what others be-lieve. So 137 economists, many of these are nationally known economists, have looked at the pro-growth parts of this legislation—the parts I am talking about that make us competitive again—and they have said that eco-nomic growth will accelerate if this legislation passes, leading to more jobs, higher wages, and a better stand-ard of living for the American people. They say there will be a million new jobs in this country just because of this. I think that is really important, as important as the tax cuts are for the middle class—and they are important. Again, those tax cuts primarily go to folks who are in the middle class and that is appropriate. Equally important to me is to get this economy moving in a way that people can have the oppor-tunity to get those higher wages and better benefits. The Congressional Budget Office did a study. It showed that 70 percent of the benefit of getting that corporate tax rate down is going to go to workers in terms of salaries and benefits. Some say it is less than that. Some say it is more than that. Kevin Hassett, who is the chairman of the Council of Eco-nomic Advisers, says it is more than that. The point is that it is going to help these workers, and it is about time that we help them. There has been a lot of discussion about the process here tonight, and I understand the frustration. As a Mem-ber of the Senate, sometimes I feel that frustration as well. But I will say that this legislation, H.R. 1, which is the vast majority of the papers that were held up a moment ago—this is the leg-islation that came out of committee; it is the vast majority of the pages—has been on this website called budg-et.senate.gov and has been public since Saturday, November 26. So it has been out there awhile for Members to look at. Every single one of these amend-ments that are part of the manager’s amendment that was talked about to-night has been publicly filed, and I think that is good. We required that Members have to file an amendment and make it public. People can go on rpc.senate.gov and see all of those amendments, and I think that is appro-priate. I would hope that, as we go through this process tonight and we talk about this legislation, we can express our dif-ferences, which we will, but that we can also stick to the facts, which is that this does provide middle-class tax cuts. Again, as to those who have said earlier that there are no real tax cuts, but then when it expires in 10 years say: Well, gosh, these big tax cuts are gone, you can’t have it both ways. There are tax cuts. Maybe people think there should be different kinds of tax cuts, but they are there. Second, there is the economic growth element of this, which to me is so im-portant. We are not going to be able to have a growing economy and have op-portunity and, frankly, be in a position as a country to be able to address some of our broader problems unless we have the growth and the optimism that comes with that, and that is why I think the economic growth parts of this are equally important. Again, that has been bipartisan in the past, and I hope it can be bipartisan in the future. I hope we will be able, as a Senate to-night, to pass this legislation and then continue to work on these issues, not just in terms of tax reform but making our economy and our workers more competitive because that, in the end, is going to be the ability to give people the chance for themselves and their kids and grandkids to have a better life. I see my colleague from Pennsyl-vania is on the floor, and I know my colleague from Oregon may have an-other speaker. I yield the floor at this time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I see my colleague from Oregon has some other speakers. I know he would like to speak, I am sure. I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order, and with the major-ity leader being recognized at the con-clusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I am going to yield to my colleagues in a minute. I just think it is important to make sure that the public understands ex-actly what some of the facts are behind the Republican proposals. My colleague from Ohio just talked about how the Republican proposal is going to create many more jobs in the United States and certainly isn’t going to keep the system that makes it at-tractive to do business overseas. Yet my understanding is, all the previous versions—and we are going through the 500-plus pages now—are based on terri-torial taxation. I don’t imagine too many folks in coffee shops are up on what territorial taxation is, but it is an express lane for shipping jobs overseas. The fact is, a number of the proposals earlier from the other side have made it more at-tractive to do business overseas than in the United States. Here are a couple of other points. My colleague said that 70 percent of the corporate tax reduction would go to the workers. That is not what Tom Barthold, the head of the Joint Com-mittee on Taxation, said. He said spe-cifically that he didn’t see anything re-sembling that kind of benefit going di-rectly to workers. He speaks a special language known as economics, but he has made it clear he didn’t envision anything like that. Two other points, and then I have a question for my colleague from Mary-land. We still do not have an analysis in two areas: No. 1, the cost of the bill, and No. 2, what is going to be the fate of middle-class families with respect to this new proposal? What is it going to mean for their taxes, and by what amounts? If I can engage my colleague from Ohio on this—what can we be told at this point we are going to get, if any-thing, with respect to an analysis of this particular bill, the 500-plus pages? Will we be getting anything tonight be-fore we vote? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, first of all, I was referring specifically to a CBO report earlier, and the Senator talked about the Joint Committee on Taxation. We may have different views on that. It wasn’t my belief I was ex-pressing; it was me talking about the Congressional Budget Office’s report. My understanding is that tonight the entire bill will be online, No. 1. Second, the analysis is necessary to ensure that it fits into the reconcili-ation instructions. Mr. WYDEN. What analysis would it be, for example, with respect to what the new bill—the bill we are actually going to vote on—means for middle- class families? We have millions of middle-class folks who are trying to sort out what this means for them. We have just gotten a brand new bill. We would like to know what the new bill means with respect to the taxes paid by middle-class folks. Are they going to get ahead or, as we have seen in so many of the previous iterations, fall behind, particularly after 2027? Will we get a new analysis on this new proposal that we will actually vote on with respect to what it means for middle-class families? Mr. PORTMAN. Will the Senator yield? Mr. WYDEN. Of course. Mr. PORTMAN. Good news—you will be glad to hear those tax cuts continue. If your family is making $50,000, two kids, you will see a 36-percent tax cut. If you are making $165,000 a year, two 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.045 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7682 December 1, 2017 
kids, you will get less of a percent—an 8-percent tax cut. That is all included in the legislation. The big change, as we talked about earlier—and I know you have it in front of you—is that there is now this deduction for property taxes. It is a $10,000 cap on that deduction. As you know, if you look at the entire SALT, which are the State and local taxes and property taxes, about 50 percent of that benefit goes to families making over $200,000 a year. In this one, the prop-erty taxes capped at $10,000 will be much more targeted to the middle class. I think it is fair to say to my col-league from Oregon that he will see more middle-class tax relief from that, and that will be something that will help middle-class families. There is no change in terms of those tax cuts because those brackets—the reduction of the tax rates, doubling of the standard deduction, the doubling of the child credit—are all in the legisla-tion. Mr. WYDEN. What I would say to my colleague is, we don’t have any evi-dence of that. My colleague has cer-tainly made laudatory claims about his bill, but we don’t have any evidence of them. In fact, the comment made by my colleague highlights my concern. What we have seen thus far for middle- class families after 2027 is that upward of half of them would pay more in taxes. I think, rather than continue this, I will just ask my colleague to see if his side can produce an actual document— even a summary—of what this new bill is actually going to mean for middle- class families who are concerned, based on the earlier versions, about seeing their taxes go up, particularly after 2027. I have one question for my colleague from Maryland because he has been talking about the State and local de-duction, which is enormously impor-tant to folks in my State and in my colleague’s as well. My question is, when the first income tax was enacted in 1861, it was to fi-nance the cost of the Civil War. It in-cluded only one deduction at that time for State and local taxes, and that was really composed to respect the States’ ability to make their own fiscal deci-sions. It was the first deduction more than a century ago. So does that seem like a special interest tax break com-pared to this list of more than 30 breaks that we have managed to exca-vate from various corners of K Street? Mr. CARDIN. If my colleague will yield—— Mr. WYDEN. I will. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Maryland. Mr. CARDIN. In going over the his-tory as to how the income tax came about, it really was part of Federalism. They needed the consent of the States to change the Constitution. It was a partnership with our States, and that is why, from its inception, there has been respect for State and local tax-ation as a deduction from the Federal income tax. This is not a special interest; this is how we finance government. We fi-nance government at the Federal level, the State level, and the local level. If this bill becomes law, we are violating it. Mr. President, I will ask my col-league from Oregon to let me have a minute more for two or three more points on this that I think are impor-tant; that is, there are effects that are going to take place as a result of the limitation of State and local taxes. We are going to see effects on property val-ues. The Realtors and real estate in-dustries have made that clear. It is going to affect the tax base of local government. This bill is going to affect charitable giving. Why do I say that charitable giving is part of this? Because I was talking to the mayor of Baltimore, Catherine Pugh, earlier today. She has serious problems with law enforcement in Baltimore. She is depending upon private groups and their generosity to help deal with the problems of Balti-more. It is going to be much more dif-ficult for private groups to be able to get charitable contributions if this bill becomes law. So there will be impact on this that will affect our State and local governments, in addition to the elimination of the State and local tax deduction. Here is one last point, if I might make it, in regard to middle-income taxpayers. I respect greatly my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle and the charge that they show, but these charges don’t include the effect of the increase of the estate tax be-cause that has not been made part of the calculations. It does not take into consideration 13 million people who no longer are going to have health insur-ance. That has not been taken into consideration in the charge they are showing. It doesn’t take into consideration, in the charge, that the corporation profits they are going to make as a result of these tax cuts are going to most likely go to stock buyouts, rather than help-ing the workers. That is not reflected. So when you take a look at all of it— and we do have some analysis that has been done that is objective—middle-in-come taxpayers are at a disadvantage under this tax bill. I thank my friend from Oregon for yielding me that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I thank my friend, and I know the Senator from West Virginia and the Senator from Connecticut have both been pa-tient. Why don’t we yield time to the Senator from West Virginia now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I thank my good friend, the Senator from Oregon. I want to put this in perspective. I don’t think there is a person more bi-partisan than I am. I don’t think there is a person who has signed more bills in a bipartisan way with my Republican friends than I have—who has voted on more Republican bills or more Repub-lican amendments than I have as a Democrat. I am really so frustrated. I thought that we could make this place work. That was my purpose in being here. I truly have done everything I possibly could. I reached out. The White House was kind enough to reach out to me. I sat down and I talked to all of the peo-ple who are in charge of writing this legislation from the White House. I sat down with my colleagues. I gave them some suggestions and ideas. We brought people together, thinking we could find a bipartisan way. I will tell you, as I see it unfold to-night, this has been designed not to have even me, as one Democrat, on the bill, and I want to be. I want to be part of a reform for the first time in 30 years. I look back at Ronald Reagan. He was a hero to all of us. He had 97 votes; 97 Senators voted for the legisla-tion that he crafted. There were adjust-ments—a give-and-take. But every time, I would think, well, if I have some ideas, shouldn’t you at least lis-ten to me; listen to what we think? Two days ago, we did a press con-ference. I invited all of my colleagues. I thought: Well, I and Senator H
EITKAMP from North Dakota and Sen-ator D
ONNELLY from Indiana—I knew the three of us would show up. I had 14 other colleagues who were craving to be involved; they wanted to be in-volved. I saw my good friend, B
OB C
ORKER , Senator C ORKER from Ten-nessee. I asked him: Can we have a few more days to look at this? That was de-nied. I don’t know what it is going to take. Maybe we have hit the proverbial wall. This is the first time I know of, in the history of the United States of Amer-ica, that we have ever done this type of major reform without having a bipar-tisan objective for it. There is not one bipartisan vote on this piece of legisla-tion, and I am looking; I have been looking and trying. People have called me today from my home, asking: What have you seen? Do you like something? I said: I haven’t seen that much. I am still trying to find the bill. I promised them: I will see something before I vote on it. I won’t be able to read it, but I am going to see it. I want to see something. I would love for us to take the time to sit down and work on this and see it. I think you would be surprised. I think not only could we get to 60, we could get above 60 votes on this, and that is what it should be. In 2010, I thought my Democratic col-leagues who voted for the Affordable Care Act with not one Republican on it were wrong. I thought that was wrong. I understand from the history—I wasn’t here; I was a Governor at that time— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.046 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7683 December 1, 2017 
that at least they tried. They went through the markups. They went through the hearings. They had an awful lot of input. I understand that. Still, I don’t think any major legisla-tion that affects every American should go through without a bipartisan buy-in, without bipartisan votes, with-out bipartisan support. If this is de-signed to be a political ploy—to basi-cally have one side, and one side only, not wanting one Democratic vote—this will fail, and it is a shame for our coun-try and for my colleagues. I have made it a point that what I thought was broken in this place—I have never, ever campaigned against a sitting colleague. I have never cam-paigned against a fellow Republican. I have never made a phone call against a fellow Republican. I have never raised money to be spent to try to defeat a fellow Republican, my friends, because I don’t think I could face them if I am trying to defeat them and then ask them to work with me. I have never done that nor will I ever do that. That is not my purpose for being here. All I have asked for is to have the chance to work with my colleagues. That is all I have wanted to do. I want to be part of this. I ask, if there is any way possible, slow this down to allow me to be involved. I would appreciate that. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, before we go to Senator B
LUMENTHAL —— The PRESIDING OFFICER. There are 36 seconds left. Mr. WYDEN. I thank my colleague from West Virginia. I believe we are going to propound another 30-minute unanimous consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. First, the other side has 15 minutes. Mr. WYDEN. Oh, they have 15 min-utes. We will let Senator T
OOMEY start the 15-minute time allotment for Repub-licans. Then, when our turn is next, we will go to Senator B
LUMENTHAL . The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, two points I would like to address, and then we have other Republican colleagues who would like to use our time as well. One, I want to address the comments made by my friend—and he is a friend of mine—the Senator from West Vir-ginia. I have worked closely with Sen-ator M
ANCHIN on a variety of pieces of legislation, some relatively ordinary and noncontroversial and others quite controversial. We have been through some battles together, Senator M
ANCHIN and I, and I enjoy working with him. I hope he is going to support this product in the end. I am not sure he will, but he might—I don’t know—and he probably has some good ideas he could bring to this. Let me be very clear about the proc-ess we have used here. First of all, this legislation has gone through the reg-ular order. It has gone through the committee. It was extensively debated in the committee. It was marked up in the committee. There were many doz-ens of amendments debated and voted on in the committee. The committee document, which is very similar to the final document we are going to vote on tonight, has been available for weeks. Here is one of the problems we faced from the onset in this. Very early on in this process, the vast majority of our Democratic colleagues announced they wanted to leave the room with respect to a tax reform discussion. Now, as it happens, Senator MANCHIN was not among them, but 45 of the 48 Demo-cratic Senators sent a public letter, and they stipulated the terms under which they would be willing to work with us on tax reform. One of the terms was that we had to use a process that could allow them to kill it by a fili-buster, if they wanted to. That was one of their terms. If they were going to participate in the process, they were demanding that we would have to empower them to kill the final product by a filibuster, if they wanted to. Well, I just think that tax reform, tax relief for low- and middle-income families like we provide in this bill and the pro-growth policies through the re-forms in this bill are too important to allow the minority to kill it by fili-buster. It would have been malpractice on our part to allow that possibility, and so we didn’t. All that means is one thing. All it means is, the final passage on this leg-islation is not 60 votes, but it is 51. That is all. Any Democrat can offer any amendment. Any Democrat can join us in supporting this legislation. That was also true in committee, and it will be true right through the end of this process. Our Democratic colleagues also had other stipulations in their letter. They said there can be no savings in the tax reform package for the people who pay 40 percent of all the taxes. It is actu-ally really hard to do pro-growth, meaningful tax reform if you say the people who pay 40 percent of all the taxes must not be allowed to get any benefit whatsoever. Another feature in their letter was that there could be no savings for the very substantial category of American businesses organized as what we call passthroughs—these are partnerships and subchapter S corporations—be-cause under the stipulations in their public letter, there couldn’t be any benefit at all to anyone whose income was in the top 1 percent. Well, there are a lot of passthroughs that have some ownership on the part of people who are in that income category. My point is, they were systemati-cally taking themselves out of the dis-cussion from the very beginning. De-spite that, we had an open process. We had unlimited amendments, and they participated in that process. Now I would like to address the issue my colleague from Maryland raised, which is the deductibility of State and local taxes. I just want to say, for me, disallowing the deductibility of State and local taxes and offsetting that with lower income tax rates for everyone— which is what we do in our bill, among other things—it is a matter of fairness. It is just a simple matter of fairness. Under our current policy, which our Democratic colleagues would prefer we keep, the current policy of allowing people to deduct their State and local taxes and requiring higher Federal in-come taxes for all Americans as a re-sult, that amounts to a subsidy that is paid by people in low-tax jurisdictions that gets sent to people in high-tax ju-risdictions. For the life of me, I don’t understand why my constituents in Dauphin Coun-ty, PA—a relatively lower tax place— should have to pay higher Federal in-come taxes so a very wealthy guy who owns a penthouse on the Upper West Side of Manhattan can deduct the very substantial taxes he chooses to pay be-cause he lives in a very high-tax juris-diction. How is that fair that a person of much more modest means should have to subsidize a person of great means through the Tax Code? I don’t think that is fair, but it is also unfair not just from one State to another but even within a State it is really not fair. Let me illustrate my point with an example. Let’s imagine you have two families who have the same financial circumstances. They are neighbors, but they happen to live on either side of a municipal boundary. One family lives on the side of a town that provides a lot of services and has high property taxes, which pays for the services. Maybe they pick up the trash. Maybe the town picks up the leaves. They pro-vide lots of services. They have a nice community center. So the family has higher property taxes to pay for all of that. Then the other family on the other side, in a different township right next door, they don’t get their leaves picked up, they don’t get the trash hauled away, they don’t have a nice commu-nity center, but they have lower prop-erty taxes. Now, the family who doesn’t have all those services, they have to privately contract for those services. They have to go hire a company to take away their trash barrels. They have to hire a company to take away their leaves. They have to pay to join a gym or a recreational facility, and they don’t get to deduct any of those expenses. They don’t get to deduct the cost of paying someone to take their trash away or leaf removal or their member-ship at a local gym or facility like that. So how is it fair that one person gets all of those services and gets to deduct the costs in the form of deducting the property taxes that pay for it, and the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.047 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7684 December 1, 2017 
other person, otherwise identically sit-uated, does not get to deduct the cost? That just does not strike me as fair. So all we are doing is saying: Let’s be fair about this. Let’s just be fair. Let’s disallow that deduction. For the most part, we do preserve a portion of that, but the principle is to reduce the abil-ity to deduct these taxes because it is more fair, and then what we can do as a result is we can lower the income tax rates paid by everyone. I think that is a step in the direction of fairness, and it is one of the things that I think is a good feature in the bill. I see my colleague the Senator from Montana is here so I will yield the floor to him. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. H
ELLER ). The Senator from Montana. Mr. DAINES. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. I am thankful for my colleague from Pennsylvania, Senator T
OOMEY , for his remarks and for his leadership in getting us to this point tonight for this most historic moment in the U.S. Senate. I spent 28 years in the private sector before I came back to Washington, DC. In fact, the last election I won before I won election to serve in Congress was student body president in my high school. I spent many years working in busi-nesses, growing businesses, creating jobs, sending a lot of money to Wash-ington, DC, in taxes. You are not going to find a single Republican here who says taxes are bad. What we are saying here is that we are an overtaxed Na-tion. In fact, if I were to ask you where are the most affluent counties in the United States, where are they, you might guess, well, Beverly Hills, per-haps Silicon Valley, New York City. The answer is, the most affluent coun-ties in America are suburbs of Wash-ington, DC. The American people have watched this city increase in power, increase in wealth, and I think this city has for-gotten something; that the dollars that are sent here by hard-working Ameri-cans do not belong to the government, they belong to the American people. It is their money. I will tell you what. I don’t think we realize how much taxes we pay. We are focused right now on Federal income taxes, Federal corporate taxes. How-ever, imagine you wake up in the morning—if you are like me, my cell phone is now my alarm clock—and you grab your cell phone. You reach for it. The first thing you do is maybe look at what inbound emails you have, maybe you look at the Twitter feed, but you realize, as you are grabbing the cell phone, on average, a U.S. wireless con-sumer pays about 17 percent—of that bill you pay for your cell phone, there are Federal, State, and local taxes for that cell phone. That is how the day starts. So then I go, and I get dressed. I think about how much sales tax was paid, which most States have, for the clothes that you are wearing. Well, then you might leave your home, walk across your driveway to get in an auto-mobile, perhaps, and you realize you are paying significant property tax on that property you own—if you are a homeowner—and you get in your auto-mobile. Oh, by the way, you have paid a significant tax on that car too. You have paid a sales tax, most likely. You may be paying hundreds of dollars a year to put license plates on it. Then you want to drive on to work, and you might want to stop at that coffee shop. You might want to get that nice cup of coffee there to get you going for the day. What do you do? Well, you pay a sales tax, most likely, as you get your cup of coffee. Perhaps on the way to work, you need to fill up your gas tank. Now, in Montana, we drive pickups. I could tell you, when you fill up your pickup, it costs you a chunk of change. You are paying 18.4 cents per gallon just in federal taxes, and then you pay your State taxes on top of that. That ranges from 12 cents a gallon in Alaska to 58 cents a gallon in Pennsylvania, and then you go to work. I was just speaking with one of my young staffers here tonight. She told me, when she got that first paycheck— I guess her first job out of college—she called her dad, and she said: They have made a mistake. They have screwed up my paycheck. And she talked him through the difference between the gross pay and what you really put in the bank, the dollars of your Federal, State, local taxes, Social Security, Medicare. Your day is finished. Perhaps you want to go home and grab something to drink, whether it is a glass of wine, perhaps a beer, perhaps a soda. Well, the government is there too. You have paid an excise tax somewhere on those beverages. All I am saying here is it is time to give some of that back. It is time to give some of that back to the single mom in Kalispell, to give it back to that small business owner in Helena, to give it back to the families, the businesses, working-class Montanans. You know what, they need a pay raise. So how do we start that? How about right here with this bill tonight. Let’s lower tax rates on middle income Americans. Let’s allow them to keep more of their hard-earned dollars. How about we increase the standard deduc-tion? Let’s take it from $12,000 to $24,000. How about we eliminate the poverty tax? That is eliminating ObamaCare’s poverty tax. As Justice Roberts said, it is a tax. It has cost the American people so far over $5 billion, 42 percent of those making less than $25,000 a year, 82 percent make less than $50,000 a year. That is a poverty tax. We are going to repeal that as part of this bill that we are going to pass to-night. Families need a break. How about we double the child tax credit? We are par-ents of four. How about that single mom with two children? I think she needs a break. Let’s give working moms, working dads with a couple of kids an extra couple thousand dollars to help make ends meet and reduce the tax burden on small businesses—not corporations. We will talk about that in a minute. That is important to do, but these small businesses that are not corporations are paying as much as 40 percent of their income in Federal in-come taxes. We are going to take that down to less than 30 percent. What does that do? It creates jobs. It puts pressure on wages, higher wages, because we need to direct these tax cuts to those who provide jobs. By the way, those smaller businesses, 55 percent of the private sector jobs in this country are from smaller busi-nesses. Two-thirds of the new jobs cre-ated since the recession of 2007, 2008 are from these smaller businesses. We are targeting significant tax relief for those small businesses. Who are these? These are farmers. These are ranchers. These are locally owned Montana busi-nesses. It could be our community bankers. It could be a baking company. It could be a construction company. I grew up in a construction company. My mom and dad were the CEO and the COO of the family business. In Mon-tana, that is 68 percent of the jobs in my State. They are getting significant tax relief. Working with my colleagues, we have had some great conversations, and we have provided some additional tax relief for those smaller businesses. We have a historic, once-in-a-genera-tion opportunity today. This only comes every 20 or 30 years. It goes back to 1986, 31 years ago—the same year my wife and I were married. We need to put more money back into the hands of American workers. Let’s cut their taxes. Let’s open the doors for the cre-ation of more high-paying jobs. We start that by transferring the wealth of this city back to the families and busi-nesses that sent us here in the first place and that keep our country mov-ing forward. We have been hearing a lot of things about this bill. The Washington Post even claimed four Pinocchios on some of these claims that somehow this plan will raise taxes for most working-class families. Look at the facts. That is not true. Let me conclude by saying this, quoting a President: 
It is a paradoxical truth that tax rates are too high today and tax revenues are too low and the soundest way to raise revenues in the long term is to cut the rates now. The experience of a number of European coun-tries and Japan have borne this out. The pur-pose of cutting taxes now is not to incur a budget deficit, but to achieve a more pros-perous, expanding economy which can bring a budget surplus. 
That was John F. Kennedy in Decem-ber of 1962. Let’s not miss this opportunity that we have now. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator’s time has expired. Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.049 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7685 December 1, 2017 
30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order, and that the majority leader be recognized at the conclusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, to start our portion of the 30 minutes, Senator B
LUMENTHAL has been very patient, so I wish to start with the Senator from Connecticut. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, I am honored to be here tonight. Even in moments of sadness and anger—and I feel both here—I am honored to be a Member of this body. I am particularly honored to be a Member of the U.S. Senate with J
OEMANCHIN , whose bipar-tisanship and willingness to listen and to compromise and be reasonable is al-most legendary. All of us, including Ranking Member W
YDEN of the Fi-nance Committee, have been more than eager to be reasonable and compromise and seek bipartisan solutions. I truly want to thank Senator W
YDEN for his leadership on this issue, as well as his insight and his great commitment to the public interest. We had a hearing earlier this week before the Armed Services Committee about future threats to our Nation and national security, with a panel of ex-perts who testified that more than $1 trillion dollars—maybe trillions— would be necessary for us to invest in the future of our Nation’s defense. So many of us asked them whether they thought it would be possible to make that investment at the same time that our Nation is about to incur an addi-tional $1.5 trillion in debt as a result of this misguided, maligned scam, this tax bill, and when we asked that ques-tion, they shook their heads no. The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Mike Mullen, once said—famously now—‘‘The greatest threat to our national security is our national debt.’’ The reason our na-tional debt is a threat to our national security is very simply that it prevents us from the kind of commitment and investment in our national defense that we on the Armed Services Com-mittee and we in this body and we the people of America know we have to make to secure our national defense. Our national defense is about more than just hardware and even the great troops that we deploy—our service men and women who serve and sacrifice with such incredible bravery and dedi-cation and patriotism—it is also about the quality of our society. It is about whether we are equal, whether we give people the mobility to move and make of themselves what their aspirations are and make the American dream real in their lives and develop those skills through education and skill training that are so necessary to us as a nation. We can’t produce the submarines and the F–35s and all of the extraordinary, complex hardware that we do without that skilled training. We know that in Connecticut because we produce sub-marines and jet engines and heli-copters. We are proud of that, but we need more people with those skills. Yet this measure will enhance the di-visions in our society. It will divide us from each other as Americans. It will diminish the mobility—social and eco-nomic mobility—in our great Nation, and it will increase economic insecu-rity. It will not make Americans more sure about their society, more con-fident in its equality and justice; it will create more anxiety and anger be-cause at its core, this measure is about benefits to a tiny, minute fraction of America. Most of the benefits of this measure go there. And it is about hit-ting the rest of Americans—particu-larly middle-class families—with ini-tial benefits that may even look good at first but are a classic bait-and- switch because most of those middle- class families will be worse off over the next 10 years. Anybody earning be-tween $50,000 and $75,000 will see their taxes increase over those years. For all the reasons that my col-leagues have so powerfully and compel-lingly outlined in this Chamber, with statistics that I don’t even have time to repeat here, this measure is essen-tially rotten at the core in its claim to fairness. Tax reform should be about making our Tax Code simpler and fairer. This measure does just the opposite. My col-leagues may say there were hearings, but compared to the mid-1980s when the last major tax reform was passed, there have been no hearings and there has been no real markup. We are now considering an amend-ment that was deposited on the floor of this Chamber just minutes ago—barely an hour—and will receive no serious scrutiny or oversight. It will harm our teachers and first responders, our po-lice and our firefighters, who will have less support for their vital services. It will harm the job creators who need more resources to invest in infrastruc-ture. It will harm our educators and the skilled trades. It will harm middle- class America. It will hit Connecticut as hard or harder than any other State because of the nondeductibility of State and local taxes and because of the nondeduct-ibility of casualty losses. The home-owners whose foundations are crum-bling will lose the ability to deduct the cost of repairs that they must make. That is so fundamentally unfair that it belies the promises that have been made even this day on this floor. We are adopting this measure lit-erally in the dark of night—a Friday night when few Americans may be aware of what is happening here—com-paratively few. On the passthrough provision that has been added to this bill, unquestion-ably, some Americans will be aware, including the President of the United States. He has more than 500 LLCs as part of his organization that will ben-efit from this passthrough provision. So the President may be celebrating, but most Americans will rue this day. We will remember this day, all of us who are here, but we in this Chamber will rue it as well. We will remember it because of the black mark on our de-mocracy that resulted from a guilty plea from a former National Security Advisor—a guilty plea for lying to the FBI. It is a black mark on our democ-racy, a sad day for our Nation, and a shadowy moment for this administra-tion, the Trump Presidency. But we will remember it also as a self-inflicted wound for our democracy when the actions of the U.S. Senate drove deeper divisions within our soci-ety, created more insecurity, enlarged the anger and angst and anxiety that people feel about themselves, and when we added $1.5 trillion to the national debt that our children and our grand-children will pay and thereby when we diminished our national security. The national debt may not be the greatest threat to our national security, but it is one of the largest of the dangers to our national security, and we have done nothing to alleviate it. On the contrary, we are adding to it, and that is a shame and a disgrace. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Oregon. I would like him to know that I will only take about 5 minutes because I want to make sure my colleagues can speak during this period. I am rising now to ask the senior Senator from Texas to come and ex-plain his amendment that has been in-corporated in the package. This, I be-lieve, earlier was his amendment No. 1715, and we are hearing that 1712 was included as well. This is something that might be characterized as the Wall Street welfare amendment. We are not sure exactly how it works. We are not sure exactly how much it costs. But that is not the point. If you are going to stick something into the un-derlying bill to benefit very powerful groups like Apollo and Carlisle and Blackstone, you don’t just airdrop it in at the last second, this provision for the most powerful. Come to the floor, lay out the details, and defend your amendment and why it should be in-cluded in this bill. Our basic understanding is that it en-ables publicly traded partnerships to be able to have their funds pass through so there is no corporate tax since they benefit from a lower rate for those passthroughs. But we have only had a few seconds to look at it. What does it really do? What does it really cost? I ask the Senator to come to the floor and explain all of the details. The American people have a right to know what you are sticking in this bill. Ex-plain your Wall Street welfare amend-ment and why we should support it or not. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.050 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7686 December 1, 2017 
We have $4 trillion going to the rich-est Americans. Four trillion? We keep hearing about a $1.5 trillion deficit. Oh, yes, but there is lot more here, so let’s just see what it is. There is the reduction in the cor-porate tax rate, which we all know goes to the richest Americans who hold all the stocks. That is $1.3 trillion. We have repeal of the alternative minimum tax. That is $770 billion. We have the passthrough for high-end LLCs—not for low-end LLCs but for high-end LLCs—$362 billion. We have three provisions for multi-nationals, a deduction for foreign divi-dends, a deduction for foreign intangi-bles, and the transfers for intellectual properties, totaling $313 billion. We have an elimination of the estate tax to benefit the richest 0.2 percent. Out of a total of 1,000 people in Amer-ica, the richest two—that is the equiv-alent. That 0.2 percent would get $83 billion. Then we have a change in the tax brackets, which added another over $1 trillion there. And probably most of that—we have been trying to get a breakout. We can’t even get a breakout of where this will go because it is being rushed through. If we take those provisions and add them up, it is $4 trillion. I am just tak-ing the big ones off the list of all of the details. Little public exposure. Why is this being done in a few hours here, just after the Thanksgiving holiday, before Christmas? Because my Republican colleagues are sticking it to the Amer-ican people, and they don’t want you to know. So, again, an example—out of this list of 30 amendments that are being stuffed in at the last second that no one has had the ability to analyze—30 amendments—let’s have the senior Senator from Texas come to the floor and defend his Wall Street welfare amendment that he is sticking in here for the most powerful publicly traded partnerships. That is just one of 30. So I am calling for transparency. I am calling this process for what it is, and that is using the argument that you are doing something for the middle class in order to cover up these tril-lions of dollars going to the very rich-est. Let’s see how misplaced this is. In the next year, 9 million taxpayers together at the bottom would get about 50 cents a day in tax relief—two quarters. That is what you do for the 90 million taxpayers who are most in need in America, two quarters a day. What does this bill do for those who earn more than $1 million? It gives them over $1,000 a week. So $1,000 a week for the rich and mighty; two thin quarters a day for the folks at the bottom. It even gets worse than that. By the end of the tax period, what are those people earning less than $50,000 doing? They are paying $23 billion into the Federal Treasury, but what are those who are earning more than $1 million doing? They are taking out $5 billion. So the poor are paying in while the rich are taking out. You call this mid-dle-class tax relief? I call this a tax scam. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The time has expired. Mr. MERKLEY. It is outrageous and unacceptable. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Louisiana. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, I would like to comment on the positive as-pects of the bill we are about to vote on. The most positive thing I can say about this is that working families and middle-income families across the Na-tion will be better off. Families who over the last 8 years have not done well will begin to do better. Now, we have already discussed some of the things that others have dis-cussed. Let me just comment briefly: We have doubled the standard deduc-tion to make filing of income taxes simpler. For most Americans, that will be a tax cut by doubling that standard deduction. We have provisions in there to stimu-late the economy, to create competi-tion for workers so workers will now have a choice of one job or another. When that happens, of course, their wages rise, and their benefits get bet-ter. We incentivize companies that are, right now, moving overseas—because the taxes are so much lower else-where—to stay in the United States, to create American jobs, and to pay more American taxes. Those are all good things my col-leagues have discussed. Let me discuss some other ways perhaps that this bill benefits working families and middle- class families. I am from an energy State. Louisiana produces so much oil and gas. The thing about energy jobs is it creates jobs for good families. They may not have a college education, but they are good people. They care about their children. In these jobs, they can earn over $100,000 a year in certain aspects of it, and they employ Americans in a way that Americans have kind of for-gotten that it can be that way. It is meaningful to me. We were in Il-linois when I was born. My family moved to Louisiana because someone called my father and said: You know, Jim, if you move to Louisiana, you can sell to the people working at Esso, and you can make a good living. So even though my father didn’t work in the energy industry, he was one of those who benefited and made a living, which allowed me to go to med-ical school. I was the first generation in our family to go to college and go to medical school, and now I am a U.S. Senator. What an incredible privilege, all created by energy jobs. One thing this bill does is it opens up a little more of Alaska for energy de-velopment—2,000 acres. One of my col-leagues said smaller than the airport in Fargo, ND. I have never been there, but 2,000 acres is not a whole lot of land, But on those 2,000 acres, there is a lot of oil beneath. Why is that important? We as a coun-try can make a decision to be energy secure or not. If we are going to be en-ergy secure, it means we are going to produce our own energy. This is not to rule out renewables, but for the mo-ment we are going to continue as a country to consume natural gas and oil. We can buy it from countries such as in the Middle East where environ-mental standards are not as strict as ours, but when we do that, not only are we sending our jobs and revenue over-seas, but we are also, in effect, endors-ing their lower environmental stand-ards, and that overall pollutes the en-vironment. On the other hand, if we buy from ourselves—using American workers, creating American jobs, using Amer-ican environmental standards—not only do we get the benefits to the fam-ily and the benefits to the environ-ment, but we have the national secu-rity benefit of being able to be energy secure. Now, this is powerful. I first became aware of it, I think, in middle or maybe elementary school. I went to St. Luke’s Episcopal Church. There was a guy there named Thor. What a great name, Thor. Thor told me his father was a pipefitter and was at that moment in Alaska working on the Alaska Pipe-line. That was 40 years ago, so maybe my memory is a little fuzzy on every-thing but Thor’s name. The point is, a fellow from Louisiana was going to Alaska, making great money, being able to provide for his family back home. That is a good thing. As we develop our energy resources on the North Slope of Alaska, using American environmental standards, creating American jobs, we are chang-ing the life of families like my family and for perhaps the family of the man I remember going to middle school with long ago. I mentioned Thor’s father was a pipe-fitter. Now, it is not just on those 2,000 acres. There will be a way of trans-porting that oil that is produced else-where. In South Louisiana, we make boats—boats that actually work off rigs and can create jobs both in the boatyard and in the maritime industry. Thor’s father was a pipefitter. You pipe out your oil, and you create jobs in that way. That comes to mind be-cause when I was first elected to the Senate, I was going to a committee hearing, and some union fellows from Ohio came up to me to ask that I en-dorse the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline. Of course, I have always been in favor of it so they had my vote, but they made the point: We are union laborers. We work on the job. When we say there is $40,000 created in the build-ing of a pipeline—sure, we may only be on the job for 6 weeks, but then we go to another job for 6 more weeks and an-other job for 6 more weeks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.051 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7687 December 1, 2017 
I was struck that these working fam-ilies benefit not from the actual pro-duction of America’s natural resources but from the transportation of Amer-ica’s natural resources. So the eco-nomic benefit to working and middle- income families doesn’t just stop with those who are perhaps doing the drill-ing, but it continues downstream and, as I mentioned earlier, even extends to a family like mine. Now, let me mention another aspect of this that brings benefits to our working families and to our middle- class families. One thing I was helpful with was the restoration of the historic tax credit. The historic tax credit is a Federal tax credit first made perma-nent by President Ronald Reagan that allows somebody to go to an older building in a community and to restore it, returning it to commerce. So in-stead of a portion of our architectural heritage being destroyed, it is refur-bished and is there for future genera-tions to enjoy. More than the kind of aesthetics of seeing an older building become beautiful once more, it creates jobs. Now, let’s go back to this legislation, creating better jobs for working and middle-income families. First, it af-fects everybody. More than 40 percent of the projects under the historic tax credit program in the last 15 years have been in towns of less than 25,000 people. In my State, since 2002, the his-toric tax credit has contributed to 782 projects being built, bringing $2.2 bil-lion worth of investment into these cit-ies and towns across my State. Now, when you have that much money, you create lots of jobs. It is thought, nationwide, according to the study by the National Park Service, the historic tax credit has encouraged more than $131 billion in private in-vestment, rehabbing 42,000 buildings, creating more than 2.4 million trade jobs, returning a net positive to the U.S. Treasury. Since fiscal year 2002, in Louisiana alone, it has, again, fostered more than $2.5 billion in private investment, cre-ating more than 38,000 jobs. These are jobs—construction jobs, rehabilitation jobs—that allow a family to live with a good living wage. That is part of this legislation. I should mention one thing in par-ticular very topical on the historic tax credit. The World Trade Center of New Orleans is currently being refurbished. It was built in the 1960s and is being transformed into a world-class hotel condominium complex. It brings the city of New Orleans $400 million in in-frastructure spending, 1,600 jobs in con-struction trades, as well as more than 450 permanent, full-time jobs. Instead of a crumbling eyesore, you have a jewel, but more than a jewel, you have 1,600 jobs created and 450 permanent jobs. Let me mention the last thing that benefits working and middle-class fam-ilies. My friends on the other side of the aisle talked about supposed nega-tive effects on Social Security and Medicare. I am a doctor. I have been working in the public hospital system of Louisiana for 25 years. I understand the importance of safety net programs, if you will, like Medicare that allow our senior citizens to have the healthcare they need. The dirty little secret is that, accord-ing to the people who run Medicare and Social Security, those trust funds are going bankrupt—bankrupt. Under the Obama administration, they tried to address it by raising taxes, so they put a higher income tax on people, and the trust funds are still going bankrupt. Under ObamaCare, there were different things to try to save money within the system, delivery system reforms, and some are, frankly, good ideas—al-though I opposed ObamaCare, in gen-eral, some of these were good ideas, and I continue to endorse them—and the trust funds are still going bank-rupt. So it raised taxes, we are trying to save money, and the trust funds are still going bankrupt. What can we do to try and rescue these programs that are so significant, so important to sen-ior citizens, to all of us in this coun-try—Social Security and Medicare in particular. What about economic growth? I did an analysis once with another man which shows that if we just return to the economic growth that is common in our country—about 3.5 percent GDP growth per year—we will fully fund our trust funds for Medicare and Social Se-curity. Keep in mind, although we are cut-ting rates for corporations, the rates for funding Medicare and Social Secu-rity are staying where they are. So if our economy is doing better year over year, there will be more money going into these trust funds, not because the rates are higher—the rates remain the same—but because there is more money to apply the rates to. Is it reasonable to have that kind of growth? Absolutely. From 1946 to the beginning of President Obama’s admin-istration, through 10.5 recessions—in-cluding one-half of the great reces-sion—we averaged over 3 percent growth as a country. Now, under Presi-dent Obama’s Presidency, it was about 2 percent growth, and 2 percent versus 3.5 is all the difference in the world be-cause it compounds. It goes like this if it is 2 percent, it goes like this if it is 3.5 percent, and at the end of 10, 15, or 20 years, those differences are remark-able. I will say, under President Trump, for the last two quarters we have had over 3 percent GDP growth. Repub-licans take over, and the economy be-gins to do better. In the next quarter, it is estimated that it will be over 3 percent. With this legislation, increas-ing the amount of money families have in their pockets, building out our en-ergy resources as we are in Alaska, cre-ating jobs for Americans across the way, using things like the historic tax credit, returning money to the Treas-ury, but also creating American jobs will create that prosperity, that eco-nomic growth, so that instead of the 2- percent growth that we have had for the last 8 years, we have the 3.5-per-cent growth that we historically have had. That is a promise of this legisla-tion. That will restore funding for So-cial Security and Medicare. That is the answer that has eluded the other side. Mr. President, before I yield back, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for de-bate only, with no amendments or mo-tions in order, and with the majority leader being recognized at the conclu-sion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CASSIDY. I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, for this tranche, I believe we will have Senator D
URBIN lead off for us and then Senator N
ELSON and Senator B ENNET . Each is going to try to take around 5 minutes. Senator D
URBIN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Senator D
URBIN . Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, what happens when you decide to write a tax bill that changes the economy of the United States of America, you don’t have adequate hearings to gauge what is going to happen, you don’t bring in the experts to try to tell you what the impact will be on individual families and businesses, and you stick around until 5 o’clock on a Friday night and you hand out the work product for all of the Members of the Senate to take a look at before they vote on changes in the Tax Code that will affect the people they represent? This is what happens: 479 pages were handed to us. They tell us that some of this has been around for a while, and some of it is new. They don’t tell us which part is new and which part is old. Lucky for us, on K Street—and there is nothing wrong with lobbyists— where the Federal lobbyists live, they are following this really closely, and they have given us basically a cheat sheet, a scorecard, so we can figure out, at least generally speaking, how many changes have been made in the 479 pages since the last time we saw this proposed bill. I defy any Member of the Senate to stand here and take an oath that they have read this and understand what in the world it means to businesses, fami-lies, and individuals. If they want to take that oath, and maybe some will, then I refer them, ladies and gentlemen of the American jury, to exhibit A, page 257 out of the 479. Why do I pick this page? Because they didn’t have time to type it. They wrote it out in longhand. We are not even teaching cursive in a lot of schools anymore, but someone on the staff knew it enough to try. The prob-lem is, they wrote it in cursive along the margin here. It is about subchapter 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7688 December 1, 2017 
S corporations and how much tax they paid and what they don’t pay. I defy anybody to read it because the problem was, when they copied it, they chopped off lines so there aren’t full sentences here. They are like little phrases and words. This is your Senate at work. This is what happens when you push through a bill late at night, desperate to pass it, without really stopping to ask your-self: Will this make us a stronger na-tion? Will this help legitimate busi-nesses that want to expand and create jobs? Is this good for American fami-lies? The Joint Committee on Taxation told us yesterday—that is our score-keeper; they are the ones who we hired to be our scorekeeper; they are non-partisan—what they learned about this bill before we got the new version, with the new amendments. Our friends on K Street were happy to tell us what the listings were. They told us that this starting bill will add $1 trillion to the national debt—so our kids and grandkids can pay it off—to pay for the tax cuts. They also told us that the predicted economic growth that is sup-posed to come out of these pages of 4, 5 percent a year is 0.8 percent. Is it not? Am I right? Mr. WYDEN. Correct. Mr. DURBIN. They also told us that the biggest beneficiaries under this Tax Code—this Joint Committee on Tax-ation—happen to be the wealthiest peo-ple in America—surprise—and the big-gest corporations. They told us that, at least in the second 10 years—maybe be-fore—regular middle-income families are going to pay higher taxes because of this. They let us know, and we knew already, what is going to happen to programs like Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid. You see, when you run up the national debt and you want to try to balance the books—our Re-publican friends have been very open about this. They want to cut the bene-fits under Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid to try to balance the books. America, are you ready for this? Are you ready for senior citizens who are counting on that Social Security check to get a cut in benefits to pay for a tax cut, a tax giveaway to the wealthiest people in America? Are you ready to see Medicare cut—that is, reimburse-ment for seniors for medical expenses— in order to make sure that the biggest corporations in America get a tax break? Are you ready to see Medicaid, which has as its major expense taking care of seniors in nursing homes—bene-fits cut in order to give an incentive for businesses to move jobs overseas? That is what this is all about. Here is the reality. As a percentage of gross domestic product, American corporations have never been more profitable—never. As a percentage of gross domestic product, American cor-porations have never paid less in Fed-eral taxes. What is the Republican response to that? Cut corporate taxes. Why? Shouldn’t we be focused on doing what is necessary so that middle-income families have a fighting chance to pay their bills and put some money away for their kids and their future? Shouldn’t we be working on helping small and medium-sized corporations instead of the big boys? That is what I think we should focus on. I don’t know for sure that this bill doesn’t do that. In fact, nobody does. Nobody knows what is in here—479 pages. If they tell you they do, then ask them to explain page 257. Ask them to try to read this. I have tried. This is going to change the tax law of America in ways that we can’t even explain. We have to get this done because the Sen-ate has done little or nothing this year, and so they are desperate to get some-thing done before the end of the year. Sadly, it is a tax bill that we have just been handed 1 hour and 50 minutes ago. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Illinois for a very insightful analysis, and his skills as a handwriting expert may be nec-essary as the Senate Finance Com-mittee tries to divine what that par-ticular page actually means. I thank my colleague for trying to unpack a byzantine area of subchapter S tax law. Mr. DURBIN. If the Senator from Or-egon would yield for just a moment, I would like to ask consent that this in-famous page 257 be made a part of the R
ECORD after my speech, but I am real-ly sorry for the members of the staff who have to try to write this out—type it out. Mr. WYDEN. Their eyes are being strained as we speak. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection. Mr. WYDEN. I yield to the Senator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, this is, in effect, a massive transfer of wealth under the guise of tax reform and under repeating the statement: It will help the middle class. You can repeat a statement, but that doesn’t mean it is true. You have to look at what the facts are. I think you have heard a number of the speeches that will refute this—that it is not middle-class tax re-lief. It certainly isn’t when a lot of those so-called tax cuts for the middle class will evaporate; they will cease to exist after 7 or 8 years. Let’s take another part of this tax bill, the child tax credit. We are going to have a couple of amendments out of here on the floor tonight. We are going to have one that is going to increase the tax credit substantially, like $3,000 per child. When you compare that to the current existing Republican bill, they have a tax credit that, in fact, if you have more than three children, if you have a large family, you are going to be penalized. That is what the facts are. Let’s see how the votes come later this evening on two amendments. One is a Democratic amendment, and one is a Republican amendment. As to the child tax credit, let’s see what the ma-jority of our friends who are trying to ram this through in the dead of night do. Let’s see what happens, because, clearly, their tax bill does not do enough. This Senator has long supported in-creasing the child tax credit, including cosponsoring Senator BROWN ’s amend-ment to increase the credit and make it easier for those who are in a low-in-come situation to claim that credit. I am going to continue to support in-creases for this tax credit for the mid-dle class, as long as it is done in a fis-cally responsible and thoughtful way. It doesn’t make any difference who is proposing it. Let’s see how the votes come out here on these two amend-ments. Unfortunately, the bill that is before us does it backward because it actually increases those who have a number of children. We should be doing the oppo-site. I hope that we will find a way to drastically change this bill. Instead of limiting the child tax credit, let’s go in and make the corporate income tax not at 20 percent but at 22 percent or 25 percent in order to fund the child tax credit to help those on the bottom line of the economic ladder. We should be coming together in a bi-partisan manner to flip the priorities in this bill and to significantly in-crease the child tax credit. Obviously, that is what the American people want, but that is not the bill of goods that you are getting sold here tonight. By saying something is something, that doesn’t make it so. It is what the facts are. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, my col-league has a parliamentary inquiry, and then we will go to Senator B
ENNET . Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic whip. Mr. DURBIN. I submitted page 257 of the amendment to be placed in the R
ECORD and you gave unanimous con-sent for that to happen. I have now been instructed that the personnel at the Senate cannot read this page the way it is currently written. Could I have this entered in the R
ECORD just as written with the handwritten notations on the side? Could I enter it as a graph-ic or artwork or something like that? I ask the Presiding Officer, does that mean if the amendment has this page in it, that the amendment cannot be filed? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment can be filed with hand-written changes, but the staff will have to change those later or correct them. Mr. DURBIN. I would like to ask a further parliamentary inquiry. Why didn’t they accept page 257 after I re-ceived consent to put it in the R
ECORD ? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment has not been filed yet. Con-sent was accidentally—— Mr. DURBIN. Parliamentary inquiry. This page, which is part of the tax bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7689 December 1, 2017 
257, as written, cannot be filed in the Senate because no one can read it; is that correct? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment has not yet been filed. It can be filed in that form. Mr. DURBIN. Parliamentary inquiry. Why can’t this page be filed in that form? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amendment as shown with the hand-written text cannot be printed in that graphic form. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, par-liamentary inquiry. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. When this is filed, we want the American people to know what has actually been written on the side. Will it be possible, as part of Senator D
URBIN ’s statement, to add this ‘‘writ-ten on the side’’ portion as part of his statement so that the American people will actually know how outrageous this process is and that it at least states, as part of his speech, what is written in the margin? Can that be stated as part of his statement? Would the Chair answer the ques-tion? My question is, when the amendment is filed, I would like to ensure that the important point my colleague has made about what is written in the mar-gin could be included as part of his written statement that will be entered into the R
ECORD so that the American people can get some sense of what kind of flimflam is actually taking place here. The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the amendment is filed—— Mr. WYDEN. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The text will appear in linear format with any errors that may be in it. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I have the greatest respect for the Senate staff, and I am not trying to say any-thing negative about them. I was hop-ing that this could be entered into the R
ECORD , and I asked for unanimous consent to enter it, believing that the handwritten portion would show up in the R
ECORD . I have since been advised that there will have to be translators and interpreters who will have to de-cide exactly what this says before it is actually part of the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD . I think that I have made my point as to where we stand in prepara-tion of tax reform for America. Thank you. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I yield to the Senator from Colorado. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, talk about the swamp. All of the folks who voted in this election do not have the swamp in Washington, DC—they are watching this happen right in front of their eyes tonight. We have a bunch of amendments that were dropped in by lobbyists here last night that we haven’t seen, except that we received a list from them, and we have illegible amendments now at the desk that, even if we could read them, we wouldn’t be able to. It just doesn’t make any sense. I will tell you something else that doesn’t make any sense. It doesn’t make any sense that, in our economy, 90 percent of our folks—the bottom 90 percent—earned the same amount of income as the top 10 percent. The top 10 percent earned 50 percent of the in-come in this country, and the bottom 90 percent earned the other 50 percent. You can see the direction that these lines have headed over a number of years. That is the issue that we confront in our economy. That is what we all should be working on in a bipartisan way to try to address. Unfortunately, instead of improving the circumstances for people in the bottom 90 percent of earners, the decision has been made, because of an economic philosophy that has to do with trickle-down eco-nomics, to give the benefits to the peo-ple who are doing pretty well—and not just pretty well but better than they have done since 1928, and we stated ear-lier today on this floor what a miracle the tax policies were in the early 1920s. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. PERDUE ). The Democrats’ time has ex-pired. Mr. BENNET. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent for an additional 2 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BENNET. I thank my colleague from Pennsylvania. In addition, we cannot afford to do this. Right now, we are collecting, be-fore this tax cut goes into effect, 18 percent of our gross domestic product in taxes and revenue. We are spending 21 percent of our gross domestic prod-uct, and that leaves us with a deficit. Because this place lacks the courage to deal with the issues that we must confront, unlike our parents and grand-parents, we have hollowed out discre-tionary spending. We are spending 35 percent less than we were in 1980 as a percentage of our GDP. Yesterday, we had testimony in the Armed Services Committee that we need a trillion additional dollars to modernize our defense. We know how dangerous this world is with what is happening on the Korean Peninsula and with what is happening in the Mid-dle East. Why was it OK for our parents and grandparents to invest in us, but we are unwilling to invest in the next gen-eration of Americans? Not only are we unwilling to invest in them, but we are saddling them with the debt that has arisen from our inability to make prop-er decisions. We are doing it now in plain sight of budget projections that show that the money is just not here. I think we have a decision to make as to whether we want to live up to the example our parents and grandparents set for us and whether we are willing to make the kinds of investments in the next generation that they were willing to make in us. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, just be-fore we wrap up, I have heard Repub-licans talk constantly about how this process is being conducted by regular order. I have never seen in my time in public service, when talking about $10 trillion worth of tax policy changes and the biggest tax bill in three dec-ades, something along the lines of the flimflam that we have been talking about, with handwritten changes in the margins about something that conceiv-ably will affect vast sums of taxpayer money. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? The Senator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, as most of my colleagues know by now, we have been working for I believe about a year and a half—certainly throughout this tax reform process—to address the issue of the child tax credit in an effort to increase it. I am grateful that in this process, we have been able to in-crease the child tax credit to $2,000. That will help a lot of people. I have been asked by some people: Why isn’t that enough? Why aren’t you happy with that? The answer is that the people we most want to help are not going to be able to fully use it, and here is why. For them, for people who are making $30,000 or $40,000 or $50,000— you are a construction worker; you are a teacher; you are a firefighter; you are a welder; you are a bus driver—the backbone of America’s workers—their main tax liability is their payroll tax. Unless you allow the tax credit to apply fully not just to their income tax—many of whom don’t have a high income tax liability but a payroll tax— they are not going to enjoy the full benefit. The result is kind of absurd if you do one without the other. The re-sult is, if you make $500,000 a year and you have enough kids, you can use the whole credit, but if you don’t make that much money—if you make, say, $25,000 a year—you won’t get nearly as much of the credit even though you have paid the taxes. It kind of doesn’t make any sense, right? We are trying to help people with the cost of raising children by allowing them to keep more of their own money. It is the people who make less who need it the most, and when you only do half of it, which is the $2,000 increase, you only get it half right. So it is good, and there are people who are going to be helped by that, but we could have helped so much more. The bill we have today, which is be-fore us here and will be before us in a few minutes when there is a substitute provided, cuts the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. A reduc-tion in the corporate tax rate is some-thing that I strongly support because I think it makes America more competi-tive and, in the process, is going to help a lot of these same people whom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.056 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7690 December 1, 2017 
we are trying to help. I know that sounds countercyclical, but it does be-cause when these corporations are able to save money in taxes, many of them will use some of that money to create new jobs and hire more people. That money—some of it will be reinvested and perhaps even flow toward workers in the form of higher wages over time. These are positive things, so I am not against a reduction of the corporate tax rate. In fact, I ran for President, for the Senate, and for reelection to the Senate on the promise of reducing the corporate tax rate to 25 percent. So 20 percent goes well beyond that. How-ever, in order to be able to pass some-thing that pays for it, because you have to—and people don’t know this back home, so I will just kind of ex-plain it—this bill allows us roughly about $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years of spending over revenue. Now, we think that the growth in the econ-omy is going to more than offset that, but for purposes of the rules of the Sen-ate, it has to be within those param-eters. In order for us to offer an amendment that provides an increase in the child tax credit at a rate that we want to do it—about $86.9 billion—we have to find $86.9 billion somewhere in order to be able to do it. Initially, instead of cut-ting the corporate tax rate from 35 to 20, we proposed cutting it from 35 to 22. It is still a massive cut. It is still well below the international average of 23. It still puts us in third place among the seven largest economies in the world. But that was met with significant re-sistance. We have always said that we would be open to an additional way or a dif-ferent way of doing it, so today when the substitute amendment is offered, we are going to offer an amendment, Senator L
EEand I. Instead of 22 per-cent, it is going to propose that we re-duce the corporate tax from 35 to 20.94 percent. Basically, instead of a 15-per-cent reduction, it will be a 14.06-per-cent reduction, OK? The difference be-tween what is in the bill and what we are proposing is less than 1 percentage point of reduction in the corporate tax rate—0.94 percent. With less than that 1 percent difference, we can make a huge difference in the lives of millions of Americans making between $20,000 and $50,000, as an example. That would generate about $87.4 billion, and we could use $86.9 billion of it to allow working families with children to keep more of their own money to pay for the costs of raising their children. I will re-mind you of who these people are. These are teachers, firefighters, weld-ers, construction workers, truck driv-ers—the working class. We didn’t even have to do that, to be frank. From last night to today, the leadership and those working on this— and they have worked very hard—found an additional approximately $260 bil-lion to cut even more taxes for busi-nesses. I have no problem with that. I want America to be super competitive. But somehow, through some political jiujitsu or some sort of magical for-mula, $260 billion appeared to provide even further cuts, and that is fine. I just wish that some of that jiujitsu and political magic had been employed on behalf of the millions of Americans making between $20,000, $50,000, and $60,000 a year because they need our help. What has been the opposition to this? Frankly, some of it is untrue. Some of it is offensive. Some of the opposition I have heard is that the people who would benefit from this tax cut don’t pay taxes. They don’t pay income tax or a lot of income tax, but they pay tax. If at 5 o’clock today you left your job as a construction worker and you received your paycheck, they took money out of your paycheck. When they take $200 out of your paycheck, it doesn’t matter if it says FICA or if it says income tax withholding; it is $200. It is the same money, and you have $200 less of it. That is a tax. Anytime the government takes your money, it is a tax. I have had people tell me, including people in the administration, that they don’t pay taxes. I have had people say that they don’t generate economic growth, which is, in my mind, No. 1, not true, and No. 2, the wrong way to think about it. You see, our economy should be working for our people, not our people for our economy, and when you talk that way, you have it wrong. I also disagree that they don’t gen-erate growth because when you make $50,000, you spend every penny that you make. I know these people. I live in West Miami, FL, and West Miami is a small, little city. It is three-quarters of a square mile. I have lived there since 1985. The average income is $38,000 a year. If you make $38,000 a year, you spend every penny, especially if you are raising children. I do not care how much people tell you to put some money aside and save it for the future; you cannot because everything costs more and there are unexpected costs. You bought brandnew shoes in September for school, and by November they either have a hole or they no longer fit. You bought them a backpack in August for back-to-school, and by November or December, it has a hole in it or some-thing broken and you have to pay for it. Costs constantly come up that you haven’t anticipated. Where do they spend this money? In our economy. So, yes, maybe they don’t generate as much growth as a Fortune 500 company, but they have to spend every penny of it, so they do gen-erate growth. I have even heard terms used like ‘‘It is a black hole’’ and ‘‘It is welfare.’’ It is not welfare; it is their money. I heard one newspaper editorial say that it is anti-work. How could a tax credit that you can’t get unless you are work-ing be anti-work? I will tell you what is anti-work: a package of benefits from the government that you get— which is worth more than this tax credit—that you are eligible for if you don’t work. I want you to tell the worker at a Head Start facility—think about this. You are a teacher at a Head Start pre- K, and you make too much money for your children to go to Head Start, but you don’t make enough to be able to afford child care for your own kids. That is happening all over this coun-try, and somehow there are black holes that we can’t even find $86.9 billion to help them just a little bit more. The second argument we have heard is that we can’t cut the corporate tax rate because it is going to hurt growth. OK. You are telling me that if we have a corporate tax rate that goes from 35 percent to 20.94 percent, that is going to hurt growth. Twenty percent is the most phenomenal thing we have ever done for growth, but if you add 0.94 per-cent to that, it is a catastrophe. We are going to lose thousands of jobs. Come on—especially when you add that to the fact that they are going to be able to immediately expense their invest-ments, when you add that to the fact that they are going to repatriate money abroad to the United States with the lower tax rates. When you add all the things that we have done, argue all you want, but don’t please don’t tell me that 0.94 percent is going to some-how lead to less economic growth be-cause it is just not true. We are going to have a vote later today. I don’t know how many votes they are going to make us have in order to pass this; there are all kinds of procedural things that happen here. But I can tell you that this is about a lot more than just tax reform. We have a big problem that perhaps this tax re-form debate has revealed; that is, the only way forward in this country is one that is pro-worker and pro-growth, and you cannot have one without the other. I can tell you that in this country today, there are millions and millions of people who have been hurt by the new economy. The new economy is great. There is nothing we can do to turn it back. The future is here, and you cannot go back to the past. We should embrace the new economy. It has created extraordinary wealth for people who are innovators or people who have the right careers or right jobs. I don’t begrudge it. I am glad that it is happening. But when you have a new economy, just as when we had the Industrial Revolution, there are some people who are going to be hurt and we have to help them in that transition because if we don’t help them, we are going to break the social compact that holds our Nation together. I am not claiming that the child tax credit will solve that problem by itself. I am tell-ing you that if we aren’t even willing to do another $86 billion of allowing people to keep their own money—not even willing to do something as small as this—we are not willing to do any-thing for working people in this coun-try, and that is a big problem. That is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.058 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7691 December 1, 2017 
an enormous challenge for our Nation. These people have felt neglected and disrespected for a long time. I want to be very careful, but I want to be clear about what I am saying. The political debate in America today is either all about helping the very poor—and I support the safety net. I don’t think free enterprise works with-out a safety net. It should be there to help people who cannot help them-selves, to help people stand back up on their feet and try again. The political debate is also all about helping the business community, and I support that because we need vibrant economic growth to create jobs and opportunity. But what about everyone else? What about the people who make $50,000 a year? They make too much money for CHIP, for pre-K paid for them by the government through Head Start, for ObamaCare subsidies, too much for government benefits, but they don’t make nearly enough to afford the cost of living. What about them? What is in it for them? Yes, there is going to be economic growth and there are going to be wage increases, but not for everyone, not in this new economy in which the haves and have-nots are largely divided be-tween those who have the right skills and right degrees and those who do not, and that has gone unaddressed for a very long time. I am telling you, if we do not address it, we leave our Nation vulnerable to two dangerous political extremes—radical socialism on the left and ethnic nationalism on the right— and neither of them are true to the American principles that created the greatest Nation on Earth. Again, I am not here to tell you that the child tax credit solves that prob-lem. I am here to tell you that if we can’t even do that, it is evidence of our unwillingness to do beyond it the tasks that need to be done. We have a major challenge in this Nation. All we are asking for and all I implore my col-leagues to vote for—I know that for people on the other side of the aisle, this doesn’t go far enough. I under-stand it; I do. I know you want to get to a higher number; I know you want it to apply to more people. I promise you, I did too. I wanted it to be $2,500. I am trying to figure out in this constitu-tional Republic, which cannot be a zero-sum game, how we can make things better if we do not make them perfect. And on the other side of the aisle, I implore my colleagues to believe that this is not a black hole, and this is not welfare. These are the teachers, fire-fighters, neighbors, and friends who are struggling because everything costs so much more. Why can’t we just help them keep a little bit more of their own money? Really, is a 20.94 percent corporate tax rate going to hurt growth, especially if it will help us pro-vide a little bit more assistance for the people who, today, desperately need our help? I hope I can earn the support of as many of my colleagues as possible. It won’t make this bill perfect. It doesn’t go far enough for some, but it will make it better. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order, and the majority leader be recognized at the conclusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, we are going to have several of our colleagues on our side, and we will start with Sen-ator S
ANDERS . Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, as I think about what is going on here today, I think this is in many ways a historic day, a day that historians will look back on—December 1, 2017—and they will conclude that today is the day of one of the great robberies, of criminal activities, if you like, in the modern history of this country. The Federal Treasury is being looted to-night. As we speak, there are lobbyists all over Capitol Hill, writing down in handwriting, amendments to this bill to give hundreds of millions, if not bil-lions, of dollars in tax breaks to large corporations. As we speak, they are probably still writing those amend-ments. Meanwhile, this Senate, this Repub-lican-led Senate has been unable to re-authorize the CHIP program, the health insurance program for low-in-come children. They didn’t have enough time to do that. We have been unable to reauthorize the Community Health Center Program, providing 27 million people with health insurance. We don’t have the time to do that. But tonight we are presumably going to pass legislation when, at a time of mas-sive income and wealth inequality, 62 percent of the tax benefits go to the top 1 percent, and 10 years from now, millions and millions of middle-class Americans will be paying more in taxes. I have not the slightest doubt, as I have said before, that after the Repub-licans pass this huge tax giveaway to the wealthy and large corporations, they will be back on the floor of the Senate, and when they come back, they will say: Oh, my goodness, the deficit is too high. We have to cut Social Secu-rity, Medicare, Medicaid, education, and nutritional programs. In other words, in order to give tax breaks to billionaires and to launch profitable corporations, they are going to cut pro-grams for the elderly, the children, the working families of this country, and the poor. This legislation will go down in history as one of the worst, most un-fair pieces of legislation ever passed. I say to my Republican colleagues, as you saw on November 7, the American people are catching on. They are de-manding a government that does not simply work for corporate lobbyists but works for the middle class. They are demanding a tax system that says to the wealthy and large corporations: You are going to start paying your fair share of taxes, and, no, we are not going to cut Social Security; we are going to expand Social Security. We are not going to cut Medicare; we are going to move to a ‘‘Medicare for all’’ healthcare system. The American peo-ple are catching on. While Republicans may get away with this act of looting tonight, his-tory is not on their side. The day will come, and it will come sooner rather than later, when we are going to have a government here that represents all of us, not just the Koch brothers, not just the billionaire class, not just wealthy campaign contributors. I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I want to talk about one of the truly pro- growth features in this tax reform that is going to encourage investment in the United States, new business cre-ation, startup, expansion, and hiring that will be associated with that. That means new jobs, more demand for workers, and higher wages. What am I referring to? I am refer-ring to one of the things we do on the business side of this tax reform. The way I think about it, there are several big features that are going to drive economic growth on the business side of the Tax Code. One is certainly low-ering the top rate from the 35 percent that makes us uncompetitive in the global economy to 20 percent, which puts us pretty close to dead even among our competitors. That is one. That is an important part. The second one that I think is even more powerful is simply allowing busi-nesses to recognize, for tax purposes, expenses when they actually occur. Allow businesses, when they buy equip-ment and put that equipment to work in a factory or when buying earth-mov-ing equipment or new machinery, to recognize that cost when it occurs. By allowing them to recognize that cost when it occurs, they can afford to pur-chase more of that equipment. Why is that important? That is important because that is the source of enhanced worker produc-tivity. Workers are more productive when they have machinery and equip-ment to work with. This is why capital drives productivity growth. It is the in-vestment in that new equipment that creates demand for workers but also makes the worker more productive. The example I like to use that I think illustrates it reasonably well is this: If you go to a construction site and you have two guys working on that site and one of them is operating a backhoe and the other is using a shovel, they are both digging a hole; they are both mov-ing dirt. Which one do you think gets paid more? It is not a close call. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.059 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7692 December 1, 2017 
guy who is operating the backhoe is getting paid more on every such job site in America, not because there is a law that requires it but because he is a more productive worker. He has a skill set, and he is using major equipment that allows him to be much, much more productive than any human being can be with a simple hand tool. That is an illustration of how it is that when a company is able to put that equipment to work, the worker benefits. That worker operator is not the only one who benefits, because somebody has to make the backhoe. Someone has to work at the factory that builds the backhoe that was bought. So what we are doing when we allow this expensing to occur—when we allow businesses, for tax purposes, to recognize the expense when it occurs rather than gradually over time, we simply make it more af-fordable for business to put capital to work, to buy the kind of equipment to help them grow and help them help their workers become more productive. That is why this is a very constructive, pro-growth feature in our tax reform that is going to be very, very helpful to workers. But there is a third feature in our business tax reform that is also going to be great for America, and that is going to be our change from the cur-rent global tax system that we apply on the subsidiaries and affiliates of multinational companies—the change away from a global system to a terri-torial system. So what does that mean? So a global system is the system we have today, and America is unfortu-nately almost unique in the world in having this very counterproductive system. Here is how it works. If a subsidiary of an American company goes over-seas—say they go to England—and they open a business there because they want to serve the English population and they want to sell a product in Eng-land. So they go to England, they open their business, they make a profit, and they have to pay a tax to the English Government. That is normal. That is what any company operating there has to do. What America does, what we do in our Tax Code that almost no one else does is, we say: After you have paid that tax to the English Government, if you would like to dividend that money back to your parent company so it can be invested back home in America, we are going to charge you another layer of tax. We are going to make sure the combination of what you pay there and what you bring back home hits 35 per-cent, which is our current rate. It is completely uncompetitive. So, if you think about it, the rest of the world has a different system. They have the system which we know as a territorial system, and the idea there is the subsidiary in England pays its tax to the English Government and then whatever aftertax profit they choose to send home to their parent, if it is a French company or German company or a company somewhere else in the world, there is no additional tax layer. So which country do you think has a competitive advantage doing business in England? Anyone other than the United States. This has been the very reason that you have seen these inver-sions, these American companies get-ting acquired by other companies. In many cases, it is not about the eco-nomics, it is not about synergies, it is because there is a tax advantage to having a multinational headquartered almost anywhere other than the United States. There are a lot of good jobs at a corporate headquarters. There is management and sales and finance and planning and all kinds of really good jobs. We are losing these systemati-cally because we have this system that nobody else in the world has—almost nobody else has—that punishes compa-nies when they bring that money back home. So what are we going to do? We are going to change our system from one of the worst in the world to what I think is going to be one of the best. What we are going to do is we are going to say: Well, a company operating overseas has to pay that local tax, but we are not going to punish that company with another layer of tax when they bring that money back home to America and invest here. Most estimates of how much money—I should point out, you only get hit with that tax penalty if you bring that money home and rein-vest it in America. That is how crazy this is. It is called the deferral system. The common popular estimates by the economists who looked at this is that there are somewhere between $2 trillion, maybe even more than $3 tril-lion of earnings by the subsidiaries of American-based multinationals, where they have paid the tax overseas, as they must, but they refuse to bring the money back home because they don’t want to get hit with this huge tax. So think about all this money that is overseas somewhere else and not being invested in America. I have had conversations with CEOs who have told me they want to invest in the United States, but the tax makes it prohibitively expensive to bring it home, and therefore they are looking for opportunities overseas where they will not have this tax. We have to end this and we are going to end this in this bill and that is going to put an end to the tax incentive for these inversions—the movement over-seas of corporate headquarters. It is going to make America a great place to invest and to headquarter a multi-national company, and it is going to encourage that kind of growth. It is one of the central pillars of our busi-ness tax reform that is very construc-tive and very important. I see my colleague from South Da-kota is with us, and I will yield the floor now to him. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from South Dakota. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, I thank the Senator from Pennsylvania for out-lining and highlighting what are, I should say, some of the many reforms that are included in this legislation. Now, what he talked about is critically important. If America is going to be competitive in the global marketplace, we have to change our Tax Code because it is com-pletely outdated, completely anti-quated relative to any of the countries with whom we compete. So, as the Sen-ator from Pennsylvania pointed out, the reforms we make in this bill allow American companies to compete and win against those other countries around the world—the Chinas of the world, the Russias of the world. Those countries in which America has to compete on a daily basis have a huge advantage over American companies today simply because we have a tax code that doesn’t recognize and reflect what is happening in the global econ-omy, and that is why modernizing and updating our tax code was such a crit-ical part of our tax reform effort. I was listening to my colleague from Vermont, and I think this is a really great day in the U.S. Senate. We are getting close to the finish line on this tax bill. Over the past 24 hours, I think we have made a really great bill even better with more middle-class tax re-lief and more relief for small busi-nesses. We have moved our bill closer to the House’s bill in key areas, which I think will help us get this bill to the President’s desk in the very near fu-ture. I am excited about what this tax bill is going to do for the American people. America has always been about op-portunity, a place where you could start from nothing and become any-thing. Generations of people have come to this country to build a better life for themselves and an even better one for their children. My grandparents were those people. They came here from Norway back in 1906, started a small merchandising company after they had learned the language and worked for a while on the railroads that were being built across this country. It later be-came a hardware store, and to this day in Mitchell, SD, there is still a store that goes by the name of Thune Hard-ware. The family is not associated with it, but it is an example of the millions of Americans or millions of people who came to this country, came to America in search of opportunity. Unfortunately, in recent years, those vast horizons that so many people came to this country for seemed to shrink. The American dream has grown dim. Getting ahead has been replaced by getting by. We have watched idly as our jobs get shipped overseas, as other countries drop their business tax rates to better compete in the global mar-ketplace, as emerging economies and developed nations grow faster than the United States. Americans now fre-quently spend more time worrying about their future than looking for-ward to it. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.060 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7693 December 1, 2017 
We are turning that around starting today with this tax bill. I am reminded of Ronald Reagan’s Presidential ad noting that ‘‘It’s morning again in America.’’ Well, it may not be morning yet, but the dawn is peeking over the horizon. The tax bill before us today is going to provide immediate relief to hard- working Americans. It is going to im-mediately lower their tax bills. It is going to immediately mean more money in their pockets, but this bill is about much more than that. This bill isn’t just about helping Americans today, although it is most certainly going to do that. This bill is about helping Americans for the long term. It is about restoring the American dream. It is about giving Americans access to the kinds of wages, jobs, and opportu-nities that will set them up for a se-cure and more prosperous future, and it is about sending a message to the world that America is finally serious about competing for 21st century jobs and innovation. For years, our tax laws have kept American businesses at a disadvantage in the global economy. As other na-tions have changed their Tax Codes to strengthen their businesses, our Tax Code has kept American businesses struggling, but that ends now. This leg-islation makes a tremendous invest-ment in American businesses and American workers. Under this bill, American businesses will no longer face the double taxation that has kept them at a disadvantage next to their foreign counterparts and has pushed them to keep jobs and investment over-seas. They will no longer face the high-est corporate tax rate in the industri-alized world. They will no longer be playing catchup with their foreign competitors. Instead, American busi-ness will have money to invest in American workers. They will be able to expand their domestic operations, and they will be able to compete with and beat their competitors around the globe. What is the result of that? It means more growth here at home, more jobs, more opportunities, higher wages, and an America that can lead the world in innovation, job creation, and economic growth. America may have been through a rough patch lately, but she is coming back stronger than ever. America led the world in the 20th century, and this tax bill makes it clear that she is going to do the same in the 21st century. I hope our colleagues, when it comes time to vote on this tonight, will vote in favor of tax relief for middle-income families, vote for a stronger, growing, vibrant, robust economy that is cre-ating better paying jobs, raising wages for American workers and American families, and a brighter, better, and more prosperous future for future gen-erations of Americans. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I would just like to set the record straight on a couple of points. I have a response to my colleagues who continually say this corporate tax cut is going to raise workers’ wages by $4,000. Now, I asked the head of the Joint Committee on Taxation whether that was the case. He essentially said, no, he did not believe it was the case and referred us to tables that document it. Perhaps even more egregious is to-night we heard our colleague from Ohio say that a Congressional Budget Office report claims that workers are going to get 70 percent of the benefits from a corporate tax cut so it was raised even higher. Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent to have printed in the R
ECORD a portion of the report from the Congres-sional Budget Office, making it clear on the cover where it says the analysis and conclusions expressed there should not be interpreted as those of the Con-gressional Budget Office. It directly contradicts the comments made by the Senator from Ohio on wages and cor-porate tax cuts. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
Working Paper Series, Congressional Budget Office, Washington, D.C. I
NTERNATIONAL BURDENS OF THE CORPORATE  I
NCOME TAX William C. Randolph, Congressional Budget Office, Washington, D.C., August, 2006, 2006–09 Working papers in this series are prelimi-nary and are circulated to stimulate discus-sion and critical comment. These papers are not subject to CBO’s formal review and edit-ing processes. The analysis and conclusions expressed in them are those of the authors and should not be interpreted as those of the Congressional Budget Office. References in publications should be cleared with the au-thors. Papers in this series can be obtained at www.cbo.gov (select Publications and then Working Papers). 
ABSTRACT  This study applies a simple two-country, five-sector, general equilibrium model based on Harberger (1995, 2006) to examine the long- run incidence of a corporate income tax in an open economy. In equilibrium, capital is assumed to be perfectly mobile internation-ally in the sense that the country in which a real investment is located does not matter to the marginal investor. In addition, each country is assumed to produce at least some tradable corporate goods for which the coun-try cannot affect world output prices. Like the original Harberger (1962) model, the worldwide stock of capital and the supply of labor in each country are fixed. Under those assumptions, the model provides closed form solutions and easily understood predictions about its comparative static equilibria. As with any simplified model, the analysis is si-lent about some potentially important issues—such as the effect of the corporate tax on savings, growth and other dynamics— that may also have important effects on cor-porate tax incidence. The analysis shows how the domestic own-ers of capital can escape most of the cor-porate income tax burden when capital is re-allocated abroad in response to the tax. But, as in Bradford (1978), capital owners world-wide cannot escape the tax. Reallocation of capital abroad drives down the personal re-turn to investment so that capital owners worldwide bear approximately the full bur-den of the domestic corporate income tax. Foreign workers benefit because an in-creased foreign stock of capital raises their productivity and their wages. Domestic workers lose because their productivity falls and they cannot emigrate to take advantage of higher foreign wages. Under basic assump-tions of the numerical application, the out-come is also similar to the implications of the simpler model of Bradford in that the full worldwide burden falls on domestic own-ers of productive inputs. That outcome changes, however, under alternative assump-tions. Burdens are measured in a numerical ex-ample by substituting factor shares and out-put shares that are reasonable for the U.S. economy. Given those values, domestic labor bears slightly more than 70 percent of the burden of the corporate income tax. The do-mestic owners of capital bear slightly more than 30 percent of the burden. Domestic landowners receive a small benefit. At the same time, the foreign owners of capital bear slightly more than 70 percent of the burden, but their burden is exactly offset by the ben-efits received by foreign workers and land-owners. To the extent that capital is less mobile internationally, domestic labor’s bur-den would be lower and domestic capital’s burden would be higher. Burdens can also be affected by the domestic country’s ability to influence the world prices of some traded corporate outputs. But the signs and mag-nitudes of those effects on burden depend upon the relative capital intensities of pro-duction in the corporate sectors that produce internationally tradable goods. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, if I could have the attention of my colleague from Pennsylvania, I would like to pose a question to him on a matter. We, as we have indicated, have been digging through the amendments. As far as I can tell, what we have is the earlier language that imposes a new ex-cise tax on the investment income of large university endowments. That has been in the bill, so be it. Now, there seems to be a new excep-tion on page 289. The bill says that the new tax does not apply to a university otherwise subject to the tax if it is de-scribed in the first section, which is 511(a)(2)(B), and which does not receive Federal funds. This is new, and I am trying to figure out why there is this special exemp-tion. I can’t seem to find other people who are getting it or whom it benefits. I thought perhaps my colleague from Pennsylvania could enlighten me on this. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I would be happy to enlighten the Senator from Oregon. What my provision does is it applies to any college that chooses not to receive Federal funds under title IV, which is a very big category of funding for higher education. It is the provision that authorizes Federal financial stu-dent loan programs, for instance. So the theory is, which you may or may not agree with, but the view is, if a college chooses to forgo Federal money and the students that attend have to find their own way to get there, it is diminishing the burden that college would otherwise impose on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.062 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7694 December 1, 2017 
taxpayers, and so it is perfectly reason-able, in my view, to exempt such a col-lege from the tax on endowments that we are applying generally. That is the answer to your question. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, if my colleague would yield further, what is your analysis of how many colleges would benefit from this? The reason I ask is, in my view, there are a lot of deserving Oregon schools—and I seem to remember quite a few colleges in Pennsylvania—that also are very de-serving, they would not benefit from this, and I would like my colleague’s assessment of how many colleges would benefit from this particular provision. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I think there are very few probably who choose now to forgo all of this taxpayer money, but any college in America that wanted to could do so. So any col-lege that decided to adopt the policy I am alluding to here would choose to forgo the taxpayer money subsidizing their students and, if they choose to do that, then they wouldn’t have to pay tax on their endowment. It would apply to any college that made the choice. Mr. WYDEN. So is this Hillsdale Col-lege—because that is what I have been led to believe—and I would like my col-league’s analysis of whether they would benefit. Mr. TOOMEY. I believe that Hillsdale College would qualify for this, as would any other college that chooses to forgo title IV funding. Mr. WYDEN. I am just not aware of any. Mr. TOOMEY. There are other col-leges that choose to forgo the funding. I am not sure how many of them also have an endowment large enough at the moment that it would have an im-pact on them. I have no idea how long it might take them to develop an en-dowment. But the point is, anybody who is in this category would have this same treatment. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, would the Senator answer a question about this provision? Do you know who the biggest donor was to the Hillsdale College endow-ment? Mr. TOOMEY. I do not. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Would that be the DeVos family, by any chance? Mr. TOOMEY. The answer to your question is, I have no idea, and it doesn’t matter. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Do you know who added this provision in here? Mr. TOOMEY. I advocated this provi-sion. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. What does it have to do with taking title IV money as to whether or not your endowment will be taxed? How is that apples and apples? It sounds like apples and oranges. What in the world do those two have in rela-tion to each other? Mr. TOOMEY. Are you finished with your question? Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Yes. Mr. TOOMEY. I will answer it again. You may choose to disagree, and that is fine. We can have our different opin-ions on this. But my view is, a college that chooses to say ‘‘We don’t want to take any Federal taxpayer dollars’’ and therefore saves the taxpayer I don’t know how many millions altogether— usually thousands per student—I think it is quite reasonable that a college that chooses to not put that imposition on the Federal taxpayers ought to be able to be exempt from this tax. It would be available to any college that made that choice. Several colleges in America make this choice, and any others that choose to would be able to participate. Mrs. MCCASKILL. So the rationale is, if you choose not to take Federal money, then your endowment is no longer subject to any tax even though the endowment money comes from peo-ple who get a deduction for the money they give, correct? The endowment comes from donors. I thought the rea-son we were taxing the endowments is because the people who were giving the money were getting a tax deduction when they put it there. Mr. TOOMEY. The point is, the col-lege that is qualifying for this is choos-ing not to impose a tax burden on the American taxpayer. They are not al-lowing their students to take the Fed-eral taxpayer benefits that are avail-able to them. They choose not to. They save taxpayers a tremendous amount of money when they make that choice. I think it is reasonable to allow them not to also have to pay this tax on their endowment. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Are the people who are giving to the endowment still allowed to take a tax deduction? Mr. TOOMEY. I think people who give to the endowments are treated the same as people who give to any other endowment. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. So it doesn’t mat-ter, in terms of the people giving to the endowments, whether they get a tax deduction, just whether the school takes money from the Federal govern-ment? Mr. TOOMEY. The criteria is, if the school chooses to save Federal tax-payers very substantial amounts of money by forgoing the title IV funds, then the school would not have to pay the tax. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. My point, Sen-ator, is that the people who are giving to the endowment get the exact same tax benefit as people who give to any endowment in the country. Mr. TOOMEY. And it is a completely irrelevant point. The fact is, the school is choosing to save the taxpayers a lot of money by forgoing money that would be available to its students. So it is very reasonable to have this mod-est savings that is available to a school that makes that choice and saves the taxpayers this money. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. It doesn’t feel that way to us. It feels as if this is a very limited provision written for a very special person. Mr. TOOMEY. It is a universal provi-sion available to any school that chooses to take it. Mr. MERKLEY. Will my colleague from Pennsylvania yield for a ques-tion? Mr. TOOMEY. Yes. Mr. MERKLEY. Is this Hillsdale Col-lege the same one that was sued for discrimination in the 1980s? Mr. TOOMEY. I don’t know the his-tory of litigation against most col-leges, including Hillsdale. Mr. MERKLEY. You said you intro-duced this provision, and so I assumed you probably researched this. Isn’t the reason this college has not taken Fed-eral funds is because it was sued for discrimination? Mr. TOOMEY. This is not my under-standing. I do understand that my col-leagues on the far left do not have a fond opinion of Hillsdale, but I do. I ac-tually think it is a wonderful institu-tion, and I commend them for their choice, as other colleges, of forgoing taxpayer money that they could be taking, the burden they could be im-posing on taxpayers, but they choose not to. I think any college in that cat-egory, whether it is Hillsdale or any other college, ought not to have to pay the tax on the endowment. Mr. MERKLEY. You make the point that your colleagues on the left don’t have a fond opinion of this particular college, but my point is, we don’t have a fond opinion of discrimination and of giving a tax provision for just one col-lege that happens to be funded by one of the wealthiest families in America because they happen to be a Repub-lican donor. Why would that be a good provision in terms of the United States of America, to subsidize a college that quit taking Federal funds because of discrimination? Mr. TOOMEY. Why would you choose to mischaracterize this provision the way you just did? You said it is for one college, and you know that is not true. This is criteria available to any college in America, and any college that takes it will get that benefit. Mr. MERKLEY. Would my colleague provide a list of all the colleges that qualify, because our understanding is that only one—this was written for one to qualify. And that is why this shouldn’t be done at the last minute and just stuffed into a tax bill. Mr. TOOMEY. If my colleague doesn’t like that provision, he can offer an amendment to strike it. This is a wide-open process. Mr. WYDEN. I am reclaiming my time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic time has expired. Mr. WYDEN. I ask unanimous con-sent for 3 additional minutes to com-plete this one question. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. WYDEN. I thank the Chair. I was concerned at the beginning be-cause there are so many deserving schools in Oregon and Pennsylvania 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.063 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7695 December 1, 2017 
and elsewhere that don’t get this spe-cial treatment, and obviously you have heard my colleagues express their con-cern, and I think it transcends some-body’s politics. So my question now would be—the perfecting amendment has not yet been filed. Would my colleague be willing to take his provision out of the perfecting amendment and offer it as a separate amendment so we can actually have an up-or-down vote? And perhaps by that time, we will know how many colleges, if any other than this one, benefit. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, the Senator from Oregon referred to many other deserving schools. I don’t know which of them choose to forgo this tax-payer money, and if any of them do, then they qualify. If you do not like the provision, you are free to offer an amendment to strike the provision. That would be my recommendation. Mr. WYDEN. The answer is no. Mr. TOOMEY. I made my rec-ommendation. If you dislike the provi-sion, you can offer an amendment. Mr. WYDEN. Let the record show that my colleague has said no. And I can’t find anybody else in America who benefits from this particular provision, and that doesn’t strike me as right, to have it airdropped at the last minute into a bill. Mr. President, I believe I am out of time on my consent request. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that there now be 30 minutes, equally divided, for debate only, with no amendments or motions in order, and that the majority leader be recognized at the conclusion of that time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Who yields time? If no one yields time, time will be equally charged to each side. The Senator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I stand in support of the child tax credit. It is something that this bill goes a long way toward promoting. This is a great day in the sense that the Senate is moving forward with pro-moting the interests of the American family, doing something to weaken, to soften the impact of a little known fea-ture called the parent tax penalty. A lot of people are familiar with the marriage tax penalty in the Tax Code. It is a pernicious feature, one that pun-ishes people for getting married, one that can produce a series of adverse ef-fects simply by saying ‘‘I do.’’ That is wrong. Most Americans acknowledge that it is wrong. This bill goes a long way toward undoing that. There is a different thing called the parent tax penalty that, like I say, is less understood, less frequently dis-cussed than it should be. Here is how the parent tax penalty works. It is a basic function of the interaction between the Federal in-come tax system on the one hand and our Federal senior entitlement pro-grams, on the other—Social Security and Medicare. Here is how it works. Imagine two hypothetical couples, couple A and couple B. Couple A and couple B are identical in every respect but one, and that is that they are identical in their income patterns, charitable contribu-tions, mortgage interests, so on and so forth, except for one characteristic. Couple A has four children, and couple B chooses to remain childless. Over the course of their lifetimes and while raising their children, couple A will, on average—according to what some have described as lowball esti-mates produced by the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture—incur around $1 million in childrearing expenses, just the cost of raising their children. Cou-ple B, of course, being childless, will not incur those same expenses. At the same time, they are paying more or less at the same tax rate. There are a few differences in the existing Tax Code, but nothing to offset the dis-parity between the two couples in the sense that couple A, while incurring this $1 million in childrearing expenses while they are raising their children, is also paying into Social Security and Medicare. They are also paying taxes, and they are not having their contribu-tions to this solvency of Social Secu-rity and Medicare adequately taken into account. In other words, because Social Secu-rity and Medicare are funded on a pay- as-you-go basis, we have to remember that it is today’s workers who are pay-ing the retirement benefits of today’s retirees. It is today’s children who will be tomorrow’s workers who will be funding the requirement benefits under Social Security and Medicare of to-day’s workers and tomorrow’s retirees. This is what the parent tax penalty is all about. You see, the Federal Tax Code doesn’t adequately take into ac-count the enormous contribution of working parents and contributing to-ward the solvency and sustainability of Social Security and Medicare. This is why a little over 4 years ago, back in 2013, I started pushing this idea of the need to increase the child tax credit to help soften the impact of the parent tax penalty. This is not, to be sure, something that is intended to incentivize or compel parenthood. That is not our purpose at all. This is not so-cial engineering. It is one thing for the government to tell people they have to do something or to incentivize them to do another. It is quite another thing to simply tell people: We are going to punish you less for bringing about the possibility of sustaining Medicare and Social Secu-rity, for bringing children into this world, and raising tomorrow’s genera-tion of workers who will pay for the Social Security and Medicare benefits of today’s workers and tomorrow’s re-tirees. This is important, and this is some-thing that I am thrilled to see as part of this tax reform package. This tax re-form package does, in fact, increase the child tax credit to $2,000 per child. What I would like to see, and what I have been working on with Senator R
UBIO, is also to increase the refundability of the child tax credit, to move that refundability all the way up to $2,000 per child and make it refund-able up to the amount of taxes paid, in-cluding payroll taxes—in other words, up to 15.3 percent of earnings. What this would do is it would result in an effective cut in the payroll tax li-ability of middle-class, hard-working American moms and dads, some of whom might see their payroll tax li-ability exceed their income tax liabil-ity. They are still paying taxes. Tell a construction worker or a sec-retary or a police officer that he or she is not paying Federal taxes simply be-cause their biggest tax liability is found in the payroll tax. In this cir-cumstance, this amendment is needed in order to give these people signifi-cant tax benefits under this bill. It is important to remember that some 70 percent of the benefits under this bill go to America’s corporations and 30 percent to individuals. It is our desire to help spread out some of the benefits of this and to help spread it out, in particular, to America’s hard- working middle-class moms and dads. Now, the Rubio-Lee amendment, in its current formulation, would involve a very slight adjustment to the cor-porate tax rate, taking it from 20 per-cent to 20.94 percent. This is not an enormous difference. This reminds me a little bit of a story that I first heard told by Emo Philips. Emo Philips described himself as walking across the Golden Gate Bridge one night very late. He was alone on the bridge, or so he thought, until he got to about halfway across the bridge when he discovered he was not alone. He found somebody else standing on the outside of the guard-rail of the Golden Gate Bridge. Emo said: I could tell right away that this man was in trouble, and the thought occurred to me that maybe this man is thinking about taking the unfortunate step of ending his life by jumping off the bridge. Emo said: I stopped and asked the man the first thing that came to mind: Do you believe in God? The man said: Yes. Emo said: Me too. Are you a Chris-tian? The man said: Yes. Emo said: Me too. What denomina-tion are you? The man said: I am a Baptist. Emo said: Me too. Are you a northern Baptist or a southern Baptist? The man said: I am a northern Bap-tist. Emo said: Me too. Are you a northern fundamentalist Baptist or a northern reformed Baptist? The man said: I am a northern fun-damentalist Baptist. Emo said: Me too. Are you a northern fundamentalist Baptist, conference of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.065 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7696 December 1, 2017 
1857 or a northern fundamentalist Bap-tist, conference of 1812? The man said: Northern fundamen-talist conference of 1857. Emo said: Die, you heretic. And he pushed him off the bridge. The point here is that sometimes we have to acknowledge that very minor differences between us do not make us heretics. There is a very minor difference be-tween a corporate tax rate of 20 per-cent and a corporate tax rate of 20.94 percent. But that minor difference would make all the difference in the world to America’s hard-working moms and dads, many of whom are on the very cusp of where many parents find themselves, especially while their chil-dren are young. Imagine the construction worker, po-lice officer, or school teacher who are just making ends meet and who realize that if they were to take themselves out of the workforce, they might be able to receive government benefits that they are currently not receiving. They might, in some ways, find their quality of life going up, at least in the sense that they wouldn’t have to go to work. We don’t want them to have to do that, you see, because when they get into that circumstance, they might forgo other career opportunities. Without that job, there will not be the next job, the next promotion, and the next promotion after that. They might find themselves trapped in a web of poverty, held down by the very gov-ernment programs that are there to help them. That, in turn, might contribute to this growing expanse of the Federal Government and might inhibit eco-nomic growth. You see, sometimes we have to re-member that America’s ultimate and most important investor class is not necessarily just those people gathered around the boardroom. They are often in maternity wards or at the altar in a church saying ‘‘I do.’’ Sometimes the most important investments we make are in those children whom we rock to sleep at night, whom we raise to be the next generation of taxpayers, the next generation of contributors to our great society. This is why making sure that the child tax credit is there for them, is available to them, and is refundable up to the amount of taxes paid is so im-portant. These are not freeloaders. These are not people who would be seeking a wel-fare benefit, because the only benefit available to them under this child tax credit would be there for them only to the extent that they have been work-ing and paying taxes, paying into the system. This is an imminently reason-able request. In any event, this is a great moment in the very sense that we are having this conversation, in the very sense that we are poised right now to in-crease the child tax credit to $2,000 per child. This would go a significant way toward offsetting the parent tax pen-alty. It is my hope and my humble request that my colleagues will heed this call to make it even more meaningful by making the child tax credit refundable up to the amount of taxes paid, includ-ing payroll taxes. Thank you, Mr. President. I yield the floor. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, how much time remains on our side in the tranche? The PRESIDING OFFICER. Eleven minutes. Mr. WYDEN. I would like to yield 5 minutes of my time to the Senator from Ohio, Mr. B
ROWN . Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I thank Senator W
YDEN . Mr. President, if we want to cut taxes for the middle class, as my col-leagues keep saying, then let’s cut taxes for the middle class. Instead of giving the money to the corporations and hoping it trickles down, let’s cut out the middleman. Let’s put the money directly in the pockets of work-ing families. I will say that again. Instead of giv-ing the money to corporations and hop-ing it trickles down, cut out the mid-dleman and put the money directly in the pockets of working families. I will keep saying this, because tax reform should be that simple. I spent the last 2 weeks, and in par-ticular the past 2 days, working with Senators R
UBIO and L EEon a good- faith effort to bring the child tax credit into this conversation. I don’t believe their proposal goes far enough because it fails to index the CTC for inflation. For inflation, it is temporary. Remember, the tax cuts for individuals are temporary; the tax cuts for corporations are permanent. It con-tinues to be tied only to payroll taxes. It ignores the burdens we place on working families. We can find trillions—trillions—for corporations. This is all we can do for working families? Unfortunately, while Senators L
EE and R
UBIO were making a real effort at middle-class tax cuts, and I thought we were close to a bipartisan bill that could save this bill, it didn’t happen. Republican leadership—coming down the hall from Senator M
CCONNELL ’s of-fice—swooped in and made it clear that this bill is being written to benefit one class of people: corporations that shift jobs overseas and their CEOs. While Senators’ sons and daughters will do just fine under this proposal— they will get the full tax cut for their children—working families will pay the price. What we should do—frankly, what we must do—is vote this bill down and start over. Senators R
UBIO and L EEand I could work together, along with our col-league, Senator B
ENNET , to pass real middle-class tax cuts built around a compromise that begins with our shared goals on the child tax credit. That is where we start because, right now, this bill is not a tax cut for work-ing families. Everybody on this side of the aisle knows it. Every single person knows it. Whether they were person-ally a CEO, whether they were an ac-countant, whether they were a lawyer in a small town, they all know this is not a cut for middle-class families. Right now this bill is a massive give-away to multinational corporations that outsource American jobs. We know the companies shut down in Mansfield, OH, in Zanesville, in Lima, and in Chillicothe, they get a tax break, they move overseas, build a new factory, and sell those products back into the United States. We know that is what has been happening. We choose not to fix that and instead we do more of the same. Even before we take into account the loss of healthcare coverage for tens of millions of Americans, a full 62 percent of these tax cuts will go to the top 1 percent of households by the end of the decade. Sixty-two percent of these tax cuts go to the top 1 percent of house-holds. Even with the Bush tax cuts, which were clearly weighted way too much to the wealthiest people in our country—the most privileged—that was only 27 percent of those tax cuts, those benefits that went to the wealthiest 1 percent. So let’s end the charade that this bill is a tax cut for ordinary Americans. It is simply not. Their CEO pals have let the cat out of the bag. Bloomberg said this morn-ing: ‘‘Instead of hiring more workers. . . .’’ My friends on the other side of the aisle say, if we cut taxes on cor-porations, it will raise wages, and they will hire more workers. Bloomberg said: ‘‘Instead of hiring more workers or raising their pay, companies say they will first increase dividends or buy back their own shares.’’ That is what they always do. They take the money for themselves. They take the money for stockholders and stock buybacks and more executive compensation. The corporate CEOs couldn’t be clearer: They are keeping the money for themselves. It is not going into the pockets of workers. Again, take out the middleman. If you want to do tax cuts for the middle class, then do tax cuts for the middle class. If my colleagues mean what they say—if they want to cut taxes for the middle class—work with us bipartisanly on a good child tax credit that will really work for working fami-lies and cut taxes directly for the mid-dle class. I yield the floor. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, today I wish to speak about the important leg-islation we are now considering. Earlier this week, I explained some of the reasons the Senate needs to con-sider tax reform legislation and gave a general overview of the bill. Today I want to talk about some of the specific provisions of the bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.066 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7697 December 1, 2017 
First, I want to talk about the relief this bill provides to hard-working Americans. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act reduces tax rates for individuals, al-most doubles the standard deduction, and doubles the child tax credit. This will allow families to keep more of the money they earn in their pockets. The independent Tax Foundation estimates that this will amount to about $2,500 more in after-tax income for a middle- income family in Wyoming. This bill also will provide relief to small, family-owned businesses that currently employ the majority of the private sector in Wyoming. The bill cuts taxes for these businesses while enhancing deductions that are impor-tant to them, like the section 179 de-duction that promotes business invest-ment. The Tax Foundation believes changes like this will add more than 1,700 full time jobs in my home State. While these individual Tax Code pro-visions are important to so many Wyo-mingites and small businesses in my home State, I am also especially proud of the international tax provisions in this bill, which I worked on with Sen-ator P
ORTMAN and Chairman H ATCh. Right now, our tax rules are written so that many businesses could be bet-ter off if they are headquartered out-side of the United States. Those rules, which were written in the 1960s, are completely outdated. Many of the U.S. major trading partners, including Can-ada, Japan, and the U.K., have moved to what are called ‘‘territorial’’ tax systems. Those systems tax the income generated within their borders and ex-empt foreign earnings from tax. The United States, on the other hand, taxes the worldwide income of U.S. companies and provides deferral of U.S. tax until the foreign earnings are brought home. Deferring the tax incentivizes companies to leave their money abroad and invest it there. That is certainly not a recipe for U.S. growth and U.S. job creation. The dominance of U.S.-headquartered companies in the global marketplace is waning. In 2000, 36 percent of the For-tune Global 500 companies were headquartered in the United States. In 2009, that number dropped to 28 per-cent. In 2017, we are down to 26 percent. Clearly, America is losing ground, and our international tax rules are part of the problem. I have been working to change that since the 112th Congress, when I intro-duced the United States Job Creation and International Tax Reform Act. My goal then was to incentivize American companies to create jobs in the United States while leveling the playing field for U.S. companies in the global mar-ketplace. I believe the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act achieves that goal. This bill would reform and modernize the rules for taxing the global oper-ations of American companies. These reforms, along with reducing our cor-porate tax rate, would help make America a more attractive location to base a business that serves customers around the world. With these provisions in law, families would hear fewer stories about how U.S. companies are moving their prof-its to tax haven countries and avoiding U.S. tax on those earnings. Families would hear fewer stories about how U.S. multinational companies set up post office boxes in the Cayman Islands and Switzerland without an employee or officer of the company anywhere in sight and attribute a significant por-tion of their foreign earnings to these jurisdictions. Instead, families would hear more stories about how U.S. com-panies are generating the ideas and in-ventions of tomorrow right here in America. The international tax rules are not easy or simple, and a lot of work went into these provisions. I want to again thank Senator PORTMAN and Chairman H
ATCH for their work with me in this area. I look forward to continuing to work with them and the rest of my col-leagues to pass this bill that our coun-try desperately needs. Thank you. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I rise today to engage in a colloquy with the distinguished chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Senator H
ATCH . Mr. Chairman, I would like to clarify a point in connection with the applica-tion of the base erosion anti-abuse tax in the Tax Cuts and Jobs act to serv-ices companies. The act provides an ex-ception from the base erosion anti- abuse tax for services. The act limits the exception to the ‘‘total services cost with no markup.’’ As a practical matter, companies account for amounts paid or accrued for services in a variety of ways. I would like to clar-ify that, if in a transaction a company used one account for services cost with no markup and another account for any additional amounts paid or ac-crued, that the first account would be subject to the exception under the bill. The act also excludes an amount paid or incurred for services if those serv-ices meet the requirements for the services cost method under Internal Revenue Code section 482, excluding the requirement that the services not contribute significantly to funda-mental risks of business success or fail-ure. Is it the intent that, for this purpose, that the business judgment rule under current law and regulations will not prevent an amount from being excluded under the act? Mr. HATCH. The Senator is correct. The intent of the provision is to ex-clude all amounts paid or accrued for services costs with no markup. Thus amounts paid or accrued in that ac-count would be excluded from the base erosion anti-abuse tax. Other accounts related to the same transaction may or may not be excepted from this tax. Similarly, it is the intent that for purposes of the base erosion anti-abuse tax that the business judgment rule will not prevent an amount from being excluded under the act. I would like to thank my friend from Ohio for his leadership on international tax issues, especially since he joined this committee. I look forward to con-tinuing to work with him on these im-portant issues. Mr. PORTMAN. I thank the chair-man for that clarification and appre-ciate his outstanding leadership and work on this historic tax reform meas-ure. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I want-ed to take an opportunity to clarify the implications of title II in the rec-onciliation bill before us pertaining to the development of oil and gas re-sources along the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. As our colleagues recall, the Senate instructed the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee to report legisla-tion that reduces the deficit by $1 bil-lion between 2018 and 2027. In response to those instructions, the committee reported recommendations to open the refuge’s coastal plain, otherwise known as the 1002 Area, to oil and gas develop-ment. In the process of considering and ul-timately reporting this legislation, the chair of the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee, the senior Senator from Alaska, Ms. MURKOWSKI , assured members of the committee that, if the legislation became law, it would re-quire such development be subject to the full scope of environmental review required by the National Environ-mental Policy Act, or NEPA, as well as other environmental laws. Indeed, earlier in this floor debate, the Senator from Alaska reiterated an assurance that the environment and local wildlife will always be a concern and a priority and that this legislation does not waive NEPA or any other en-vironmental laws. I take my colleague at her word and thank her for her com-mitment. After the Energy Committee reported its recommendations to the Senate Budget Committee, the Parliamen-tarian advised that the committee-re-ported language directing the Sec-retary of the Interior to manage the oil and gas program on the coastal plain ‘‘in accordance with’’ the Naval Petro-leum Reserves Production Act of 1976 and its supporting regulations set up a clear conflict of law with NEPA, which is the jurisdiction of the EPW Com-mittee. Because any changes to NEPA applicability, scope, and the content of environmental reviews conducted under the law, especially those within a National Wildlife Refuge, lie exclu-sively within the jurisdiction of the Environment and Public Works Com-mittee, the language in section 20001(b)(3) was found to be extraneous under the definition in section 313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act. It appears that this effect may have been inadvertent, given the assurance we have received from the Senator from Alaska, chair of the Energy Com-mittee, that ‘‘we did not waive NEPA or any other environmental law.’’ In any event, as a result, the substitute 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.072 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7698 December 1, 2017 
amendment if adopted, would modify section 20001(b)(3) in an effort to elimi-nate extraneous language. It does this by directing the Secretary of the Inte-rior to manage the oil and gas oper-ations in the coastal plain in a manner ‘‘similar’’ to the requirements of the Naval Petroleum Reserves Product Act of 1976. This modification, while it might appear to be small, is a signifi-cant change. The Parliamentarian has advised that the language in the substitute is in order, meaning that it no longer runs afoul of section 313(b)(1)(C) of the Congressional Budget Act. The new language appears to achieve the stated intent of the chair of the Energy Com-mittee to not repeal, modify or other-wise limit in any way the application of NEPA, the Endangered Species Act, the Marine Mammal Protection Act, the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, or any other envi-ronmental or land management stat-ute. Importantly, the requirement that oil and gas activities must be deter-mined to be ‘‘compatible with the major purposes for which such areas are established,’’ as required by 16 U.S.C. 668dd(d)(1)(A), still applies. The Senate should be fully aware of the substantive difference produced by the perfecting amendment offered by the majority leader, Mr. M
CCONNELL . The change in the management regime as required by this amendment signifi-cantly reduces the receipts generated by lease sales that are mandated on the coastal plain, as shown in the amend-ment’s score produced by the Congres-sional Budget Office. While the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee rightly exercises prime responsibility to determine the scope and nature of oil and gas leasing activities broadly, these activities are subject to a variety of aforementioned environmental and natural resource statutes and associated regulations that fall within the Environment and Public Works Committee’s jurisdic-tion. That is particularly true of ac-tivities in National Wildlife Refuges and most certainly true of the refuge’s coastal plain. Indeed, NEPA assessments for Fed-eral oil and gas activities in Alaska’s Kenai National Wildlife Refuge are conducted in accordance with the same standards applied to oil and gas leasing in all other refuges. The Bureau of Land Management, in coordination with the Fish and Wildlife Service, will continue to apply the provisions of the Mineral Leasing Act and the associated regulations, memorialized in 43 CFR part 3100, which specify that leases shall be issued subject to stipulations prescribed by the Fish and Wildlife Service. In summary, I would just say that my colleague from Alaska, as chair of the Energy Committee, and I, serving as the ranking member of the Environ-ment and Public Works Committee, share a common understanding that NEPA and other seminal environ-mental laws will apply to potential leasing activities and related explo-ration and development on the coastal plain of the Arctic Refuge. Mr. CASSIDY. Mr. President, today I wish to discuss the historic rehabilita-tion tax credit. During the Finance Committee markup of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the committee adopted my amendment to return the historic rehabilitation tax credit to the 20 per-cent level, with the credit now claimed over 5 years, as well as a transition rule to grandfather approved and un-derway projects under the prior law and regulations. The historic rehabilitation tax credit program provides jobs and investment in communities across the country. More than 40 percent of projects over the past 15 years have been located in communities with populations less than 25,000 people. Since 2002, the his-toric rehabilitation tax credit has fa-cilitated 782 projects in Louisiana, bringing more than $2.2 billion of in-vestment into cities and towns across the State. I am pleased this important provision will be preserved in tax re-form. For purposes of the transition rule in my amendment, ‘‘taxpayer’’ refers to the person who undertakes the reha-bilitation of a building. In the case where a person makes an election under section 48(d), the term ‘‘tax-payer’’ means the lessor, since the les-sor is the person who undertook the re-habilitation. It is intended that the historic rehabilitation tax credits be available during the transition period only to the extent such credits would have been available under the prior law and regulations. Mr. President, I am proud of the work we have done in the Senate to de-velop a bill that delivers tax cuts to working families and significantly im-proves the competitiveness of our Tax Code. This will lead to greater invest-ment, more jobs and opportunity, and an increase in economic growth. I would like to take a moment to highlight an important, unresolved issue that we should consider as we work toward putting a bill on the President’s desk. Families in Louisiana are particu-larly prone to the negative impacts of natural disasters. From Hurricane Katrina in 2005 to historic flooding in multiple parts of the state during 2016, we have unfortunately seen some sig-nificant losses in our State; yet as we saw once again with the recent Hurri-canes Harvey and Irma, Louisianans are resilient and watchful of neighbors through the tragedy and the recovery. One aspect of recovery that many people don’t see is the enormous amount of capital that flows into the storm zone from the reinsurance indus-try. In simple terms, reinsurance is in-surance for insurance companies, and it helps Louisianans rebuild their homes, their businesses, and their lives. Reinsurance transfers risk from the balance sheets of property and casualty insurance carriers so those companies can provide cost-effective solutions to consumers and businesses. A robust re-insurance market helps ensure that policyholders are getting the best rates possible on insurance for their homes and businesses. Many of the largest re-insurers in the world were founded in Europe 100 years ago or more, and a number of them do business in the United States through U.S. subsidi-aries. My concern is the potential impact of the bill’s base erosion provision on the reinsurance market and policyholders along the gulf coast. The base erosion provision has the rightful intent of tar-geting bad actors who implement strat-egies to avoid U.S. taxes; yet the provi-sion may have an unintended con-sequence of negatively impacting cross-border reinsurers conducting nor-mal transactions, which could affect the market and premiums. Reinsurance is critical to families and businesses in Louisiana, particu-larly after a natural disaster, and I hope to work with my Senate and House colleagues on this matter as we work to get the bill to the President’s desk. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. President, today I rise to discuss the historic rehabilita-tion tax credit. The historic rehabilita-tion tax credit is a vital component of pro-growth tax reform and a shot in the arm for communities across the country. For instance, in my State of Louisiana, the credit has encouraged 782 restoration projects since 2002. This amounts to more than $2.2 billion in in-vestment into cities and towns across the State. Many of these private in-vestment dollars are flowing into small and rural communities with popu-lations less than 25,000 people. I am pleased that the Finance Com-mittee restored the historic rehabilita-tion tax credit to the 20-percent level and ensured a smooth transition for ap-proved and underway projects by grandfathering them in under the prior law and regulations. For purposes of the historic rehabili-tation tax credit’s transition rule, ‘‘taxpayer’’ refers to the person who undertakes the rehabilitation of a building. In the case where a person makes an election under section 48(d), the term ‘‘taxpayer’’ means the lessor, since the lessor is the person who un-dertook the rehabilitation. It is in-tended that the historic rehabilitation tax credits be available during the transition period only to the extent such credits would have been available under the prior law and regulations. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my motions to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Wyden moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.074 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7699 December 1, 2017 
(1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) make permanent the tax cuts for indi-viduals and small businesses and eliminate middle class tax increases, including rein-stating the full State and Local tax deduc-tion, paid for by sun-setting tax cuts for do-mestic and multinational corporations. 
Mr. UDALL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent, with the support of Senators W
YDEN , BENNET , FEINSTEIN , and K
LOBUCHAR , that the text of my motion to commit be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Udall moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources with instructions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in ses-sion, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) provide for full, permanent, and manda-tory funding for the payment in lieu of taxes program under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code; and (3) provide for the permanent authoriza-tion of the Secure Rural Schools and Com-munity Self-Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
Mr. REED. Mr. President, I ask unan-imous consent that the following mo-tion to H.R. 1, the Tax Reconciliation Act, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Reed moves to commit the bill, H.R. 1, to the committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in three days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) preserve the value of the low income housing tax credit and increase further the small State minimum allocation. 
Mr. BOOKER. Mr. President, I intend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Booker moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would ensure that the bill would not re-sult in cuts to the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I in-tend to offer the following motion to H.R. 1, and I ask unanimous consent that it be printed in the R
ECORD . The motion is supported by Senators C
ANT-
WELL , VANHOLLEN , CARDIN , and B OOK-
ER. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: MOTION TO COMMIT WITHINSTRUCTIONS  Mr. Menendez moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with in-structions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate the repeal of the State and local tax deduction if State and local spending on investments in Medicaid and other health care, infrastructure, or services for children or seniors, education, or law en-forcement is reduced or taxes on the middle class are increased. 
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. The minority leader. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, in just a short time, we will proceed to a final vote on the Republican tax bill. We un-derstand they have the votes to pass their bill, despite a process and a prod-uct that no one can be proud of, and ev-eryone should be ashamed of. Histo-rians will mark today as one of the darkest black-letter days in the long history of this Senate. Once hailed as the greatest delibera-tive body, as a beacon of American de-mocracy, and the envy of representa-tive governments around the world, the Senate seems to have abandoned those qualities in a rush to pass a bill that no one is proud of. Substantively, the Re-publicans have managed to take a bad bill and make it worse. It was chockful of special interest giveaways before to-night, but now, under the cover of darkness and with the aid of haste, a flurry of last-minute changes will stuff even more money into the pockets of the wealthy and the biggest corpora-tions while raising taxes on millions in the middle class. One provision may be a metaphor for the whole bill. One college, Hillsdale College, has been exempted from taxes on colleges with large endowments. Hillsdale College is supported by the DeVos family, one of the largest con-tributors to the Republican Party. A specific provision, just like an ear-mark, was slipped into the bill, added by a Senator who fought to remove earmarks from Congress several years ago. A single wealthy college—the pet project of a billionaire campaign con-tributor to the Republican Party—was exempted from a tax by a Senator who fought to get rid of earmarks. This, un-fortunately, is the metaphor for this bill and how high the stench is rising in this Chamber as we debate the bill tonight. In my long career in politics, I have not seen a more regressive piece of leg-islation so devoid of rationale, so ill- suited for the conditions of the coun-try, so removed from the reality of what the American people need. Work-ing people in this country are strug-gling. Corporations and the very wealthy are doing great. There is no reason for rushing through a tax break for millionaires and billionaires, paid for by pilfering the pockets and the healthcare of mid-dle-class Americans. Millions of mid-dle-class families will get a tax hike next year and millions more thereafter because of this bill. That is why this bill is such a monstrosity, such a dan-ger to the country, and the American people know it. That is why they op-pose the bill in large majorities. My Republican friends will ulti-mately pay consequences for this bill in 2018 and beyond. The Republican Party will never again be the party of tax cuts for middle-class people. With the passage of this tax bill today, it will be the first day of the new Repub-lican Party—one that raises taxes on the middle class, abandoning its prin-ciples for its political paymasters. With respect to the process, the bill my Republican friends hope to pass so soon was received by Members of this body only a few hours ago. Not a single Member of this Chamber has read the bill. It would be impossible. Some of the pages were completely crossed off, and text had been replaced by hand-written notes. When we got the bill, this is what it looked like. This is what it looked like. When asked before by Senator D
UR-
BIN, the Senate clerk said she couldn’t even read it, and this section is one of the most complicated sections of the bill, dealing with passthroughs. Law-yers are paid thousands of dollars an hour to find ways for their wealthy pa-trons to avoid sections just like this, and my Republican friends don’t have the decency, the honor to let us debate it. Senator M
CCASKILL was the first to discover that a list of proposed amend-ments was circulating among lobby-ists. My Republican friends allowed lobbyists to see amendments, and like-ly the text of this bill, before their fel-low U.S. Senators. There is no score of this bill by the Joint Committee on Taxation. There will be no analysis of how American businesses and taxpayers fare under this bill, how high taxes go up or go down, whether the economy grows or shrinks, whether it creates jobs or loses them. Who knows? Certainly no one here. No one could know because it hasn’t even been read, let alone thoughtfully considered. I remember a few years back when my Republican colleagues gleefully scolded us to ‘‘read the bill’’ because the Affordable Care Act was a lengthy piece of legislation, and that bill was available for days before anyone had to vote on it. With this stunning decep-tion, with this reckless ramrodding of a bill, Republicans are reaching here-tofore unreached heights of hypocrisy, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.079 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7700 December 1, 2017 
and the Senate is descending to a new low of chicanery. Read the bill? They are still writing it by hand, mere hours before voting on it. Is this really how Republicans are going to rewrite the Tax Code, scrawled like something on the back of a napkin behind closed doors with the help of K Street lobbyists? If that is not a recipe for swindling the middle class and loosening loopholes for the wealthy, I don’t know what is. I don’t know if it is possible for a Senate ma-jority leader to depart further from re-sponsible legislating than the process we witnessed with this tax bill. Tonight, Mr. President, I feel mostly regret at what could have been. What a grave shame it is that we weren’t able to work together on this bill. Tax re-form is an issue that is ripe for bipar-tisan compromise. Democrats have spent many long hours with our Repub-lican colleagues talking about our tax reform ideas. There is a sincere desire on this side of the aisle to work with our colleagues, particularly on tax re-form, but we have been rebuffed time and time again. Even under these dif-ficult circumstances, Senators C
OONS , W
ARNER , BENNET , MANCHIN , HEITKAMP , D
ONNELLY , and M CCASKILL have tried in good faith to convince our Repub-lican colleagues to sit down and talk to us. We have tried to convince you all that we want to join you in tax reform, to have a real debate befitting this au-gust body. It is an expression of the brokenness of our politics that the influence of moneyed interests and the political right was so great that it overcame even the best of intentions of my Re-publican colleagues, so many of whom I admire, so many of whom I know, be-cause they have said it to me, lament the steady erosion of bipartisanship in the one institution in our government designed by nature to foster it. I salute my friend the Senator from Tennessee for standing fast by his prin-ciples and having the courage of his convictions. I only regret that there were not more who followed his admi-rable example. After a divisive and draining battle over the future of healthcare, we could have moved the Senate back toward sanity, bipartisanship, compromise. We could have accomplished something great for the country and for this body at the same time. Although time is running short, there is still time, and I will make one final plea. Because this bill is so slant-ed toward the wealthy and powerful and rains tax increases upon millions of middle-class citizens; because the bill is laden with special interest provi-sions, some recently found and many not yet seen; because the bill was given to lobbyists to read and change before Senators saw it; and because the bill was given to us on few hours’ notice and has not been read fully or consid-ered fully by a single Senator, I move that we adjourn until Monday so we can first read and then clean up this awful piece of legislation. MOTION TO ADJOURN  
Mr. President, I move that the Sen-ate adjourn until Monday, December 4, 2017, at 12 noon, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 293 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI ). The majority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1855 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1618 (Purpose: To provide a perfecting amend-ment.) 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent to call up amendment No. 1855; that the amend-ment be agreed to; that Senate amend-ment No. 1618, as amended, be consid-ered original text for the purpose of further amendment; and that all points of order be preserved. I further ask that all time be yielded back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amendment by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. H ATCH , proposes an amend-ment numbered 1855 to amendment No. 1618. 
(The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The amendment (No. 1855) was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1720, 1854, AND 1850 TO  
AMENDMENT NO . 1618 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing amendments be called up en bloc and reported by number: Sanders No. 1720, Brown. No 1854, and Rubio No. 1850. I further ask consent that the Senate now vote in relation to the Sanders amendment and that following disposition of the amendment, the Sen-ate vote in relation to the above amendments in the order listed; fi-nally, that there be 2 minutes equally divided between the managers or their designees prior to all further votes to-night and that they be 10 minutes in length. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 1720, 1854, and 1850 en bloc to amendment No. 1618. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1720 (Purpose: To create a point of order against legislation that cuts Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid benefits) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. POINT OF ORDER AGAINST LEGISLA-TION THAT CUTS SOCIAL SECURITY, MEDICARE, OR MEDICAID BENEFITS. 
(a) P OINT OF ORDER .—It shall not be in order in the Senate to consider any bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would— (1) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-efits scheduled under title II of the Social Security Act; (2) increase either the early or full retire-ment age for the benefits described in para-graph (1); (3) privatize Social Security; (4) result in a reduction of guaranteed ben-efits for individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act; or (5) result in a reduction of benefits or eligi-bility for individuals enrolled in, or eligible to receive medical assistance through, a State Medicaid plan or waiver under title XIX of such Act. (b) W
AIVER AND APPEAL .—Subsection (a) may be waived or suspended in the Senate only by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An af-firmative vote of two-thirds of the Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn, shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under subsection (a). 
AMENDMENT NO . 1854 (Purpose: To amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the Child Tax Cred-it, and for other purposes) Strike section 11022 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—There shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) with respect to each qualifying child of the taxpayer who has attained 6 years of age before the close of such taxable year and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.071 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7701 December 1, 2017 
for which the taxpayer is allowed a deduc-tion under section 151, an amount equal to $2,000, and ‘‘(2) with respect to each qualifying child of the taxpayer who has not attained 6 years of age before the close of such taxable year and for which the taxpayer is allowed a de-duction under section 151, an amount equal to $2,500. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the credit allowable under subsection (a) (including any increase pursuant to subsection (h)) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount equal to 5 percent of the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income which is in excess of the threshold amount. ‘‘(2) T
HRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘threshold amount’ means— ‘‘(i) $250,000 in the case of a joint return, ‘‘(ii) $200,000 in the case of an individual who is not married, and ‘‘(iii) $125,000 in the case of a married indi-vidual filing a separate return. ‘‘(B) M
ARITAL STATUS .—For purposes of this paragraph, marital status shall be deter-mined under section 7703.’’, (2) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘this subsection’’, and (B) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (i) by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘45 percent’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘as exceeds $3,000’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(h) A
DDITIONAL CREDIT FOR CERTAIN  O
THER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, the credit determined under subsection (a) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a quali-fying child described in subsection (c). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NON -CITIZENS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD.—In the case of a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2025, paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be applied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(j) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in subsection (a) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any increase determined under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (c) O
FFSETS .— (1) A
DJUSTMENT AND TERMINATION OF COR -
PORATE RATE .—Section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’ (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF 25 P ERCENT RATE.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2027— ‘‘(1) the tax computed under subsection (a) shall be computed in the same manner as such tax was computed under subsection (b) (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), and ‘‘(2) this title shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the amendments made by section 13002 of such Act had not been enacted.’’. (2) ADJUSTMENT OF HIGHEST RATE BRACK -
ET.— (A) J
OINT RETURNS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(A), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘Over $1,000,000 ............... $301,479, plus 39.6% of the excess over $1,000,000.’’. 
(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(B), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 ................. $149,348, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(C), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 ................. $150,739.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The last row of the table con-tained in section 1(j)(2)(D), as added by sec-tion 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 ................. $150,739.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(E) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (3) G
LOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW -TAXED INCOME  
ON A COUNTRY -BY-COUNTRY BASIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 951(a), as added by section 14201 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION OF GLOBAL INTANGIBLE  L
OW-TAXED INCOME ON A COUNTRY -BY-COUN -
TRYRATHER THANAGGREGATE BASIS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the global in-tangible low-taxed income of any United States shareholder for any taxable year shall be determined separately with respect to each foreign country by taking into account such shareholder’s pro rata share of net CFC tested income and net deemed tangible in-come return which is properly allocable to such foreign country. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to provide for the application of this section, and any provision of this title to which this section relates, on a country-by-country rather than an aggregate basis.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the amendments made by sec-tion 14201 of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1850 (Purpose: To increase the refundability of the child tax credit, and for other purposes) Beginning on page 46, strike line 5 and all that follows through page 48, line 21, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—In lieu of subsection (d), the following provi-sions shall apply for purposes of the credit allowable under this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The aggregate credits allowed to a taxpayer under subpart C shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the credit which would be allowed under this section without regard to this paragraph and the limitation under section 26(a), or ‘‘(ii) the amount by which the aggregate amount of credits allowed by this subpart (determined without regard to this para-graph) would increase if the limitation im-posed by section 26(a) were increased by an amount equal to the sum of the taxpayer’s payroll taxes for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) P
AYROLL TAXES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘payroll taxes’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the amount of the taxes imposed by— ‘‘(I) section 1401 on the self-employment in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year, ‘‘(II) section 3101 on wages received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(III) section 3111 on wages paid by an em-ployer with respect to employment of the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(IV) sections 3201(a) and 3211(a) on com-pensation received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, and ‘‘(V) section 3221(a) on compensation paid by an employer with respect to services ren-dered by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL REFUND OF  
PAYROLL TAXES .—The term ‘payroll taxes’ shall not include any taxes to the extent the taxpayer is entitled to a special refund of such taxes under section 6413(c). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts paid pursuant to an agreement under section 3121(l) (relating to agreements entered into by American employers with respect to for-eign affiliates) which are equivalent to the taxes referred to in subclause (II) or (III) of clause (i) shall be treated as taxes referred to in such clause. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any tax-able year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.010 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7702 December 1, 2017 
(d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.94 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, the next three votes will be in relation to Sanders amendment No. 1720, Brown amendment No. 1854, and Rubio amend-ment No. 1850. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1720 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is now 2 minutes of debate equally di-vided prior to a vote on the Sanders amendment. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, could we have order, please? The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will be in order. The Senator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Thank you. Madam President, tonight is chapter 1 of the Republican Party Koch broth-ers plan. Tonight, the Republicans provide $1 trillion in tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country and to the larg-est corporations, while raising the def-icit by over $1.4 trillion. Part 2 of their plan—probably coming in a few months—will be to call for massive cuts to Social Security, Medi-care, and Medicaid in order to pay for their tax breaks to the rich. For those of us who don’t want to cut these vi-tally important programs that the American people have paid for, this amendment establishes a 67-vote threshold to make those cuts. If you don’t want to cut Social Secu-rity, Medicare, and Medicaid to give tax breaks to millionaires, support this amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, the Sanders amendment is nongermane and would gut this legislation. The bill be-fore us does not cut Social Security. It does not cut Medicare. It does not cut Medicaid benefits. So I encourage my colleagues to oppose the Sanders amendment and—does the Senator have any time remaining? Mr. SANDERS. I would just say that I would be delighted to gut and destroy this legislation, but pursuant to sec-tion 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974—I am sorry. Mr. ENZI. I yield back the remainder of my time. The pending amendment No. 1720 does not produce a change in outlays or a change in revenues, and this is extra-neous to the instruction in H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this measure pursuant to section 313(b)(1)(A) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Vermont. Mr. SANDERS. Pursuant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sec-tions of that act for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 46, nays 54, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 294 Leg.] YEAS—46 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—54 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Carper Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warner Wicker Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 46, the nays are 54. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1854 
There will now be 2 minutes of de-bate, equally divided, prior to a vote on the Brown amendment No. 1854. The Senator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, with-out the Brown-Bennet amendment, a Senator’s kid gets more tax relief than the daughter of a family in Garfield Heights, OH, who makes $40,000 a year. I will say that again. A Senator’s kid gets more tax relief than the daughter of a family earning $30,000 or $40,000. Brown-Bennet is permanent; Rubio- Lee isn’t. Brown-Bennet provides more for small children at the most important time in their young lives. My wife and I live in Cleveland, OH, in ZIP Code 44105. Our ZIP Code had more foreclosures in 2007 than any ZIP Code in the United States of America. This amendment helps to answer that. ZIP Codes should not be the deter-mining factor for the future of a child. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. Mr. ENZI. Madam President, while this amendment expands the child tax credit provisions, it makes the credit available to fewer taxpayers. It also raises the corporate tax rate to 25 per-cent. The underlying bill already pro-vides for a generous enhanced child tax credit with increased refundability that reaches far up into the middle class, giving relief to millions of fami-lies. This amendment would undermine the balance struck in the drafting of this bill and diminish its potential to generate growth. Has all time expired? The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time has not expired. The Senator has 20 seconds. Mr. ENZI. The pending amendment No. 1854 would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the Finance Com-mittee’s section 302(a) allocation of new budget authority or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this measure pursuant to sec-tion 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Madam President, pur-suant to section 904 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act for purposes of the pending amend-ment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 295 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.012 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7703 December 1, 2017 
Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 52. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1850 
There will now be 2 minutes of debate equally divided prior to a vote on Rubio amendment No. 1850. The Senator from Florida is recog-nized. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, this amendment would allow people making primarily between $20,000, $50,000, $60,000 a year—workers, firefighters, police officers—to keep more of their own payroll tax liabilities. In a mo-ment, there will be a point of order, and the objection to this has been budgetary. This is paid for. Instead of cutting the corporate rate to 20 per-cent, it cuts it to 20.94 percent. Instead of a 15-point cut, we are asking for a 14.06 cut. Apparently, American cor-porations at 20 percent, America will be a corporate utopia, but at 20.94, it is a catastrophe. That is ridiculous. Vot-ing against this today you are basi-cally arguing that a 0.94 cut is some-thing corporations can’t afford, and that is more important to keep in place than giving American families an $800 child tax credit. That is ridiculous. Apparently, American companies are allowed to immediately invest their in-vestment in equipment and in land, but American parents should not be al-lowed to immediately invest their hard-earned money in our children and in our future. I ask all of you to fight for the American worker. This isn’t perfect, but it is better than what we have now, and I ask everyone for your vote. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Madam President, with this amendment, Senators R
UBIO and L
EEstopped far short of meaningful re-lief for millions of vulnerable Amer-ican families and leave out altogether so many deserving children like the Dreamers. After 2025, Rubio-Lee offers a double standard. Their child tax credit ex-pires, even while multinational cor-porations get permanent tax breaks for shipping jobs overseas. Democrats want to provide strong, permanent pro-tection for all working families, rather than temporary protection for some like Rubio-Lee. The best way to pro-tect these families is not through a puny bandaid approach but through permanent help that America’s strug-gling families richly deserve. Madam President, I make a point of order that the pending amendment vio-lates section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. RUBIO. Madam President, pursu-ant to section 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver pro-visions of applicable budget resolu-tions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of this amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 29, nays 71, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 296 Leg.] YEAS—29 
Blunt Capito Cassidy Collins Cotton Crapo Cruz Donnelly Ernst Fischer Gardner Heitkamp Heller Hoeven Kennedy King Klobuchar Lee Manchin McCaskill Moran Murkowski Nelson Peters Risch Rubio Sasse Stabenow Sullivan 
NAYS—71 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Booker Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Daines Duckworth Durbin Enzi Feinstein Flake Franken Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Hirono Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Lankford Leahy Markey McCain McConnell Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Paul Perdue Portman Reed Roberts Rounds Sanders Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Strange Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
OOZMAN ). On this vote, the yeas are 29, the nays are 71. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. The majority leader is recognized. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Senator M
ENENDEZ be recognized to offer a mo-tion to commit and that there be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote on the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Jersey is rec-ognized. MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New Jersey [Mr. MENENDEZ] moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; and (2) would eliminate the repeal of the State and local tax deduction if State and local spending on investments in Medicaid and other health care, infrastructure, or services for children or seniors, education, or law en-forcement is reduced or taxes on the middle class are increased. 
Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I rise once again to stand up for the good people of New Jersey and other States to offer a motion to restore the State and local tax, or SALT, deduction. Ending the SALT deduction will sub-ject millions of middle-class families to double taxation, but that is not all. It will also set the stage for huge cuts to education, law enforcement, infra-structure, public health, and other critical services. But don’t take my word for it. Listen to the teachers and police officers, the doctors and nurses and firefighters. The National Education Association opposes it because it will hurt our pub-lic schools. The Fraternal Order of Po-lice and the National Sheriffs’ Associa-tion oppose it because it will make our streets less safe. The American Medical Association and the American Hospital Association oppose it because people will lose access to healthcare. The AARP opposes it because it will lead to cuts in Medicare and Medicaid and hurt our seniors. Even the New Jersey Chamber of Commerce opposes it be-cause it will hinder investments in the infrastructure that businesses need in order to compete. My motion to commit would restore the SALT deduction if these all too predictable consequences happen. A corporate tax cut cannot build a road, care for a senior, teach a child, or help keep our streets safe. If corporations can keep the State and local tax deduc-tion, so should middle-class families. We cannot afford to roll the dice and risk these investments in the middle class. I urge the adoption of the motion to commit, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The yeas and nays were ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does any Senator seek time in opposition? The Senator from South Dakota is recognized. Mr. THUNE. Mr. President, let’s keep in mind that the State and local tax, or SALT, deduction disproportionately 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.017 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7704 December 1, 2017 
benefits wealthy taxpayers in high tax States. More than 70 percent of Amer-ican families currently take the stand-ard deduction, so they will not even be impacted at all by this bill’s treatment of SALT. Let’s also keep in mind that our improving amendment strikes a compromise on SALT. It includes, as does the House bill, a deduction of up to $10,000 for property tax paid to State and local governments. Democrats insisting on keeping the entire SALT deduction in place should explain why they have prioritized a tax deduction for wealthy taxpayers over middle-class tax relief. Our bill ad-dresses this issue in an appropriate way, and I urge my colleagues to vote against this motion. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The yeas and nays were previously ordered. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 297 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The motion was rejected. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1852 AND 1846 TO AMENDMENT  
NO. 1618 
Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the following amendments be called up and reported by number: Cruz No. 1852, Kaine No. 1846; further, that following disposition of the Kaine amendment, Senator M
ANCHIN be recognized to offer a mo-tion to commit and that there be 2 minutes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote on the motion. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the amend-ments en bloc by number. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: The Senator from Texas [Mr. C ORNYN ], for others, proposes amendments numbered 1852 and 1846 en bloc to amendment No. 1618. 
The amendments are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1852 (Purpose: To allow limited 529 account funds to be used for elementary and secondary education, including homeschool) At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11033. 529 ACCOUNT FUNDING FOR ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SEC -
ONDARY TUITION .—Any reference in this sub-section to the term ‘qualified higher edu-cation expense’ shall include a reference to— ‘‘(A) expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment or attendance at an elemen-tary or secondary public, private, or reli-gious school, and ‘‘(B) expenses for— ‘‘(i) curriculum and curricular materials, ‘‘(ii) books or other instructional mate-rials, ‘‘(iii) online educational materials, ‘‘(iv) tuition for tutoring or educational classes outside of the home (but only if the tutor or instructor is not related to the stu-dent), ‘‘(v) dual enrollment in an institution of higher education, and ‘‘(vi) educational therapies for students with disabilities, in connection with a homeschool (whether treated as a homeschool or a private school for purposes of applicable State law).’’. (2) L
IMITATION .—Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The amount of cash distributions from all qualified tuition programs described in sub-section (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a bene-ficiary during any taxable year shall, in the aggregate, include not more than $10,000 in expenses described in subsection (c)(7) in-curred during the taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to con-tributions made after December 31, 2017. (c) O
FFSET .— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF RULES RELATING TO  
HARDSHIP WITHDRAWALS FROM CASH OR DE -
FERRED ARRANGEMENTS .—Section 401(k) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP  
WITHDRAWALS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(IV)— ‘‘(A) A
MOUNTS WHICH MAY BE WITHDRAWN .— The following amounts may be distributed upon hardship of the employee: ‘‘(i) Contributions to a profit-sharing or stock bonus plan to which section 402(e)(3) applies. ‘‘(ii) Qualified nonelective contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(C)). ‘‘(iii) Qualified matching contributions de-scribed in paragraph (3)(D)(ii)(I). ‘‘(iv) Earnings on any contributions de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii). ‘‘(B) N
O REQUIREMENT TO TAKE AVAILABLE  
LOAN .—A distribution shall not be treated as failing to be made upon the hardship of an employee solely because the employee does not take any available loan under the plan.″.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(IV) subject to the provisions of para-graph (14), upon hardship of the employee, or″.’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1846 (Purpose: To provide middle class tax relief) Beginning on page 95, strike line 7 and all that follows through page 97, line 14 and in-sert the following: Subtitle B—Permanent Individual Income Tax Relief for Middle Class 
SEC. 12001. AMENDMENT OF INCOME TAX BRACK-ETS. 
(a) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE-
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The table contained in subsection (a) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $19,050 ............... 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400 .......................... $1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $140,000 ......................... $8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000 ......................... $22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000 ......................... $65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $480,050 ......................... $91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $480,050 ................... $119,496.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $480,050. 
(b) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The table con-tained in subsection (b) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $13,600 ............... 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800 .......................... $1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000 .......................... $5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $453,350 ......................... $44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $453,350 ................... $133,020.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $453,350. 
(c) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN S
URVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The table contained in subsection (c) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $426,700 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $426,700 ................... $125,084.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $426,700. 
(d) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  R
ETURNS .—The table contained in subsection (d) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.079 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7705 December 1, 2017 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $240,026 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $240,026 ................... $59,748.60, plus 39.6% of the excess over $240,026. 
(e) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The table con-tained in subsection (e) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150 ............................ $255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,700 .......................... $1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,700 ..................... $3,081.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $12,700. 
(f) I NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 1(f)(2)(A), as amended by this Act, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 12002. CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Who yields time? The Senator from Texas is recog-nized. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1852 
Mr. CRUZ. Mr. President, tonight I ask your support for this commonsense amendment, which will expand the al-ready immensely popular 529 college savings plan so that parents can also save for K–12 elementary and sec-ondary school tuition, including edu-cational expenses for homeschool stu-dents. This change will have real and sig-nificant effects. Your vote will expand options for parents and children spend-ing their own money and will prioritize the education of the next generation of Americans. By expanding 529s, which Americans already value greatly, we will help ensure that each child can re-ceive an education that meets his or her individualized needs, and this rea-sonable expansion will enable hard- working parents to better save for the educational future of their kids. This amendment was in the House bill, and it is fully paid for, and I urge your support. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon is recognized. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, Senator C
RUZ’s amendment expands tax sub-sidies for upper income households to aid private or parochial schools by al-lowing 529 account balances to spend up to $10,000 a year on private or paro-chial school tuition and supplies. Colleagues, this is nothing less than a backdoor assault on the public K–12 education system. The real goal seems to be to take more and more children from the public schools and put them into private schools and shrink the funds that would be available to the public schools that give all of Amer-ica’s children the chance to get ahead. Members should oppose the amend-ment because it undermines America’s public education system. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 50, nays 50, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 298 Leg.] YEAS—50 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—50 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
The VICE PRESIDENT. On this vote, the yeas are 50, the nays are 50. The Senate being equally divided, the Vice President votes in the affirmative, and the amendment, No. 1852, is agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1846 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). There will now be 2 min-utes of debate, equally divided, prior to a vote on Kaine amendment No. 1846. The Senator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, may I ask that amendment No. 1846 be called up? The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is al-ready called up. Mr. KAINE. Thank you, Mr. Presi-dent. It is impossible to fix all the prob-lems with this bill in a 1-minute amendment, but my amendment fixes two problems. It makes the middle- class tax cuts permanent, and it takes nearly $1 trillion away from the mas-sive deficit caused by this big give-away. How does the amendment do these two things? First, it leaves the AMT where it is under current law instead of scaling it back. Second, while making middle-income tax cuts permanent, it provides no individual tax relief to those Americans currently in the top bracket. Third, it cuts the corporate tax rate from 35 to 25, rather than 20. If you care about deficit reduction, support this amendment. If you care about permanent middle-class tax cuts, support this amendment. If you believe a reasonable corporate tax cut could help grow the economy, support the amendment. Finally, if you believe tax reform should be bipartisan, support this amendment. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, taking the time in opposition, first, I want to acknowledge that we share the goal of making the individual tax rates perma-nent, and I hope we will have an oppor-tunity to do that, but, more impor-tantly, I want to thank the Senator from Virginia for acknowledging and complimenting our work, acknowl-edging that we have cut taxes for working-class and middle-income fami-lies. There are people who came down here during the course of the last couple of days suggesting that somehow wasn’t true. I appreciate your honesty in ac-knowledging that we did, in fact, cut taxes for middle-income families, for working-class families, so much so, in fact, that you want to make our policy permanent, and I commend you for that. Unfortunately, you also added a huge tax increase on the very busi-nesses that are going to help drive our growth. By lowering our rate to 20 percent, which is what we do in our bill and which you would undermine, we would lose the opportunity to create new businesses, existing business growth, and the wage and job growth we want to drive. I would suggest we work together on making our individual tax cuts perma-nent in the future, but I would urge my colleague to oppose this amendment in the current form. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, do I have any remaining time? Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that he be given a minute. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I don’t need a full minute. I am just here to say that permanent middle-class tax cuts is more important than 25 to 20 percent for corporations. The problem with the Republican bill is the priority. It prioritizes the cor-porate tax cuts over individual tax cuts for middle-class people and that is why we oppose it and that is why everyone should support this amendment. People come first. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.032 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7706 December 1, 2017 
Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, the pending amendment No. 1846 offered by Senator K
AINE has unknown budgetary effects. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this measure pursuant to section 4105 of H. Con. Res. 71, the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Virginia. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, I am shocked to learn that at 10 after 12 we are actually following a procedure that is a normal budget procedure, but since that has been raised, pursuant to sec-tion 904 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiver provisions of applicable budget resolutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the pending amend-ment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 34, nays 65, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 299 Leg.] YEAS—34 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Hassan Heinrich Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murray Nelson Peters Schatz Shaheen Stabenow Udall Van Hollen Warner Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—65 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Booker Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hatch Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Markey McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Murphy Paul Perdue Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schumer Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Warren Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
Heitkamp 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 34, the nays 65. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. The majority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that following the disposition of the motion to com-mit, the Cantwell amendment No. 1717 be called up and reported by number. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. 
MOTION TO COMMIT  
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I have a motion to commit at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from West Virginia [Mr. MANCHIN] moves to commit the bill H.R. 1 to the Committee on Finance with instruc-tions to report the same back to the Senate in 3 days, not counting any day on which the Senate is not in session, with changes that— (1) are within the jurisdiction of such com-mittee; (2) make the reductions to individual tax rates for middle class and working people permanent; (3) would maintain at existing levels— (A) the medical expense deduction; (B) the student loan interest deduction; (C) retirement savings incentives; (D) homeownership incentives; and (E) the historic tax credit; (4) provide small businesses with perma-nent maximum tax relief; and (5) fully offset the changes described in paragraphs (2) through (4) by setting the cor-porate tax rate at 25 percent. 
Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, I want to thank Senator H
EITKAMP for her support of this motion. Our motion would simply send this legislation back to the Senate Finance Committee with instructions to change provisions important to West Vir-ginians. First, it would call for the reductions on individual tax rates for middle-class and working people to be made perma-nent. Currently, individuals receive temporary relief, while corporate changes are made permanent—a gim-mick that provides uncertainty for West Virginia taxpayers and North Da-kotans. Next, it directs the committee to maintain important priorities, such as the medical expense deduction, student loan interest deduction, retirement savings incentives, homeownership in-centives, and the historic tax credit. It is important that we provide this permanent relief to American tax-payers who are slated to see higher taxes as rates go up in the later years of this bill. In my State alone, 79 per-cent of West Virginians make under $75,000 and will see their taxes spike as their tax relief expires. Finally, the amendment calls for small businesses to receive much need-ed relief and for the corporate tax rate to be set at 25 percent. In my State, 95.6 percent of businesses are small businesses and employ over 50 percent of West Virginians. I urge my colleagues to support send-ing this bill back to committee and to work in a bipartisan way to pass a fis-cally responsible tax reform bill that positions this country to thrive for fu-ture generations. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Texas. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, what our friend from West Virginia is pro-posing is to make the United States uncompetitive in a global economy. Right now, we have the highest tax rate in the industrialized world, and what we are doing is lowering that tax rate to make us competitive and in so doing, taking the advice of Barack Obama in his 2011 State of the Union message; advice from the Democratic leader, Senator SCHUMER ; and Senator W
YDEN , the ranking member of the Fi-nance Committee, who has rec-ommended a lower rate than that con-tained in this motion to recommit. We think we should take the advice of President Obama, President Clinton, Senator W
YDEN , Minority Leader S CHU-
MER, and other prominent Democrats— the advice they have given us over the last few years to lower these corporate rates and make us more competitive so we can bring jobs back home, improve wages, and get the economy growing again so people can pursue their Amer-ican dreams. I would encourage our colleagues to defeat this motion to commit. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from West Virginia. Mr. MANCHIN. If I could just say— The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no time remaining. Mr. MANCHIN. I ask unanimous con-sent for an additional 30 seconds. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. MANCHIN. Mr. President, a 33- percent decrease from 35 percent to 25 percent is quite substantial. I have not had a corporation yet, if you have spo-ken to any of them, that wouldn’t be tickled to death with 25 percent. That basically sustains that we can help more people. I think it would be great for the economy of the United States of America, and I ask everyone to con-sider that. It is a most reasonable re-quest. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the Manchin motion to commit. Mr. LEAHY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITE-
HOUSE ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Are there any other Senators in the Chamber de-siring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 38, nays 61, as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.082 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7707 December 1, 2017 
[Rollcall Vote No. 300 Leg.] YEAS—38 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Donnelly Duckworth Feinstein Franken Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Wyden 
NAYS—61 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Booker Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Durbin Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hatch Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Markey McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Warren Wicker Young 
NOT VOTING—1 
Whitehouse 
The motion was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1717 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1618 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the Cantwell amend-ment by number. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Washington [Ms. C ANT-
WELL ] proposes an amendment numbered 1717 to amendment No. 1618. 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To strike title II) Strike title II. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will be 2 minutes of debate, equally di-vided. The Senator from Washington. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, my amendment strikes the title requiring oil development in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. This refuge is the larg-est refuge in our Nation and the last pristine ecosystem for the Arctic in North America. Requiring oil development in the heart of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge should not be in this bill. Although the bill text has been changed to address Byrd Rule viola-tions, the Congressional Budget Office continues to estimate that it will raise less than $1 billion over 10 years. Opening the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil drilling doesn’t even meet the $1 billion reconciliation instruc-tion. It certainly doesn’t represent a seri-ous offset to huge deficits in the Re-publican bill. To put this in perspective, this rep-resents less than seven one-hundredths of 1 percent of the $1.5-trillion-dollar increase in the national debt that the Republican tax policies will cause. Drilling in the Arctic has nothing to do with serious budgetary policy, but it has everything to do with evading reg-ular order to pass something that could never be enacted on its own. In addition to drilling in the Arctic refuge, this bill would sell 7 million barrels of oil from our Nation’s stra-tegic petroleum reserve. A portion of that sale is necessary simply to meet the committee’s rec-onciliation instructions. The sale of oil from the reserve would also provide for a $300 million windfall to four States: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Ala-bama. So this bill is selling off oil from our strategic petroleum reserve in order to pay for oil drilling in the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. It doesn’t make any sense. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is one of the crown jewels of the na-tional wildlife refuge system. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, which manages the refuge, describes it as ‘‘the only conservation system unit that protects, in an undisturbed condi-tion, a complete spectrum of the arctic ecosystems in North America.’’ It is home to an incredible diversity of wildlife: 47 different species of mam-mals, including polar bears, grizzly bears, wolves, Dall’s sheep, moose, musk-ox, and the Porcupine caribou herd. The refuge provides important habi-tat for over 40 species of fish and more than 200 species of migratory birds whose lives depend on the Arctic ref-uge. The refuge was first established by the Eisenhower administration. Con-gress later protected this amazing Arc-tic ecosystem in 1980. It did so specifi-cally to protect wildlife and wildlife habitat in its natural diversity. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is known as the Last Great Wilderness and is truly one of our last great wild places. But the provisions of this bill turn the purpose of the Arctic refuge on its head. It would make oil and gas develop-ment on the refuge’s coastal plain one of the statutory purposes of the wild-life refuge. Under this bill, our Nation’s most pristine national wildlife refuge will become the only refuge where oil and gas development is required by law. It opens up the entire 1.5-million-acre coastal plain for oil and gas explo-ration and requires leasing of at least 800,000 acres. It requires leasing of areas with the highest oil and gas potential, no mat-ter the consequences for wildlife or the environment. The bill requires that the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge be managed as a petroleum reserve, which is unprece-dented and undercuts managing the refuge for wildlife. The bill includes no clear require-ments to comply with environmental laws or to protect wildlife. Its spon-sors, however, say they are not pre-empting environmental laws, and that, in fact, laws like the National Environ-mental Policy Act will ‘‘fully apply.’’ Given the assurances that environ-mental and wildlife refuge laws will continue to apply, I do not understand why their bill adds oil development as a purpose of the Arctic National Wild-life Refuge. Adding oil development as a purpose of the refuge seems contrary to its pri-mary purpose, which is to protect wild-life. What a no-brainer: The purpose of a wildlife refuge is to protect wildlife. Refuges must be managed that way. At every other national wildlife ref-uge in the country, development within the refuge is only permitted to the ex-tent it is compatible with the primary purpose of the refuge: protecting wild-life. But because the bill makes oil and gas development a refuge purpose, oil drilling in the refuge will no longer be subject to a meaningful ‘‘compatibility determination.’’ This bill essentially waives one of the most important management protec-tions that applies to every other na-tional wildlife refuge. They have to do this because they know that oil and gas isn’t compatible with protecting wildlife—it is just the opposite. This bill does not provide energy se-curity. There is no prohibition in the bill against exporting oil from the Arc-tic refuge. In all likelihood, much of this oil will end up being exported. The Republican majority agreed to include only one amendment during the Energy Committee’s consideration of this issue, and that amendment re-quired the sale of 5 million barrels of oil from the strategic petroleum re-serve to give $300 million to the States of Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. The bill has now been amended to re-quire the sale of 7 million barrels from our strategic petroleum reserve. So at the same time as we are being told we need to ruin a pristine national wildlife refuge to drill for more oil, the very same bill is selling off millions of barrels out of our strategic oil reserve, which was used most recently during this hurricane season to protect Ameri-cans from gas price spikes. The impact of oil and gas exploration in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and the danger to its wildlife cannot be overstated. The importance of the ref-uge for wildlife such as polar bears and caribou have been documented in let-ters I have received from biologists and other scientists who have worked in the Arctic. I ask unanimous consent that the letters be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
THEJANEGOODALL INSTITUTE , November 14, 2017. D
EAR UNITED STATES SENATOR : It seems that each day brings ever more dire news about what we humans are doing to harm 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.087 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7708 December 1, 2017 
our planet, the animals that share it with us and, by doing so, harming ourselves also. You have an important opportunity to make a difference both now, and for future genera-tions, by voting to oppose oil development in one of the world’s most spectacular wilder-ness areas—the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge. This Refuge is a truly wonderful place— nearly 20 million acres of pristine and eco-logically significant habitat. There is com-pelling scientific evidence as to why it is truly important to protect this place. For one thing, it provides key breeding habitat for the millions-upon-millions of birds that migrate there from six of our planet’s seven continents. It is also a calving ground for the 200,000–strong Porcupine caribou herd. And it is one of the most important denning habi-tats on earth for polar bears. Moreover it plays a significant role in helping to protect us from the onslaught of climate change. But the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is more than that. Its very wildness speaks to our deeply rooted spiritual connection to na-ture, a necessary element of the human psy-che. The Gwich’in people understand this and call the area ‘‘The Sacred Place Where Life Begins’’. If we violate the Arctic Refuge by extract-ing the oil beneath the land, this will have devastating impact for the Gwich’in people for they depend upon the caribou herds to sustain their traditional way of life. Around the globe so many indigenous people have been harmed in the name of ‘progress’—let us not add one more tragedy to the list. We have other sources of energy. And so I beg you: Please use your voice and your vote as a U.S. Senator to protect the Gwich’in people and the American treasure that is the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. America has helped lead the world in the conservation of wildlife and your voice has been so meaningful in this regard, your ex-ample so powerful. Please take this oppor-tunity to demonstrate your commitment to the natural world and to future generations and stand with me to protect the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge. Please vote against oil development in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. Sincerely, J
ANEGOODALL , DBE, Ph.D., Founder—the Jane Goodall Institute , & UN Messenger of Peace. 
NOVEMBER 26, 2017. Hon. M
ARIA CANTWELL , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. D
EARSENATOR CANTWELL : Research across North America including Alaska has re-vealed much about how we can monitor and mitigate the effects of industrial activities on migratory tundra caribou. We have learnt that, although the Prudhoe Bay oilfield dis-placed calving and post-calving caribou of the Central Arctic herd, the effects were off-set by reduced hunting. Consequently the herd increased but between 2010 and 2016 the herd is declining at the rate of halving every 4 years. We have also learnt that industrial activities including roads can displace car-ibou by larger distances than previously re-alized. Caribou across North America are part of a global decline. The Porcupine herd is the only herd of migratory tundra caribou in North America that is not currently declin-ing. It has the diversity of ranges and habi-tats that allow the caribou to respond to the changing climate by choosing the best habi-tats for their survival. This is true for calving as the PCH calves in the 1002 area and the western Canadian coastal plain de-pending on weather. The coastal plains are so narrow that even a small footprint for oil and gas activities may be too much for the caribou already trying to adapt to a chang-ing climate. The Porcupine herd is jointly managed be-tween the Alaska Department of Fish and Game (ADFG), the US Fish and Wildlife Service (USFWS), and the Yukon, NWT and Canadian governments. Collaboration on monitoring and research has been coordi-nated by the Porcupine Caribou Technical Committee, a group recognized in the Inter-national Porcupine Caribou Agreement signed by Canada and the US in 1987. The question is not just what would devel-opment in 1002 lands mean to caribou but it is what it means to the people in USA and Canada who depend on the caribou. Faced with uncertainty about the caribou, the cau-tionary approach is to do no harm until we have a better understanding. The oil and gas is secure in the ground; the caribou and the people are not. ANNEGUNN, Retired GNWT biolo-gist, CircumArctic Rangifer Monitoring and Assessment (CARMA) Network. D
ONRUSSELL , Retired Canadian Wildlife Service Biol-ogist, Past Co-Chair International Porcu-pine Caribou Board, CircumArctic Rangifer Monitoring and Assessment (CARMA) Network. 
POLAR BEARS INTERNATIONAL , November 28, 2017. Hon. M
ARIA CANTWELL , Ranking Member, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, U.S. Senate, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR SENATOR CANTWELL : I’ve studied polar bears for 37 years—solving many of the mysteries about their life cycle. I led polar bear research in Alaska for 30 years, and my research team at the USGS provided the in-formation that led Interior Secretary Kemp-thorne to list polar bears as a threatened species. I am currently the chief scientist at Polar Bears International. I am reaching out today because I’m con-cerned about the likely impacts on Alaska’s polar bears should the Arctic National Wild-life Refuge be opened to oil and gas develop-ment. The ANWR coastal plain is vitally impor-tant to polar bears. Pregnant female polar bears head to this area every fall to create snow dens where they give birth to their young. In fact, the region has higher con-centrations of polar bear maternal denning habitat than other coastal areas on Alaska’s North Slope. In recent years, the ANWR has become even more important as a polar bear denning site because the deterioration of his-torically stable sea ice in the Beaufort Sea has forced more polar bears to den onshore, rather than risk giving birth on unstable ice. In addition to the ANWR’s importance as a critical denning area for polar bears, the re-gion faces profound impacts from climate change unless we transition away from fossil fuels. Warmer temperatures mean less sea ice habitat, which polar bears rely on to catch their seal prey. In addition, encour-aging more fossil fuel usage, as opening the ANWR would do, will only add to ongoing global warming. If we continue to follow a ‘‘business as usual’’ reliance on fossil fuels, average an-nual temperatures in Alaska’s Arctic are projected to be more than 10 degrees Celsius (18 degrees Fahrenheit) higher, at century’s end, than they are now. Such high tempera-tures would assure ice-free summers in the Arctic, with devastating impacts on polar bears and other Arctic wildlife. And, of course, ramifications reach the rest of life on Earth—including humans. With ‘‘on the ground’’ drilling activities posing a threat to polar bear denning sites, and prolonged reliance on fossil fuels con-tinuing to melt the sea ice polar bears need to catch their prey, oil and gas development in the ANWR would serve a double whammy. Opening the ANWR to drilling, therefore, is a path we should avoid—for the sake of polar bears, our children, and our grandchildren. Respectfully, STEVEN C. A MSTRUP , Chief Scientist, Polar Bears International. 
NOVEMBER 9, 2017. Hon. L
ISAMURKOWSKI , Chair. Hon. M
ARIA CANTWELL , Ranking Member Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS MURKOWSKI AND CANT-
WELL : As scientists who have either con-ducted research in Arctic Alaska or traveled in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, we are writing to highlight for you the funda-mental importance of fully protecting its 1.5–million acre coastal plain. Based on our experience in the Arctic, we oppose oil explo-ration, development and production in the Arctic Refuge. Such activity would be in-compatible with the purposes for which the refuge was established, including ‘‘to con-serve fish and wildlife populations and habi-tats in their natural diversity.’’ When the original Arctic National Wildlife Range was established in 1960 by the Eisen-hower Administration, it was done with the foresight and wisdom to protect an entire ecosystem, both south and north of the Brooks Range, including the rich coastal plain. Decades of biological study and sci-entific research within the Arctic Refuge have confirmed that the coastal plain spe-cifically is vital to the biological diversity of the entire refuge. Within the narrow (15–40 miles) coastal plain, there is a unique com-pression of habitats which concentrates a wide array of wildlife native to the Arctic, including polar bears, grizzly bears, wolves, wolverines, caribou, musk oxen, Dolly Varden char, Arctic grayling, and many spe-cies of migratory birds. In fact, according to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Arctic Refuge coastal plain contains the greatest wildlife diversity of any protected area above the Arctic Circle. In 2003, the National Research Council (NRC) published a report on the ‘‘Cumulative Environmental Effects of Oil and Gas Activi-ties on Alaska’s North Slope.’’ Led by Dr. Gordon Orians, University of Washington, this report was prepared by a panel of promi-nent scientists following an extensive review of the literature and consultations with ex-perts. It remains the best, most comprehen-sive synthesis of the effects of oil develop-ment on wildlife and the landscape of Arctic Alaska. Among the report’s ‘‘major findings’’ (Chapter 11) are the following: Three-dimensional seismic surveys require a high spatial density of trails. ‘‘Seismic ex-ploration can damage vegetation and cause erosion, especially along stream banks.’’ The effects of roads, pads, pipelines, and other infrastructure extend far beyond the physical footprint itself, and the distances at which impacts occur vary with the environ-mental component affected. ‘‘Effects on hy-drology, vegetation, and animal populations occur at distances up to several kilometers . . .’’ ‘‘Roads have had effects as far-reaching and complex as any physical component of the North Slope oil fields.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:42 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.107 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7709 December 1, 2017 
Denning polar bears are among the ani-mals that ‘‘have been affected by industrial activities on the North Slope.’’ Readily available food supplies in the oil fields attract higher-than-normal densities of predators, which then prey on birds and their eggs and young. The reproductive suc-cess rate of some bird species in the devel-oped parts of oil fields ‘‘has been reduced to the extent that it is insufficient to balance mortality.’’ The spread of industrial activity, espe-cially to the east where the coastal plain is narrower than elsewhere [i.e., the Arctic Ref-uge], ‘‘would likely result in reductions in reproductive success’’ for caribou. Although oilfield technologies continue to improve, the NRC’s findings are still of con-cern today. Indeed, proposals that would limit the ‘‘footprint’’ of oil development to 2,000 acres on the coastal plain within the Arctic Refuge are of little value, since those acres may be spread over much of the coastal plain. This would be especially true if oil re-serves are scattered in multiple pockets across the refuge, as is suggested by the U.S. Geological Survey (Fact Sheet 0028–01). Since the effects of industrial activities, starting with seismic surveys, are not lim-ited to the footprint of a structure or to its immediate vicinity, it is highly likely that such activities would result in significant impacts on a variety of wildlife in the ref-uge’s narrow coastal plain. Development of yet another oilfield would further set back efforts to limit the carbon emissions that are fueling the dramatic changes in climate now affecting Alaska. Polar bears—listed as ‘‘threatened’’ under the Endangered Species Act—are already struggling with deteriorating sea ice and in-creasingly are forced to den on land on the eastern Beaufort Sea coast, including the coastal plain of the Arctic Refuge. In fact, three-fourths of the refuge coastal plain is designated as critical habitat for polar bears, which are highly vulnerable to disturbance due to oil and gas activities. The NRC report and subsequent work done in Arctic Alaska strongly indicate that the cumulative impact of many seemingly small changes is significant. New development on the coastal plain of the Arctic Refuge, one of the nation’s and planet’s premier protected areas, will only contribute to these harmful impacts on wildlife. For all these reasons, we oppose oil and gas exploration, development and production on the coastal plain of the Arctic Refuge. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, R. Terry Bowyer, Ph.D., Professor Emer-itus, Wildlife Ecology University of Alaska Fairbanks, Fairbanks, Alaska; Jim Dau, M.Sc., Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Kotzebue, Alaska; Mike Boylan, M.Sc., National Wildlife Ref-uges Association, Anchorage, Alaska; Anthony R. DeGange, M.Sc., U.S. Geo-logical Survey (retired), Anchorage, Alaska; Jedediah Brodie, Ph.D., Craighead Chair, Wildlife Conserva-tion, University of Montana, Missoula, Montana; Jeff Fair, M.Sc., Fairwinds Wildlife Services, Palmer, Alaska. Stephen Brown, Ph.D., Shorebird Biolo-gist, Saxtons River, Vermont; Kathy Frost, M.Sc., Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Kailua Kona, Hawaii; F. Stuart Chapin III, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus, Ecology, University of Alas-ka Fairbanks, Fairbanks, Alaska; H. River Gates, M.Sc., Shorebird Biolo-gist, Anchorage, Alaska; Dave Cline, M.Sc., National Audubon Society (re-tired), U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (re-tired), North Bend, Washington; Mary E. Hogan, M.Sc., U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (retired), Anchorage, Alaska; David R. Klein, Ph.D., Professor Emer-itus, Wildlife Management, University of Alaska Fairbanks, Fairbanks, Alas-ka. John Coady, Ph.D., Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Fairbanks, Alaska; Jack Lentfer, M.Sc., U.S. Marine Mam-mal Commission (retired), Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Gusta-vus, Alaska; Peter G. Connors, Ph.D., Bodega Marine Lab (retired), Univer-sity of California—Davis, Bodega Bay, California; Joe Liebezeit, M.Sc., Audu-bon Society of Portland, Portland, Or-egon; Joseph Cook, Ph.D., Professor of Biology, University of New Mexico, Al-buquerque, New Mexico; Lloyd Lowery, M.Sc., Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Kailua Kona, Hawaii. Rosa H. Meehan, Ph.D., U.S. Fish & Wild-life Service (retired), Anchorage, Alas-ka; Stanley Senner, M.Sc., National Audubon Society, Missoula, Montana; Sterling Miller, Ph.D., Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), National Wild-life Federation (retired), Missoula, Montana; David W. Shaw, M.Sc., Biolo-gist-guide, Fairbanks, Alaska; Russell M. Oates, M.Sc., Former Refuge Biolo-gist, Arctic NWR, U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (retired), Burnsville, North Carolina; E. LaVerne Smith, M.Sc., U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service (retired), Anchorage, Alaska. Gordon Orians, Ph.D., Professor Emer-itus, Biology, University of Wash-ington, Seattle, Washington; Dan Tay-lor, M.Sc., Audubon California (re-tired), Sacramento, California; Martha Raynolds, Ph.D., Arctic Plant Ecolo-gist, Fairbanks, Alaska; Nils Warnock, Ph.D., Audubon Alaska, Anchorage, Alaska. Martin Robards, Ph.D., Arctic Beringia Program, Wildlife Conservation Soci-ety, Fairbanks, Alaska; Robert G. White, Ph.D., Professor Emeritus, Zoophysiology, University of Alaska Fairbanks, Fairbanks, Alaska; George Schaller, Ph.D., Wildlife Conservation Society, West Lebanon, New Hamp-shire; Kenneth R. Whitten, M.Sc., Alas-ka Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Fairbanks, Alaska. Scott Schliebe, Ph.D., U.S. Fish & Wild-life Service (retired), Anchorage, Alas-ka; John W. Schoen, Ph.D., Alaska Dept. of Fish & Game (retired), Audu-bon Alaska (retired), Anchorage, Alas-ka; Nathan Senner, Ph.D., University of Montana, Missoula, Montana; Steve Zack, Ph.D., Wildlife Conservation So-ciety (retired) Portland, Oregon. 
Ms. CANTWELL. The Arctic Refuge’s coastal plain and nearby waters are designated as critical habitat for polar bears, which were designated as a threatened species under the Endan-gered Species Act in 2008. Female polar bears head to this area every fall to create snow dens where they give birth to their young. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is also famously known as the summer calving grounds for the Porcupine car-ibou herd. The herd’s range extends into Canada. A treaty between our countries protects the herd and its habitat. The almost 200,000-member herd has an annual migration of hundreds of miles—and in some cases thousands of miles—wintering south of the refuge. These caribou are an important food source for many Alaska Natives, but in particular the Gwich’in people, who live south of the refuge. Wildlife biolo-gists argue that the risk to the caribou herd—and those who rely on this herd— could be quite significant. Do you know what Webster’s defini-tion of stewardship is? The careful and responsible management of something entrusted to one’s care. Since 1960, under President Eisenhower, this iconic refuge has been protected. To-night, unless you help strike this, you will be joining the ranks of those that believe in polluting a wildlife refuge, and you will be joining an administra-tion that I guarantee you is going to go down in history as getting an F in stewardship. The Arctic National Wildlife Refuge is too special and important; it is one of the crown jewels of the National Wildlife Refuge System. We should not destroy this pristine landscape and allow it to be turned into an oil field. I want to remind my colleagues of the words of the great environmental steward Olaus Murie. After decades of scientific explo-ration in Alaska, Olaus testified in the Senate in 1959 in support of creating the Arctic refuge. He said, ‘‘We long for something more, something that has a mental, a spiritual impact on us. This idealism, more than anything else, will set us apart as a nation striving for some-thing worthwhile in the universe.’’ What is setting us apart today, col-leagues, is just the opposite. We are striving for short-term gains. In a hundred years, when the eco-nomic effects of this tax bill are long forgotten, we will still bear the blame for letting go of ‘‘something worth-while in the universe.’’ We didn’t create the Arctic coastal plain, and we cannot recreate, but we can surely destroy it. I urge my colleagues to oppose sacri-ficing the Arctic National Wildlife Ref-uge, and to support removing this pro-vision from the bill. I yield the floor. Mr. SANDERS. Mr. President, I would like to enter into the CONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD the scores produced by the Congressional Budget Office for section 20001 as it appears in Senate amendment 1618; and the score of sec-tion 20001 as it appears in Senate amendment 1855. In Senate amendment 1618, CBO esti-mates that opening the coastal plain for oil and gas leasing and managing ‘‘it in accordance with requirements of the Naval Petroleum Reserves Produc-tion Act of 1976 (including regula-tions)’’ will result in net Federal re-ceipts of $1092 million from 2018 through 2027. In Senate amendment 1855, CBO esti-mates that managing lease sales ‘‘in a manner similar to the administration of leases under the Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 (in-cluding regulations)’’ will result in net 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.109 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7710 December 1, 2017 
Federal receipts of $910 million from 2018 through 2027, a decrease of $182 million compared to the language in Senate amendment 1618. I ask unanimous consent that the fol-lowing CBO tables be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , U.S. C
ONGRESS , Washington, DC, November 8, 2017. H
ON. LISAMURKOWSKI , Chairman, Committee on Energy, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. D
EARMADAM CHAIRMAN : The Congressional Budget Office has prepared the enclosed cost estimate for a Legislative Proposal Related to the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge. If you wish further details on this esti-mate, we will be pleased to provide them. The CBO staff contact is Jeff LaFave. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. Enclosure. A L
EGISLATIVE PROPOSAL RELATED TO THE  A
RCTIC NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE  As posted on the website of the Senate Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources (FLO17783) on November 8, 2017 
SUMMARY  The legislation would direct the Secretary of the Interior to implement an oil and gas leasing program for the coastal plain of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge (ANWR). Based on information provided by the De-partment of the Interior (DOI), the Energy Information Administration (EIA), and indi-viduals working in the oil and gas industry, CBO estimates that implementing the legis-lation would increase net offsetting receipts, which are treated as reductions in direct spending, by about $1.1 billion over the 2018– 2027 period. Because enacting the legislation would af-fect direct spending pay-as-you-go proce-dures apply. Enacting the legislation would not affect revenues. CBO estimates that enacting legislation would not increase net direct spending or on- budget deficits in any of the four consecutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. The legislation contains no intergovern-mental or private-sector mandates as defined in the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act (UMRA). 
ESTIMATED COST TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT  The estimated budgetary impact of the leg-islation is shown in the following table. The costs of this legislation fall within budget functions 300 (natural resources and environ-ment) and 800 (general government). 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2018– 2022 2018– 2027 
DECREASES IN DIRECT SPENDINGa Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ................................................... 0 0 0 0 ¥725 * * ¥366 ¥1 ¥1 ¥725 ¥1,092 Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ......................................................... 0 0 0 0 ¥725 * * ¥366 ¥1 ¥1 ¥725 ¥1,092 
Components may not sum to totals because of rounding; * = between ¥$500,000 and zero. 
aCBO estimates that implementing the legislation also would cost about $10 million over the 2018–2022 period, assuming the avail ability of appropriated funds, for environmental reviews and the administrative costs of conducting the lease sales. 
BASIS OF ESTIMATE  For this estimate, CBO assumes that the legislation will be enacted near the end of 2017 and that the funds necessary to imple-ment the legislation would be available. Description of the Legislation The legislation would direct the Secretary of the Interior to implement an oil and gas leasing program for lands located within the coastal plain of ANWR, which includes about 1.5 million acres of federal land on the north-east coast of Alaska. Under current law, ac-tivities related to oil and gas leasing in ANWR are prohibited. The legislation would require the Sec-retary to hold two lease sales over a seven- year period following enactment and to offer at least 400,000 acres of land in ANWR for lease at each sale. Any lease sales in ANWR would be carried out in accordance with pro-cedures used to conduct oil and gas leasing within the National Petroleum Reserve in Alaska. For each lease awarded, lessees would pay the federal government bonus bids to acquire the leases, annual rent to retain the leases, and royalties based on the value of any oil or gas production from the leases. The legislation would establish a 16.67 per-cent royalty on oil and gas produced in ANWR. (Under current law, the federal gov-ernment charges royalties of 12.5 percent for oil and gas produced onshore and 18.75 per-cent for oil and gas produced in the Outer Continental Shelf.) Finally, under the legis-lation, Alaska would receive one-half of the gross proceeds generated from the leasing program. Spending Subject to Appropriation CBO estimates that implementing the leg-islation would cost $10 million over the 2018.2022 period for environmental reviews and administrative costs associated with the leasing program subject to the availability of appropriated funds. Based on information provided by the Government Accountability Office, we estimate that completing the en-vironmental reviews required under the Na-tional Environmental Policy Act would cost $2 million. In addition, CBO estimates that other implementation costs would total be-tween $1 million and $2 million per year over that period. Direct Spending CBO estimates that implementing the leg-islation would increase net offsetting re-ceipts by about $1.1 billion over the 2018–2027 period. Bonus Bids. CBO estimates that gross pro-ceeds from bonus bids paid for the right to develop leases in ANWR would total $2.2 bil-lion over the 2018–2027 period. That estimate is based on historical information about oil and gas leasing in the United States and on information from DOI, EIA, and individuals working in the oil and gas industry about factors that affect the amounts that compa-nies are willing to pay to acquire oil and gas leases. In addition, CBO relied on estimates prepared by the United States Geological Survey of the amount of oil that might be produced from the coastal plain of ANWR. As specified in the legislation, one-half of all re-ceipts from leases in ANWR would be paid to Alaska, leaving net federal receipts totaling $1.1 billion over the 2018–2027 period. Estimates of bonus bids for leases in ANWR are uncertain. Potential bidders might make assumptions that are different from CBO’s, including assumptions about long-term oil prices, production costs, the amount of oil and gas resources in ANWR, and alternative investment opportunities. In particular, oil companies have other domes-tic and overseas investment options that they would evaluate and compare with po-tential investments in ANWR. The potential profitability for a wide range of such global investment options would probably be a sig-nificant factor in prospective bidders’ ulti-mate choices of how much to bid for ANWR leases. The number of factors that affect companies’ investment decisions result in a wide range of estimates for bonus bids. CBO’s estimate reflects our best estimate of the midpoint of that range. Other Receipts. In addition to receipts from bonus bids, CBO estimates that the fed-eral government would collect net receipts from rental payments totaling about $2 mil-lion over the 2022–2027 period. (Lease holders make an annual rental payment until pro-duction begins.) CBO also estimates that the federal government would receive royalty payments on oil produced from ANWR leases; however, based on information from EIA regarding the typical amount of time necessary to drill exploratory wells, com-plete production plans, and build the nec-essary infrastructure to produce and trans-port any oil produced in ANWR, CBO expects that no significant royalty payments would be made until after 2027. 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO CONSIDERATIONS  The Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 establishes budget-reporting and enforce-ment procedures for legislation affecting di-rect spending or revenues. The net changes in outlays that are subject to those pay-as- you-go procedures are shown in the following table. 
CBO ESTIMATE OF PAY-AS-YOU-GO EFFECTS FOR THE LEGISLATIVE PROPOSAL RELATED TO THE ARCTIC NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2018– 2022 2018– 2027 
Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Impact ................................................................................................. ........................................................... 0 0 0 0 ¥725 0 0 ¥366 ¥1 ¥1 ¥725 ¥1,092 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.092 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7711 December 1, 2017 
MANDATES  The legislation contains no intergovern-mental or private-sector mandates as defined in UMRA, The legislation would benefit the State of Alaska by increasing the generation of roy-alties from oil and gas production on public lands in ANWR. Portions of the royalties would be shared with the state under for-mulas specified by the legislation and under federal laws governing oil and gas produc-tion. Over the 2018–2027 period, CBO esti-mates that Alaska would receive a total of about $1.1 billion in royalties. 
INCREASE IN LONG -TERM DIRECT SPENDING AND  
DEFICITS  CBO estimates that enacting the legisla-tion would not increase net direct spending or on-budget deficits in any of the four con-secutive 10-year periods beginning in 2028. ESTIMATE PREPARED BY  Federal Costs: Jeff LaFave; Mandates: Zachary Bynum. 
ESTIMATE APPROVED BY  H. Samuel Papenfuss, Deputy Assistant Di-rector for Budget Analysis. 
PRELIMINARY ESTIMATE OF DIRECT SPENDING EFFECTS OF TITLE II OF RECONCILIATION RECOMMENDATIONS AS PROVIDED BY THE SENATE COMMITT EE ON THE BUDGET ON NOVEMBER 30, 2017 (MCG17C35) 
By fiscal year, in millions of dollars— 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 2018– 2022 2018– 2027 
ESTIMATED INCREASES FOR DECREASES ( ¥) IN DIRECT SPENDING Sec. 20001—Oil and Gas Program Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 0 0 0 ¥605 * * ¥304 * * ¥605 ¥910 Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ............................................ 0 0 0 0 ¥605 * * ¥304 * * ¥605 ¥910 Sec. 20002—Limitation on Amount Distributed Qualified Outer Continental Shelf Revenue Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 0 0 150 150 0 0 0 0 0 300 300 Estimated Outlays .............................................................................................................. ............................................ 0 0 0 150 150 0 0 0 0 0 300 300 Sec. 20003—Strategic Petroleum Reserve Drawdown & Sale Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ¥235 ¥240 0 ¥475 Estimated Budget Authority ..................................................................................................... ...................................... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ¥235 ¥240 0 ¥475 Total Estimated Budget Authority ............................................................................................... .......................... 0 0 0 150 ¥455 * * ¥304 ¥235 ¥240 ¥305 ¥1085 Total Estimated Outlays ........................................................................................................ ................................ 0 0 0 150 ¥455 * * ¥304 ¥235 ¥240 ¥305 ¥1085 
Notes: Components may not sum to totals because of rounding: * = between ¥$500,000 and zero. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The Senator from Alaska. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I strongly oppose this motion to strike. This is our opportunity to provide jobs, to create revenues and resources, and to protect an environment that as Alaskans we know how to protect. We are seeking with this energy title to develop 2,000 acres out of 19.3 million acres, one ten-thousandths of all of ANWR, and we are seeking to do it with a smaller, limited footprint, using the technologies that have become available over the decades that we have been seeking to advance these opportu-nities—opportunities for Alaska, op-portunities for the Nation. I would implore colleagues. For 40 years now we have been looking for the opportunity to best protect our long- term energy and national security. This is our chance. The pending amendment No. 1717 would cause the underlying legislation to exceed the Energy and Natural Re-sources Committee’s section 302(a) al-location of new budget authority or outlays. Therefore, I raise a point of order against this measure pursuant to section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. Ms. CANTWELL. Mr. President, pur-suant to section 904 of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974 and the waiv-er provisions of applicable budget reso-lutions, I move to waive all applicable sections of that act and applicable budget resolutions for purposes of the pending amendment, and I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 48, nays 52, as follows: [Rollcall Vote No. 301 Leg.] YEAS—48 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—52 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee Manchin McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 48, the nays are 52. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn not having voted in the affirmative, the motion is rejected. The point of order is sustained and the amendment falls. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oregon. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1856 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1618 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1856. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Oregon [Mr. M ERKLEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 1856 to amendment No. 1618. On page 289, strike lines 17 through 19 
Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, this amendment strikes a tax earmark that singles out one college in America from the university endowment tax set forth in the underlying bill. To be sure, I don’t like the endow-ment tax in this bill. It diminishes the ability of colleges to provide scholar-ships to financially challenged stu-dents. But if the majority is intent on having an endowment tax, then no col-lege should be exempted. The argument for the exemption is that this college doesn’t take Federal funds. But remember why: They were sued in the 1980s for discriminatory practices, and they wanted to continue those practices. This school, Hillsdale College, does have powerful friends, in-cluding our Secretary of Education, but isn’t that just the type of insider deal for the wealthy and well con-nected that we should oppose? A vote against this amendment is a vote for an earmark for a school with powerful friends and for subsidizing discrimination. A vote for my amend-ment is a vote to strike down such an earmark, a vote for fair treatment of schools, and a vote against discrimina-tion, and I urge you to vote aye. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, Hills-dale College has been unfairly ma-ligned on the Senate floor. The fact is, Hillsdale College was the first college in America to prohibit in its charter any discrimination based on race, reli-gion, or sex and was an early force in the abolition of slavery. But it is not really about Hillsdale college, exclusively. This is a broader idea. The idea here, and it is in this amendment, is that for any college that chooses to forgo Federal funding for its students—chooses not to be a burden on the taxpayers that way—it is reasonable for us to respond by sparing that college a tax on the endowment fund. That is all. Now there are colleges, a number of colleges, including one in Pennsyl-vania, that choose this mode. They 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:42 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.102 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7712 December 1, 2017 
would prefer to have the freedom to op-erate as they see fit rather than have to deal with Federal regulations, and I suspect that is a big part of what the real problem is on the other side of the aisle. But, folks, I think it is a per-fectly reasonable proposition that if a college chooses to forgo the very sub-stantial funds available to it from Fed-eral taxpayers, it is OK to say that it will be exempt from this endowment. So I urge my colleagues to vote no on the amendment. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the amend-ment. Mr. MERKLEY. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 52, nays 48, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 302 Leg.] YEAS—52 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Collins Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Fischer Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NAYS—48 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
The amendment (No. 1856) was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Colleagues, we are moving now to final passage. I know of no further amendments to the bill. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1618, AS AMENDED  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will be 2 minutes of debate on amend-ment No. 1618, as amended. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I yield back our time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back for the majority. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I yield back. The PRESIDING OFFICER. All time is yielded back. The question is on agreeing to the amendment. The amendment (No. 1618), as amend-ed, was agreed to. The amendment was ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 2 minutes of debate prior to the vote on H.R. 1. The Senator from Oregon. Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, millions of Americans must be watching in stunned disbelief tonight as the Repub-lican Senate betrays the middle class for the benefit of faceless, multi-national corporations. Colleagues, how many middle-class families need to see their hard-earned pay snatched away in tax hikes before these corporate handouts are no longer worth it? How many more Americans need to see their jobs shipped overseas before corporate paymasters no longer call the shots? How many Americans need to lose their healthcare or see their premiums shoot sky-high before this is stopped? What is happening tonight is the worst of the U.S. Senate. There is a trail of broken promises—broken prom-ises to working families in the mad dash to pass this bill. The American people understand this is the first step of continuing attacks on Medicare, on Medicaid, and on Social Security. This vote will not be forgotten. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I yield back the time on this side. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. The result was announced—yeas 51, nays 49, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 303 Leg.] YEAS—51 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Cochran Collins Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sasse Scott Shelby Strange Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—49 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Corker Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Menendez Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden The bill (H.R. 1), as amended, was passed. The VICE PRESIDENT. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as amended, is passed. (Applause, Senators rising.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The majority leader. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to executive session to consider Calendar No. 495, Kirstjen Nielsen. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question is on agreeing to the motion. The motion was agreed to. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the nomi-nation of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Roy Blunt, Rob Portman, James E. Risch, Lindsey Graham, Richard Burr, Mike Crapo, John Boozman, Roger F. Wicker, Ron Johnson, John Thune, John Hoeven, Steve Daines, Marco Rubio, John Cornyn, John Barrasso. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum call for the cloture mo-tion be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, the Senate vote on this cloture motion at 5:30 p.m. on Monday, December 4. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. 
TAX CUTS AND JOBS BILL  
Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, earlier this week, I said it was historic that we began the consideration of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Today is even more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.093 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7713 December 1, 2017 
significant because we are one step closer to enacting that bill. The chairman of the Finance Com-mittee, Senator H
ATCH , has called this a once-in-a-generation opportunity. I agree. As an accountant, one of my goals when I came to the Senate in 1996 was to serve on the Finance Committee. When I joined the committee in 2009, I said that positive, pro-growth changes to our tax policy could help us out of the economic downturn. I believe this bill makes those types of changes and will jump-start our economy. This week, 137 economists agreed with that assessment. In a letter to Senators and Representatives, these economists wrote: ‘‘Economic growth will accelerate if the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act passes, leading to more jobs, high-er wages, and a better standard of liv-ing for the American people.’’ My colleagues on the other side of the aisle dispute that analysis. But after a decade of below-average growth and official projections showing real economic growth will average less than 2 percent annually over the next dec-ade, isn’t it time that we tried some-thing new? Some of my colleagues have also sug-gested that this bill hasn’t gone through regular order. I have already reminded folks of the 70 tax hearings in the Senate Finance Committee held over the last 6 years, but that isn’t all we have done. In the last Congress, Chairman H
ATCH organized five bipar-tisan groups to propose changes to the Tax Code. I was party to those groups, which made many recommendations that have informed this package. I would say that those working groups were also bipartisan. While I don’t sit on the Energy Com-mittee, I understand that Chairman M
URKOWSKI led a similarly robust proc-ess. The issue of oil and gas exploration and development in the Arctic Na-tional Wildlife Refuge has been an issue since before I was a Senator. We have been considering and debating the matter for years. This year alone, Sen-ator M
URKOWSKI has introduced a bill, held a hearing, and then marked up legislation on this issue. Now the bill that is a product of the Finance and Energy Committee’s efforts is on the floor. We have not bypassed committees. We have not filled the tree. We have not cut off debate by filing cloture, which was a common practice in recent years. I think this is as open and trans-parent a process as I have seen in many years, and I appreciate the leader, I ap-preciate Chairman H
ATCH , and I appre-ciate Chairman M
URKOWSKI for their work to make that happen. I also want to thank my Budget Com-mittee staff for their work on this bill. In particular, I want to thank my staff director, Betsy McDonnell, who has done a remarkable job shepherding both the budget resolution and rec-onciliation bill through the committee and on the floor. She has been new to that position. She has been in a num-ber of positions in the Senate that trained her well to be able to do that, and she did a marvelous job. I also want to thank her team: Matt Giroux, Paul Vinovich, Becky Cole, Thomas Fuller, Elizabeth Keys, Joe Brenckle, Jim Neill, Steve Robinson, Greg D’Angelo, Tom Borck, Rick Berger, Jeremy Dalrymple, David Ditch, Susan Eckerly, Alison McGuire, Will Morris, Steve Townsend, Kelsie Wendelberger, and Eric Ueland. I would like to thank my personal of-fice staff who worked hard on the tax provisions in this package and kept all of my other issues going at the same time. Particularly, I want to thank Bart Massey, who is a CPA and who has been my special person to work on these finance issues with me for more than 3 years. I also want to thank Tara Shaw, my chief of staff, who had to put together a new staff because a lot of good people I had were taken to the administration and to the Budget Committee. She did a marvelous job on that. Landon Stropko is the legislative di-rector, and he has coordinated well. I thank Liz Schwartz, Natalia Riggin, Aniela Butler, Charlie Carroll, Shawna Newsome, Garnett Decosimo, Chris Lydon, Aron Wehr, Dylan Mitchell, Coy Knobel, Max D’Onofrio, Rachel Vliem, and the rest of my Wyoming team that worked out in Wyoming col-lecting the information and doing case-work out there while we got this work done. I thank the Budget Committee’s bi-partisan staff: Kim Proctor, Katie Smith, George Woodall, Grace Bruno, and Kevin Walsh, as well as Celina Inman, who has been on loan to us from the Government Publishing Of-fice. We have also been supported by the great work of our leadership, the floor, and the cloakroom staff. Specific thanks are owed to Sharon Soderstrom, Hazen Marshall, Jane Lee, Brandon Dunn in the leader’s office, Monica Popp, John Chapuis, Emily Kirlin, Sam Beaver, Jody Wright, and Noah McCullough in the whip’s office and especially Laura Dove, who coordi-nates all of this activity on the floor and who knows the rules backward and forward and is able to give good ad-vice—some very definite advice some-times but always helpful advice—and Robert Duncan, Chris Tuck, Megan Mercer, Tony Hanagan, Mike Smith, Katherine Kilroy, and Chloe Barz in the cloakroom. I would really be remiss if we didn’t thank the Senate Parliamentarian, Elizabeth MacDonough, and her team: Leigh Hilderbrand, Michael Beaver, and Allison Markoski. Reconciliation bills are subject to special rules and procedures, and I know they have given up a lot of their nights and their week-ends, as well as their regular job time, to work in detail on this product. Peo-ple wouldn’t even realize the file cabi-nets full of precedents that they have to search through as they listen to both sides make cases about what can and can’t be in a budget reconciliation bill. There are also many other staffers who deserve to be thanked for their work on this product, including the en-tire Finance and Energy Committee staffs, but in the interest of time, I will just say that I appreciate them and look forward to working with all of them to help finish enacting this bill that will benefit hard-working Ameri-cans and make our economy and coun-try stronger. Mr. President, I yield the floor. Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, with pas-sage of this bill, we are another step closer to providing real tax relief to the middle class and providing a much- needed boost to our economy. Today’s events have been years in the making. This has been my chief legislative focus for many years, and it has been a priority for many of my col-leagues as well, including some that are no longer serving. I am talking, of course, about people like Dave Camp and Senator Max Baucus, who did a lot to move this effort forward. I feel gratified to have been here and to have worked with my colleagues to get this far. As efforts this year began earnest, we set out to give low- and middle-income Americans some much-needed relief and to give our country an opportunity to compete in the global economy. This bill will do that. With passage of this bill, American families will have bigger paychecks and better wages. Our employers will have more favorable conditions to invest in expansion, grow their businesses, and create more jobs right here in the United States. So many people both in and out of Congress have worked hard to get us to this point, and I want to express my appreciation for their efforts. Of course, I can’t thank everyone in a sin-gle floor speech, but I do want to thank some who may be within earshot at the moment. First and foremost, I want to thank the members of the Senate Finance Committee, who put in countless days, weeks, and months in preparing this legislation and helping to get it passed. All of our majority members contrib-uted greatly to this process, and I am most grateful. I also want to thank the distin-guished majority leader who also did so much to secure the details of the bill and shepherd it through the Senate. I want to thank Chairman BRADY and Speaker R
YAN over in the House of Representatives. They, too, have been great partners in this endeavor. Of course, I need to thank Secretary Mnuchin and Director Cohn for their commitment to this effort and their help in getting it done. I want to thank the staff of the Fi-nance Committee, who have done so much of the heavy lifting here. I need to single out Mark Prater, my chief tax counsel, who has served the committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.097 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7714 December 1, 2017 
for decades now and whose knowledge and expertise on these matters is rec-ognized by everyone here and pretty much everyone everywhere else. Thank you, as well, to the rest of my com-mittee tax staff: Jennifer Acuna, Tony Coughlan, Christopher Hanna, Alex Monie, Eric Oman, Marty Pippins, Preston Rutledge, and Nick Wyatt. I need to thank my staff director, Jay Khosla, who quarterbacked the staff through this whole ordeal and who has spent many years with me as we have laid the groundwork and start-ed construction on this undertaking. I want to thank the other members of my senior team as well, including Matt Hoffman, Jeff Wrase, Julia Lawless, Jennifer Kuskowski, Chris Armstrong, and Bryan Hickman. I need to thank the communications staff on the com-mittee: Katie Niederee, Nicole Hager, and Joshua Blume. I also need to thank a couple of former staff members. Chris Campbell, my former staff director, worked for years on this effort, and while, he is now at Treasury, I am sure he is cele-brating on his own today. I would also like to give a thank you to Jim Lyons, my tax counsel who, unfortunately, passed away a little over a year ago. He contributed greatly to this effort for a number of years, and his steady pres-ence has definitely been missed. Beyond my own staff, I want to thank the tax legislative assistants from each of the committee members who helped to craft this bill, namely, Chris Allen, Sam Beaver, Joseph Boddicker, Chris Conlin, Shay Haw-kins, Randy Herndon, Bart Massey, Monica McGuire, Mike Quickel, Zacshary Rudisill, Andrew Siracuse, Robert Sneeden, Derek Theurer, and Mark Warren, all of whom did an out-standing job in helping us to produce this bill. I also want to thank the committee’s legislative directors: Charles Cogar, Ken Flanz, Chris Gillott, Brad Grantz, Amber Kirchhoefer, Kurt Kovarik, Jes-sica McBride, Sarah Paul, Landon Stropko, Jay Sulzmann, Stephen Tausend, Pam Thiessen, and Chris-topher Toppings. I also need to thank the staff from the leader’s office, including Brendan Dunn, Antonia Ferrier, Hazen Mar-shall, Erica Suares, Terry Van Doren, Don Stewart, and Jane Lee. This process has been a joint effort with our friends on the Budget Com-mittee, and I need to thank Senator E
NZI, once again, for his leadership on that committee to give us the rec-onciliation instruction that made this possible. Additionally, I would like to thank members of his staff, including: Joe Brenckle, Jim Neill, Betsy McDon-nell, Matt Giroux, Paul Vinovich, Becky Cole, Eric Ueland, Thomas Fueller, and the rest of the Budget Committee team. Other bodies deserve our thanks as well. Tom Barthold and his team at the Joint Committee on Taxation made themselves available at all hours to help us get the bill written and ready to pass. As did the staff at the legisla-tive counsel’s office, led by Mark McGunagle and Jim Fransen and their whole team and those who work with Elizabeth McDounagh in the Parlia-mentarian’s office. There are too many people to thank in a single floor speech, but, I am very grateful for the countless individuals who have in this endeavor over the years. We are not there yet, but we are getting closer. I look forward to moving this effort through the next steps and to working with my colleagues on other challenges that lie ahead. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wyoming. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive Cal-endar Nos. 510 through 522 and all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk; that the nominations be con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed en bloc are as follows: 
IN THE ARMY  The following named officers for appoint-ment to the grade indicated in the United States Army under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be brigadier general Col. Douglas F. Stitt 
IN THE NAVY  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 624: To be rear admiral (lower half) Capt. Michael E. Boyle The following named officer for appoint-ment in the United States Navy to the grade indicated while assigned to a position of im-portance and responsibility under title 10, U.S.C., section 601: To be vice admiral Rear Adm. Lisa M. Franchetti 
IN THE AIR FORCE  The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Arthur E. Jackman, Jr. The following named officer for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be major general Brig. Gen. Josef F. Schmid, III The following named officers for appoint-ment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade indicated under title 10, U.S.C., section 12203: To be brigadier general Col. John M. Breazeale Col. Damon S. Feltman Col. Anne B. Gunter Col. Scheid P. Hodges Col. Richard L. Kemble Col. Tanya R. Kubinec Col. Erich C. Novak Col. Jeffrey T. Pennington Col. John N. Tree Col. Aaron G. Vangelisti Col. William W. Whittenberger, Jr. Col. Christopher F. Yancy The following named Air National Guard of the United States officer for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Darlow G. Botha, Jr. The following named Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Steven J. deMilliano Col. Christopher E. Finerty The following named Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Michele K. LaMontagne Col. Michael J. Regan, Jr. The following named Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be brigadier general Col. Travis K. Acheson Col. Barry A. Blanchard Col. Michael A. Borkowski Col. Michael T. Butler Col. Michael A. Cooper Col. Monique J. DeSpain Col. Matthew D. Dinmore Col. Teresa S. Edwards Col. Emmanuel I. Haldopoulos Col. Charles G. Jeffries Col. Gregory W. Lair Col. Jeffrey W. Magram Col. James C. McEachen Col. Maurice M. McKinney Col. Suellen Overton Col. Gregg A. Perez Col. Mark D. Piper Col. James P. Rowlett Col. Michael D. Sproul Col. Christan L. Stewart Col. David W. Walter Col. Terry L. Williams Col. Shanna M. Woyak Col. Frank Y. Yang Col. Jeffrey D. Young The following named Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Ondra L. Berry Brig. Gen. Samuel W. Black Brig. Gen. William D. Bunch Brig. Gen. Joseph S. Chisolm Brig. Gen. Thomas B. Cucchi Brig. Gen. Gary L. Ebben Brig. Gen. Jerry L. Fenwick Brig. Gen. Dawn M. Ferrel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.111 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7715 December 1, 2017 
Brig. Gen. Thomas J. Kennett Brig. Gen. Eric W. Mann Brig. Gen. Edward A. Sauley, III Brig. Gen. Dean A. Tremps The following named Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. George M. Degnon Brig. Gen. Tamhra L. Hutchins-Frye Brig. Gen. Sherrie L. McCandless Brig. Gen. Steven Nordhaus Brig. Gen. Kirk S. Pierce Brig. Gen. Frank H. Stokes Brig. Gen. Bradley A. Swanson Brig. Gen. Thomas K. Wark The following named Air National Guard of the United States officers for appointment in the Reserve of the Air Force to the grade in-dicated under title 10, U.S.C., sections 12203 and 12212: To be major general Brig. Gen. Douglas A. Farnham Brig. Gen. Clay L. Garrison N
OMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE AIR FORCE  PN951 AIR FORCE nominations (14) begin-ning DANE V. CAMPBELL, and ending RICHARD L. WOODRUFF, JR., which nomi-nations were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of Sep-tember 5, 2017. PN1234 AIR FORCE nominations (69) begin-ning JOSEPH BENJAMIN AHLERS, and end-ing TRENTON M. WHITE, which nomina-tions were received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 14, 2017. PN1236 AIR FORCE nomination of Erika R. Woodson, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1237 AIR FORCE nomination of Michael S. Stroud, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1238 AIR FORCE nominations (17) begin-ning LANCE A. AIUMOPAS, and ending TARA L. VILLENA, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1239 AIR FORCE nomination of Robert Sarlay, Jr., which was received by the Sen-ate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1253 AIR FORCE nominations (88) begin-ning RICHARD G. ADAMS, and ending JO-SEPH F. ZINGARO, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 16, 2017. 
IN THE ARMY  PN956 ARMY nomination of Ashley R. Sellers, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 5, 2017. PN958 ARMY nomination of Elias M. Chelala, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of September 5, 2017. PN1144 ARMY nomination of Cathleen A. Labate, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 16, 2017. PN1147 ARMY nominations (2) beginning REBECCA J, COOPER, and ending MAT-THEW L. DANIELS, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of October 16, 2017. PN1240 ARMY nomination of Brantley J. Combs, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1241 ARMY nominations (2) beginning MARK E. QUERY, and ending SAMUEL H. TAHK, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1242 ARMY nomination of Victor A. Pachecofowler, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1243 ARMY nomination of James M. Brumit, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 14, 2017. PN1254 ARMY nomination of Melvin J. Nickell, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 16, 2017. PN1255 ARMY nomination of Erica L. Herzog, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 16, 2017. PN1256 ARMY nomination of Adam W. Vanek, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 16, 2017. PN1257 ARMY nomination of Jason Park, which was received by the Senate and ap-peared in the Congressional Record of No-vember 16, 2017. PN1258 ARMY nomination of John T. Huckabay, which was received by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of November 16, 2017. f LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Sen-ators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DEE BRADEN Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate Ms. Dee Braden on her retirement from the Coles Coun-ty Council on Aging, CCCoA, after more than 41 years of service. One of Illinois’ finest advocates for older residents, Dee started with CCCoA in 1976, as the RSVP volunteer recruiter and was quickly promoted to be its first executive director in 1978. Under Dee’s leadership, CCCoA flour-ished and received the 2008 Governor’s Award for Unique Achievement for its vision, innovation, and collaborative public and private partnerships in Illi-nois. To understand Dee’s tireless commit-ment to Illinois’ older population, one need only look at her long service record. Dee developed and orchestrated the first successful passage of a coun-ty-wide property tax referendum in Il-linois to fund senior services and advo-cated for decades to enhance the qual-ity of life of older adults in Coles Coun-ty. For 10 years, she also fundraised for the LifeSpan Center, a 25,000-square- foot multipurpose intergenerational fa-cility in Mattoon, IL. Dee devoted her-self to bettering the quality of life for our older Illinoisans. Dee’s many years of leadership and contributions to the elderly made her the deserving recipient of several awards, including the Coles County Zonta Woman of the Year Award for Community Service, the Epsilon Sigma Alpha Diana Award for her service, and the Illinois Governor’s Award for Unique Achievement after she devel-oped a countywide Elder Abuse Task Force. This year, the East Central Illi-nois Area Agency on Aging awarded Dee the Dr. Arthur H. Larsen Leader-ship Award for her outstanding leader-ship in advancing programs, services, and opportunities for older persons in east central Illinois. These are just a few of Dee’s many accomplishment. A full rendering of her achievements would take much longer than these few moments. I will end by saying that I visited the CCCoA several times, and I can tell you first-hand that the work Dee has done in the community is nothing short of remark-able. Dee’s generous heart is as big as Illi-nois. I don’t know a better volunteer who has given so much to helping peo-ple. I wish Dee a happy, relaxing retire-ment and the best of luck in her life’s next chapter. She has certainly earned it. f 
BUDGETARY REVISIONS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, allows the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee to revise the alloca-tions, aggregates, and levels in the budget resolution for legislation con-sidered under the resolution’s rec-onciliation instructions. I find that S. Amdt. 1855 fulfills the conditions found in section 3003 of H. Con. Res. 71. Accordingly, I am revising the allocations to the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and other enforce-able budgetary levels to account for the budgetary effects of the amend-ment. This adjustment supersedes the ad-justment I previously made for the processing of S. Amdt. 1618 on Novem-ber 29, 2017. This adjustment applies while this amendment is under consid-eration. Should the amendment be withdrawn or fail, this adjustment will be null and void and the adjustment for S. Amdt. 1618 shall remain active. I ask unanimous consent that the ac-companying tables, which provide de-tails about the adjustment, be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:42 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.098 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7716 December 1, 2017 
BUDGET AGGREGATES—BUDGET AUTHORITY AND OUT-LAYS (PURSUANT TO SECTION 311 OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 3003 OF H.CON.RES. 71, THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018) 
[$s in millions] 2018 
Current Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,089,061 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,109,221 Adjustments *: Spending: Budget Authority ............................................................... * Outlays .............................................................................. * Revised Aggregates: Spending: Budget Authority ............................................................... 3,089,061 Outlays .............................................................................. 3,109,221 
* The Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation esti-mate that this amendment would have an effect on direct spending but are only able to provide a range between 09$50 million and $50 million. This adjustment allows for this range of budgetary change. 
BUDGET AGGREGATE—REVENUES (PURSUANT TO SECTION 311 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 3003 OF H.CON.RES. 71, THE CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018) 
[$s in millions] 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Current Aggregates: Revenue ................. 2,640,939 14,509,252 32,671,567 Adjustments: Revenue .................¥31,300 ¥967,000 ¥1,694,800 Revised Aggregates: Revenue ................. 2,609,639 13,542,252 30,976,767 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON FI-NANCE (PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE CONGRES-SIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 3003 OF H.CON.RES. 71, THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018) 
[$s in millions] 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 2,281,616 13,510,107 32,116,900 Outlays ............................ 2,280,970 13,482,300 32,069,238 Adjustments *: Budget Authority ............. * ¥45,600 ¥220,100 Outlays ............................ * ¥45,600 ¥220,100 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 2,281,616 13,464,507 31,896,800 Outlays ............................ 2,280,970 13,436,700 31,849,138 
* The Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation esti-mate that this amendment would have an effect on direct spending but are only able to provide a range between a ¥$50 million and $50 million. This adjustment allows for this range of budgetary change. 
REVISION TO ALLOCATION TO THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES (PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET ACT OF 1974 AND SECTION 3003 OF H. CON. RES. 71, THE CONCUR-RENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018) 
[$s in millions] 2018 2018–2022 2018–2027 
Current Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 4,703 25,212 49,342 Outlays ............................ 4,391 24,909 49,112 Adjustments: Budget Authority ............. 0 ¥305 ¥1,085 Outlays ............................ 0 ¥305 ¥1,085 Revised Allocation: Budget Authority ............. 4,703 24,907 48,257 Outlays ............................ 4,391 24,604 48,027 
PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE (PURSU-ANT TO SECTION 4106 AND SECTION 3003 OF H. CON. RES. 71, THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018) 
[$s in millions] Balances 
Starting Balances: Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................... 0 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2022 ...................................... 0 PAY-AS-YOU-GO SCORECARD FOR THE SENATE (PURSU-ANT TO SECTION 4106 AND SECTION 3003 OF H. CON. RES. 71, THE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018)—Continued 
[$s in millions] Balances 
Fiscal Years 2017 through 2027 ...................................... 0 Adjustments: Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................... 31,300 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2022 ...................................... 921,095 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2027 ...................................... 1,473,615 Revised Balance: Fiscal Year 2018 ............................................................... 31,300 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2022 ...................................... 921,095 Fiscal Years 2017 through 2027 ...................................... 1,473,615 
f 
UNKNOWN BUDGETARY EFFECTS Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, section 4105 of H. Con. Res. 71, the concurrent reso-lution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, makes out of order any amend-ment to a fiscal year 2018 reconcili-ation measure if the amendment has an unknown budgetary effect. As chairman of the Budget Com-mittee, I have reviewed S. Amdt. 1846 and determined that it has an unknown budgetary effect. Therefore, section 4105 applies to S. Amdt. 1846. This amendment is susceptible to a section 4105 point of order. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MAPLE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. President, today, I wish to recognize Maple Ele-mentary School of Avon, IN, for being named a 2017 National Blue Ribbon School by the U.S. Department of Edu-cation. Established in 1982, the National Blue Ribbon Schools Program recognizes schools that have demonstrated a vi-sion of educational excellence for all students, regardless of their social or economic background. Since its incep-tion, this program has allowed schools in every State to gain recognition for educational accomplishments, particu-larly in closing the achievement gaps among students. Maple Elementary School opened in 1971 and currently serves about 265 stu-dents. Maple prides itself on educating the ‘‘whole child’’ and ensuring that students are safe, healthy, supported, engaged, and challenged. These prin-ciples reflect the school’s belief that, when students’ basic needs are met, they are able to thrive academically. Maple Elementary’s staff, students, and families work together to teach and foster values that develop strong character including academic excel-lence and service to others. Teachers and staff mentor students and encour-age them to take on leadership roles, including student council service. Stu-dent council members are selected by their peers and organize several serv-ice-oriented and school events each year. In addition, the school counselor trains a group of students to mediate disputes through Project Peace, a pro-gram that fosters leadership skills and promotes healthy conflict resolution. Maple Elementary helps nurture strong relationships between students, their families, and the faculty. From the annual ‘‘Walk-a-Thon,’’ to Fall Fun Night, to Pastries with Parents, to Grandparents Day, Maple Elementary School is an example of how dedica-tion, motivation, collaboration, and strong family engagement in education can benefit both the students and the local community. With a diverse student body, Maple has created an atmosphere for students to learn about the various backgrounds and cultures represented at the school. From country flags displayed in the hallway representing the nationality of current students to the counselor-spon-sored Diversity Club, students are able to experience and interact with dif-ferent cultures. I am proud to recognize Maple Ele-mentary School Principal, Nicola Jo Harrison, the entire staff, the students, and their families. The effort, dedica-tion, and value you put into these stu-dents’ education has led not only to this prestigious recognition, but will benefit you and the Avon community well into the future. On behalf of the citizens of Indiana, I congratulate Maple Elementary School, and I wish the students and staff continued success in the future. 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGES REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate messages from the President of the United States submitting sundry nominations which were referred to the appropriate committees. (The messages received today are printed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:04 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mrs. Cole, one of its reading clerks, an-nounced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3017. An act to amend the Comprehen-sive Environmental Response, Compensa-tion, and Liability Act of 1980 to reauthorize and improve the brownfields program, and for other purposes. H.R. 3905. An act to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the Na-tional Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of cer-tain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes. H.R. 4182. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competi-tive service and the Senior Executive Serv-ice, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:59 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.112 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7717 December 1, 2017 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3905. An act to require congressional approval of any mineral withdrawal or monument designation involving the Na-tional Forest System lands in the State of Minnesota, to provide for the renewal of cer-tain mineral leases in such lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4182. An act to amend title 5, United States Code, to modify probationary periods with respect to positions within the competi-tive service and the Senior Executive Serv-ice, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–3588. A communication from the Acting Deputy Chief, Public Safety and Homeland Security Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Wireless Emer-gency Alerts; Amendments to Part 11 of the Commission’s Rules Regarding the Emer-gency Alert System’’ ((FCC 17–143) (PS Dock-et No. 15–91)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 27, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3589. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; North-east Groundfish Fishery; Fishing Year 2017; Recreational Management Measures’’ (RIN0648–BG52) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 27, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3590. A communication from the Dep-uty Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Serv-ice, Department of Commerce, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Pacific Island Fisheries; 2017–18 Annual Catch Limit and Accountability Measures; Main Hawaiian Islands Deep 7 Bottomfish’’ (RIN0648–XF335) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 27, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3591. A communication from the Acting Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regu-latory Programs, National Marine Fisheries Service, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Magnuson-Stevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 2017–2018 Biennial Specifications and Management Measures; Amendment 27’’ (RIN0648–BG17) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 27, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–3592. A communication from the Chief, International Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Section 43.62 Reporting Requirements for U.S. Pro-viders of International Services; 2016 Bien-nial Review of Telecommunications Regula-tions’’ ((FCC 17–136) (IB Docket No. 17–55)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on November 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. f PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petitions and memo-rials were laid before the Senate and were referred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–139. A resolution adopted by the Mayor and City Commission of the City of Miami Beach, Florida, urging the United States Congress to reform the Federal Flood Insurance Program to eliminate dispropor-tionate subsidies paid by the State of Florida to other parts of the nation and to increase the amount of subsidies, to an amount equal to at least 25% of flood insurance premiums paid in the State of Florida, for reinvest-ment in resilient infrastructure projects in Florida and to amend flood insurance policy renewals from annually to every four years; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. POM–140. A petition from a citizen of the State of Texas relative to an amendment to the United States Constitution; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. POM–141. A resolution adopted by the Lau-derdale Lakes City Commission, Lauderdale Lakes, Florida recognizing and honoring all United States armed forces veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 1886. A bill to amend subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, to authorize agencies to make noncompetitive temporary and term appointments in the competitive service (Rept. No. 115–189). By Mr. GRASSLEY, from the Committee on the Judiciary, with an amendment: S. 2070. A bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote ini-tiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering charac-teristics of some children with autism. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. MURKOWSKI: S. 2182. A bill to provide for the resettle-ment and relocation of the people of Bikini; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. HELLER: S. 2183. A bill to amend title XXI of the So-cial Security Act to provide for a special rule during the first quarter of fiscal year 2018 for the redistribution of certain Children’s Health Insurance Program allocations for certain shortfall States; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. M
CCAIN (for himself and Mr. M
ORAN ): S. 2184. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve veterans’ health care benefits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Ms. B
ALDWIN ): S. Res. 346. A resolution recognizing the importance and effectiveness of trauma-in-formed care; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 264 
At the request of Mr. L ANKFORD , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) was added as a cosponsor of S. 264, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow charitable organizations to make statements re-lating to political campaigns if such statements are made in ordinary course of carrying out its tax exempt purpose. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) and the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) were added as cosponsors of S. 654, a bill to revise section 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 662 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from Cali-fornia (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 662, a bill to provide in-centives for hate crime reporting, grants for State-run hate crime hot-lines, a Federal private right of action for victims of hate crimes, and addi-tional penalties for individuals con-victed under the Matthew Shephard and James Byrd, Jr. Hate Crimes Pre-vention Act. 
S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ), the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ), the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ), the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. R
EED), the Sen-ator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to repeal the Govern-ment pension offset and windfall elimi-nation provisions. 
S. 946 
At the request of Mr. F LAKE , the name of the Senator from Wisconsin (Ms. B
ALDWIN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 946, a bill to require the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs to hire addi-tional Veterans Justice Outreach Spe-cialists to provide treatment court services to justice-involved veterans, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.016 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7718 December 1, 2017 
S. 1425 
At the request of Mr. W ICKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1425, a bill to reauthorize the Integrated Coastal and Ocean Ob-servation System Act of 2009, and for other purposes. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1829 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1829, a bill to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program. 
S. 1830 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Iowa (Mrs. E
RNST ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1830, a bill to strengthen employee cost sav-ings suggestions programs within the Federal Government. 
S. 1838 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1838, a bill to repeal the authority under the National Labor Relations Act for States to enact laws prohib-iting agreements requiring member-ship in a labor organization as a condi-tion of employment, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1871 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1871, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to clarify the role of po-diatrists in the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 2070 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 2070, a bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law En-forcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Pa-tient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wan-dering characteristics of some children with autism. 
S. 2088 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2088, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for the issuance of the Gold Star Installation Access Card to the surviving spouse, depend-ent children, and other next of kin of a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving on certain active or re-serve duty, to ensure that a remarried surviving spouse with dependent chil-dren of the deceased member remains eligible for installation benefits to which the surviving spouse was pre-viously eligible, and for other purposes. S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Rehabilitation Administra-tion within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiem-ployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2159 
At the request of Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , the names of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Sen-ator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HA-
HEEN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2159, a bill to require covered harass-ment and covered discrimination awareness and prevention training for Members, officers, employees, interns, fellows, and detailees of Congress with-in 30 days of employment and annually thereafter, to require a biennial cli-mate survey of Congress, to amend the enforcement process under the Office of Congressional Workplace Rights for covered harassment and covered dis-crimination complaints, and for other purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1622 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ) and the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1622 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1623 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amend-ment No. 1623 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1640 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1640 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1642 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mr. S
ASSE) and the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 1642 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1665 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. KLOBUCHAR ), the Senator from Il-linois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) were added as cosponsors of amend-ment No. 1665 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1675 
At the request of Mr. W HITEHOUSE , the name of the Senator from Min-nesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1675 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1711 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1711 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1717 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 1717 pro-posed to H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1724 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , her name was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1724 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. At the request of Mr. H
ATCH , the names of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ), the Senator from Ala-bama (Mr. S
HELBY ), the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ), the Sen-ator from South Dakota (Mr. R
OUNDS ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1724 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1, supra. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1735 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) and the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) were added as co-sponsors of amendment No. 1735 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1736 
At the request of Mr. I NHOFE , the name of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. L
ANKFORD ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1736 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1738 
At the request of Mr. A LEXANDER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.025 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7719 December 1, 2017 
CRUZ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1738 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1739 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the names of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1739 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1758 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1758 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1760 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1760 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1765 
At the request of Mr. I SAKSON , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1765 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1774 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of amendment No. 1774 intended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1790 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of amendment No. 1790 in-tended to be proposed to H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 346—RECOG-NIZING THE IMPORTANCE AND EFFECTIVENESS OF TRAUMA-IN-FORMED CARE Mr. JOHNSON (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , Mr. B OOZMAN , and Ms. B ALD-
WIN) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: 
S. R ES. 346 Whereas traumatic experiences affect mil-lions of individuals in the United States and can affect the mental, emotional, physical, spiritual, economic, and social well-being of an individual; Whereas adverse childhood experiences (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘ACEs’’) can be traumatizing and, if not recognized, can af-fect health across the lifespan of an indi-vidual and, in some cases, result in a short-ened lifespan; Whereas ACEs are recognized as a proxy for toxic stress, which can affect brain devel-opment and can cause a lifetime of physical, mental, and social challenges; Whereas ACEs and trauma are deter-minants of public health problems in the United States such as obesity, addiction, and serious mental illness; Whereas trauma-informed care is an ap-proach that can bring greater understanding and more effective ways to support and serve children, adults, families, and communities affected by trauma; Whereas trauma-informed care is not a therapy or an intervention, but a principle- based, culture-change process aimed at rec-ognizing strengths and resiliency as well as helping people who have experienced trauma to overcome those issues in order to lead healthy and positive lives; Whereas adopting trauma-informed ap-proaches in workplaces, communities, and government programs can aid in preventing mental, emotional, physical, and social issues for people impacted by toxic stress or trauma; Whereas trauma-informed care has been promoted and established in communities across the United States, including many different uses of trauma-informed care being utilized by various types of entities, such as— (1) the State of Wisconsin, which estab-lished Fostering Futures, a statewide initia-tive— (A) under which the State partnered with Indian tribes, State agencies, county govern-ments, and nonprofit organizations to make Wisconsin the first trauma-informed State; and (B) the goal of which is to reduce toxic stress and improve life-long health and well- being for all Wisconsinites; (2) the Menominee Tribe in Wisconsin, which improved educational and public health outcomes by increasing under-standing of historical trauma and childhood adversity and by developing culturally rel-evant, trauma-informed practices; (3) schools of medicine that provide crit-ical trauma-informed care in Chicago, Illi-nois, including— (A) the University of Illinois at Chicago Comprehensive Assessment and Response Training System, which improves the qual-ity of psychiatric services provided to youth in foster care; and (B) the University of Chicago Recovery and Empowerment After Community Trauma Program, which helps residents who are cop-ing with community violence; (4) service providers, academics, and local artists in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, that use art to engage communities to educate and involve citizens in trauma-informed care activities; (5) the Department of Public Health of San Francisco, California, which aligned its workforce to create a trauma-informed sys-tem; (6) schools in Kansas City, Missouri, that— (A) worked to become trauma-informed by encouraging teachers and children to create self-care plans to manage stress; and (B) have implemented broad community- wide, trauma-informed culture changes; (7) the city of Tarpon Springs, Florida, which crafted a community effort to gather city officials, professionals, and residents to coordinate multiple trauma-informed activi-ties, including a community education day; (8) community members in Worcester, Massachusetts, who worked with the Massa-chusetts Department of Mental Health to create a venue with peer-to-peer support to better engage individuals dealing with trau-ma and extreme emotional distress; (9) the city of Walla Walla, Washington, which, together with community members, launched the Children’s Resilience Initiative to mobilize neighborhoods and Washington State agencies to tackle ACEs; (10) the State of Oregon, which passed the first State law in the United States to pro-mote— (A) trauma-informed approaches in order to decrease rates of school absenteeism and increase understanding of ACEs and trauma; and (B) best practices to leverage community resources to support youth; (11) the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, which passed a law to promote whole-school efforts to implement trauma-informed care approaches to support the social, emotional, and academic well-being of all students, in-cluding both preventive and intensive serv-ices and support depending on the needs of students; and (12) the State of Washington, which imple-mented the ACEs Public-Private Initiative, a collaboration among private, public, and community organizations to research and in-form policies to prevent childhood trauma and reduce the negative emotional, social, and health effects of childhood trauma; Whereas the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration provides substantial resources to better engage indi-viduals and communities across the United States to implement trauma-informed care; Whereas numerous Federal agencies have integrated trauma-informed approaches into programs and grants that those agencies ad-minister, and those agencies could benefit from closer collaboration; and Whereas national recognition through a trauma-focused awareness month would help to deepen the understanding of the nature and impact of trauma, the importance of pre-vention, the impact that ACEs can have on brain development, and the benefits of trau-ma-informed care: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) recognizes the importance, effective-ness, and need for trauma-informed care among existing programs and agencies at the Federal level; (2) encourages the use and practice of trau-ma-informed care within the Federal Gov-ernment, including within the executive branch agencies and Congress; and (3) supports the designation of May 2018 as ‘‘National Trauma Awareness Month’’ and May 22, 2018, as ‘‘National Trauma-Informed Awareness Day’’ in order to highlight com-munity resilience through trauma-informed change. f SENATE RESOLUTION 347—COM-MEMORATING THE 62ND ANNI-VERSARY OF THE DEDICATION OF WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE Mrs M
CCASKILL (for herself and Mr. BLUNT) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 347 Whereas, 70 years ago, the National Secu-rity Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.), signed into law by President Harry S. Truman, es-tablished the Department of the Air Force as an executive department and established the United States Air Force under the Depart-ment of the Air Force; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:42 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.027 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7720 December 1, 2017 
Whereas, at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, on De-cember 7, 1941, during the attack on Bellows Field, Second Lieutenant George Allison Whiteman reached his aircraft, but while at-tempting take off, Second Lieutenant White-man’s P-40 Warhawk was attacked by enemy fighters and crashed, fatally injuring Second Lieutenant Whiteman; Whereas, in 1942, the site where Whiteman Air Force Base (in this preamble referred to as ‘‘Whiteman AFB’’) currently exists was established as Sedalia Glider Base, and Seda-lia Army Air Field was later established at that site to train Waco glider pilots for com-bat missions during World War II; Whereas, in 1951, that site was reopened as Sedalia Air Force Base and, beginning in 1952, housed the 340th Bombardment Wing, which was assigned the newest aircraft sys-tems of the time, including the B-47 Stratojet, which was the first all-jet bomber, and the KC-97, which is an aerial refueling tanker; Whereas, on December 3, 1955, Sedalia Air Force Base was dedicated as Whiteman AFB, in memory of Sedalia-native Second Lieu-tenant George Allison Whiteman, one of the first airmen killed in World War II; Whereas Whiteman AFB developed and ma-tured alongside United States Air Force ca-pabilities and necessities, transitioning from a bomber base to the chosen location for the fourth Minuteman intercontinental ballistic missile wing and the home of the 351st Stra-tegic Missile Wing; Whereas Whiteman AFB assisted in paving the way for a fully integrated United States Air Force, with the 351st Strategic Missile Wing fielding the first female Minuteman crew and the first gender-integrated Minute-man crew; Whereas the 509th Bomb Wing is stationed at Whiteman AFB, operates a B-2 Spirit stealth bomber, and is able to deploy from Missouri to engage adversaries of the United States anywhere in the world; Whereas the 509th Bomb Wing first en-gaged in combat as part of Operation Allied Force over Serbia and Kosovo in 1999; Whereas, in October 2001, the 509th Bomb Wing carried out the first military response after the attacks on New York City, New York, and Washington, District of Columbia, on September 11, 2001 by flying a B-2 Spirit stealth bomber into the airspace of Afghani-stan and preceding the coalition aircraft that would engage the forces of the Taliban and al-Qaeda; Whereas, while selectively used, the B-2 Spirit stealth bomber represents the preci-sion capabilities and the endurance of the United States Air Force; Whereas the 442nd Fighter Wing, an Air Force Reserve Command organization re-sponsible for the operation, maintenance, and support of the A-10 Thunderbolt II air-craft (commonly known as the ‘‘Warthog’’), is located at Whiteman AFB and works alongside the 509th Bomb Wing; Whereas the 442nd Citizen Airmen carry on the proud tradition, dating back to World War II, of supporting the United States Army and allied ground forces through close air support; Whereas the 131st Bomb Wing, a unit of the Missouri Air National Guard located at Whiteman AFB, is the only Air National Guard Bomb Wing to fly the B-2 Spirit stealth bomber and to be nuclear-capable; Whereas the 131st Air National Guardsmen carry on the proud tradition of supporting the State of Missouri and the United States, which dates back to the founding of the 131st Bomb Wing in 1923; Whereas the 20th Attack Squadron, which has been based at Whiteman AFB since Jan-uary 2011 and is assigned to the 432d Oper-ations Group in Nevada, flies the remotely piloted aircraft MQ-9 Reaper for aerial re-connaissance and forward observation; Whereas, though geographically separated from the 432d Operations Group, the 20th At-tack Squadron provides integral intelligence and close air support and is able to conduct strikes; Whereas the 1-135th Assault Helicopter Battalion, a unit of the Missouri National Guard, supports humanitarian and disaster relief operations as well as transportation on drug interdiction missions; and Whereas the 1-135th Assault Helicopter Battalion has recently transitioned to using the UH-60 Blackhawk Helicopter, which al-lows for more effective joint force training: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate commemorates the 62nd anniversary of the dedication of Whiteman Air Force Base. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1811. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1812. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1813. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1814. Mr. DAINES submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1815. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EE, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. S ASSE, Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. W
ICKER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1816. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1817. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OUNDS , and Mr. M
ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1818. Mr. ENZI submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1819. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1820. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1821. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1822. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1823. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1824. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1825. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. E RNST , Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R OUNDS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C
OTTON , and Mr. D AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1826. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. S HELBY , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Ms. C OLLINS ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1827. Mr. BURR submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1828. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for him- self and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1829. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1830. Mr. RISCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1831. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. B ENNET , and Mrs. M CCASKILL ) submitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1832. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1833. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.030 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7721 December 1, 2017 
SA 1834. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1835. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. R OBERTS , and Mr. T
HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for him- self and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1836. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1837. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1838. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1839. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1840. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH  (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1841. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1842. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1843. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1844. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1845. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1846. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. K
AINE (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. B
ENNET )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1847. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1848. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1849. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1850. Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. R UBIO (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. K
ENNEDY )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1851. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. S
ASSE, and Mr. K ENNEDY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table . SA 1852. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. C
RUZ (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. S
ASSE)) proposed an amendment to amend-ment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1853. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1854. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. B ROWN  (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C
ASEY , Mr. W YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1855. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH  (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1856. Mr. MERKLEY proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for him- self and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra. SA 1857. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L EE, Mr. R
ISCH, and Mr. S ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCON-
NELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1858. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1859. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1860. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1861. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1862. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 1811. Mr. BLUNT submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 381, line 1, strike ‘‘(g) R EGULA -
TIONS .—’’ and insert: ‘‘(g) E
LECTION TO BETREATED AS A SPECI-
FIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TION.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—An electing insurance, banking, and financing branch shall be treat-ed as a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) E
LECTING INSURANCE , BANKING , AND FI -
NANCING BRANCH .—The term ‘electing insur-ance, banking, and financing branch’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a qualified business unit (as defined in section 989(a)) of a domestic corporation, if— ‘‘(A) the domestic corporation is an insur-ance company taxable under subchapter L or is a bank taxable under subchapter H, ‘‘(B) the qualified business unit is a quali-fied insurance branch or a qualified banking and financing branch, and ‘‘(C) the election described in paragraph (5) is in effect with respect to such branch for the taxable year. ‘‘(3) T
AXABLE INCOME OF DOMESTIC CORPORA -
TION COMPUTED WITHOUT REGARD TO QUALIFIED  
BUSINESS UNIT .—For purposes of this title, the taxable income of a domestic corpora-tion described in paragraph (2)(A) shall be computed without regard to items of the qualified business unit described in para-graph (2)(B) which are separately accounted for in accordance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(4) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED INSURANCE BRANCH .—The term ‘qualified insurance branch’ means a qualified business unit (within the meaning of section 989(a)) of a domestic corporation that is an insurance company taxable under subchapter L, if such unit is licensed, au-thorized, or regulated by the applicable in-surance regulatory body for its home coun-try to sell insurance, reinsurance, or annuity contracts to persons other than related per-sons (within the meaning of section 954(d)(3)) in such home country. Any term used in this subparagraph which is also used in section 953(e) shall have the meaning given to such term by section 953(e). ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED BANKING AND FINANCING  
BRANCH .—The term ‘qualified banking and fi-nancing branch’ means a qualified business unit (within the meaning of section 989(a)) of a domestic corporation that is a bank tax-able under subchapter H, if such unit is pre-dominantly engaged in the active conduct of a banking, financing, or similar business, and conducts substantial activity with re-spect to such business. Any term used in this subparagraph which is also used in section 954(h) shall have the meaning given to such term by section 954(h). ‘‘(5) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A domestic corporation may make the election described in this paragraph with respect to any qualified in-surance branch or qualified banking and fi-nancing branch for any taxable year. ‘‘(B) D
URATION AND TERMINATION OF ELEC -
TION.—Subject to subparagraph (C), an elec-tion made under this paragraph for any tax-able year shall remain in effect for all subse-quent taxable years, except that it may be revoked with the consent of the Secretary. ‘‘(C) T
IMING OF ELECTION .—The election provided by this paragraph shall be made not later than the time prescribed by law for fil-ing the return for the taxable year (including extensions thereof) with respect to which such election is made, and such election and any approved revocation thereof shall be made in the manner provided by the Sec-retary. ‘‘(6) S
EPARATE ACCOUNTING REQUIRED .—Any domestic corporation which makes the elec-tion described in paragraph (5) with respect to a qualified business unit shall establish and maintain a separate account for the var-ious income, exclusion, deduction, asset, re-serve, liability, and surplus items properly attributable to the qualified business unit. Such separate accounting shall be made— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.036 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7722 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(A) in accordance with the method regu-larly employed by such domestic company, if such method clearly reflects income derived from, and the other items attributable to, the qualified business unit, and ‘‘(B) in all other cases, in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF ELECTION AND TERMI -
NATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this title, each electing insurance, banking, and financing branch shall be treated as a foreign corporation organized in its home country (as defined in section 953(e)(6)(B)). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF ASSETS AND LIABIL -
ITIES .—Any domestic corporation making an election under paragraph (5) shall be treated as transferring (as of the first day of the first taxable year to which such election applies) all of the assets and liabilities separately ac-counted for under paragraph (6) to a foreign corporation in connection with an exchange to which section 351 applies, subject to sec-tion 367. ‘‘(C) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION OF ELECTION .— If an election is made by a domestic corpora-tion under paragraph (5) for any taxable year, and such election ceases to apply to the electing insurance, banking, and financ-ing branch for any subsequent taxable year, the electing insurance, banking, and financ-ing branch treated as a foreign corporation shall be treated (as of the first day of the first taxable year following such cessation) as liquidating under section 332, subject to section 367. ‘‘(8) T
RANSACTIONS BETWEEN ELECTING IN -
SURANCE , BANKING , AND FINANCING BRANCH  
AND DOMESTIC CORPORATION .—Any amount di-rectly or indirectly transferred or credited from an electing insurance, banking, and fi-nancing branch account established pursuant to paragraph (6) to one or more other ac-counts of such domestic company shall be treated as a deemed distribution for purposes of this title. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .— 
SA 1812. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 1lll. EXTENSION OF AMERICAN SAMOA ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 119(d) of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, (2) by striking ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘first 17 taxable years’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘first 5 taxable years’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN REFERENCES .— Section 119(e) of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘References in this subsection to section 199 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be treated as references to such section as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 1813. Ms. MURKOWSKI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 1lll. EXTENSION OF AMERICAN SAMOA ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 119(d) of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2023’’, (2) by striking ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘first 17 taxable years’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘first 5 taxable years’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN REFERENCES .— Section 119(e) of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘References in this subsection to section 199 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be treated as references to such section as in effect before its repeal by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SA 1814. Mr. DAINES submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 26, strike line 21 and all that follows through page 30, line 14, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(6) F
RANCHISE EXCEPTION .—In the case of a taxpayer utilizing business format fran-chising as a franchisor or franchisee under part 436 of title 16, Code of Federal Regula-tions, with respect to any qualified trade or business, paragraph (2) shall be applied with-out regard to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness income’ means, for any taxable year, the net amount of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF LOSSES .—If the net amount of qualified income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to qualified trade or businesses of the taxpayer amount for any taxable year is less than zero, such amount shall be treated as a loss from a qualified trade or business in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ITEMS OF INCOME , GAIN, DE-
DUCTION , AND LOSS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss’ means items of income, gain, deduction, and loss to the extent such items are— ‘‘(i) effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of section 864(c), determined by substituting ‘qualified trade or business (within the meaning of section 199A)’ for ‘nonresident alien individual or a foreign corporation’ or for ‘a foreign corpora-tion’ each place it appears), and ‘‘(ii) included or allowed in determining taxable income for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTIONS .—The following invest-ment items shall not be taken into account as a qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, or loss: ‘‘(i) Any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss. ‘‘(ii) Any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G). ‘‘(iii) Any interest income other than in-terest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business. ‘‘(iv) Any item of gain or loss described in subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (applied by substituting ‘qualified trade or business’ for ‘controlled foreign corpora-tion’). ‘‘(v) Any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items at-tributable to notional principal contracts en-tered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)). ‘‘(vi) Any amount received from an annu-ity which is not received in connection with the trade or business. ‘‘(vii) Any item of deduction or loss prop-erly allocable to an amount described in any of the preceding clauses. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REASONABLE COMPENSA -
TION AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS .—Qualified business income shall not include— ‘‘(A) reasonable compensation paid to the taxpayer by any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer for services rendered with re-spect to the trade or business, ‘‘(B) any guaranteed payment described in section 707(c) paid to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or busi-ness, and ‘‘(C) to the extent provided in regulations, any payment described in section 707(a) to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or business. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified trade or business’ means any trade or business other than a specified service trade or busi-ness. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SERVICE TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified service trade or business’ means any trade or business involving the performance of serv-ices described in section 1202(e)(3)(A), includ-ing investing and investment management, trading, or dealing in securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), partnership interests, or commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(B) F
RANCHISE EXCEPTION .—Such term does not include any trade or business uti-lizing business format franchising as a franchisor or franchisee under part 436 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SA 1815. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L
EE, Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. S ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.034 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7723 December 1, 2017 
Beginning on page 43, strike line 16 and all that follows through page 45, line 20 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(4) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(5) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF REFUNDABLE  
CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied without regard to para-graphs (2) and (4) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied as if the $1,000 amount in subsection (a) were in-creased (but not to exceed the amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection) by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(6) E
ARNED INCOME THRESHOLD FOR RE -
FUNDABLE CREDIT .—Subsection (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,500’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(8) C
REDIT ALLOWED WITH RESPECT TO UN -
BORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying child’ includes an unborn child (as defined in section 1841(d) of title 18, United States Code) for any such taxable year if such child is born and issued a social security number (as defined in paragraph (7)) before the due date for the return of tax (without regard to extensions) for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) D
OUBLE CREDIT IN CASE OF CHILDREN  
UNABLE TO CLAIM CREDIT .—In the case of any child born during a taxable year described in paragraph (1) who is not taken into account under subparagraph (A) for the taxable year immediately preceding the taxable year in which the child is born, the amount of the credit determined under this section with re-spect to such child for the taxable year of the child’s birth shall be increased by 100 percent.’’. 
SA 1816. Mr. TOOMEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 456, between lines 2 and 3, insert the following: ‘‘(E) P
HASE IN OF PERCENTAGE USED IN DE -
TERMINING EXCESS INDEBTEDNESS .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a cal-endar year before 2022, the following percent-ages shall be substituted for ‘110 percent’ in applying subparagraph (B)(ii): ‘‘(i) 130 percent for calendar year 2018. ‘‘(ii) 125 percent for calendar year 2019. ‘‘(iii) 120 percent for calendar year 2020. ‘‘(iv) 115 percent for calendar year 2021. 
SA 1817. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OUNDS , and Mr. M ORAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13305 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 13305. DEDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIB-UTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES FOR FARMING BUSI-NESSES. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘There shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to sub-section (e), there shall be’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, effective with taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the deduction for income attributable to domes-tic production activities provided under this section shall be allowed only with respect to domestic production activities incurred in any farming trade or business, including with respect to any agricultural and horti-cultural cooperative described in subsection (d).’’. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—Until the date on which any regulations necessary to carry out the provisions of and amendments made by this subsection are fully implemented, the Secretary shall continue to carry out section 199 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in the same manner as on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, including with respect to agricultural and horticultural co-operatives, except that deductions allowed under such section shall be allowed con-sistent with subsection (e) of such section (as added by paragraph (1)). (b) T
AX ON CERTAIN FARMERS ’ COOPERA -
TIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1381(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) T
AX ON CERTAIN FARMERS ’ COOPERA -
TIVES .—An organization described in sub-section (a)(1) shall be subject to the tax im-posed by section 11, except that in the case of an organization eligible for a deduction under section 199 for the taxable year by rea-son of subsection (e) thereof, section 11(b) shall be applied by substituting ‘35 percent’ for ‘20 percent’.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. (c) R
EPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DEDUC -
TION FOR QUALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVI-
DENDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199A, as added by section 11011 of this Act is amended — (A) by striking ‘‘and qualified cooperative dividends’’ in subsection (b)(1)(B) thereof, and (B) by striking paragraph (4) of subsection (e) thereof. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall apply as if in-cluded in the amendments made by section 11011 of this Act. 
SA 1818. Mr. ENZI submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subpart B of part VII of sub-title C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 1361l. MODIFICATION OF RULES GOV-ERNING HARDSHIP DISTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall modify Treasury Regulation section 1.401(k)– 1(d)(3)(iv)(E) to— (1) delete the 6-month prohibition on con-tributions imposed by paragraph (2) thereof, and (2) make any other modifications nec-essary to carry out the purposes of section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The revised regula-tions under this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1819. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 440, strike lines 16 through 25, and insert the following: ‘‘(i) S
ALES TO RELATED PARTIES .—If prop- erty is sold to a related party who is not a United States person, such sale shall not be treated as for a foreign use unless— ‘‘(I) such property is ultimately sold by a related party, or used by a related party in connection with property which is sold or the provision of services, to another person who is an unrelated party who is not a United States person, and ‘‘(II) the taxpayer establishes to the satis-faction of the Secretary that such property is for a foreign use. For purposes of this clause, a sale of prop-erty shall be treated as a sale of each of the components thereof. 
SA 1820. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of subpart D of part VII of sub-title C of title I, add the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.043 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7724 December 1, 2017 
SEC. 13543. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF S CORPORATION CONVERSIONS TO C CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1371 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) C
ASHDISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a distribu-tion of money by an eligible terminated S corporation after the post-termination tran-sition period, the accumulated adjustments account shall be allocated to such distribu-tion, and the distribution shall be chargeable to accumulated earnings and profits, in the same ratio as the amount of such accumu-lated adjustments account bears to the amount of such accumulated earnings and profits. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TERMINATED S CORPORATION .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘el-igible terminated S corporation’ means any C corporation— ‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) was an S corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and ‘‘(ii) during the 2-year period beginning on the date of such enactment makes a revoca-tion of its election under section 1362(a), and ‘‘(B) the owners of the stock of which, de-termined on the date such revocation is made, are the same owners (and in identical proportions) as on the date of such enact-ment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this sectin shall apply to distribu-tions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1821. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. CONSOLIDATION OF EDUCATION SAV-INGS RULES. 
(a) N ONEWCONTRIBUTIONS TO COVERDELL  E
DUCATION SAVINGS ACCOUNT .—Section 530(b)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) Except in the case of rollover con-tributions, no contribution will be accepted after December 31, 2017.’’. (b) L
IMITED DISTRIBUTION ALLOWED FOR EL-
EMENTARY AND SECONDARY TUITION AND  Q
UALIFIED EARLY EDUCATION EXPENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SEC -
ONDARY TUITION AND QUALIFIED EARLY EDU -
CATION EXPENSES .—Each reference in this section to the term ‘qualified higher edu-cation expense’ is deemed to include— ‘‘(A) a reference to expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment at an elemen-tary or secondary school; and ‘‘(B) a reference to expenses for providing educational and other care to a child under age 5, as determined under the law of the State involved, provided pursuant to attend-ance at a school or facility licensed in the State for such purpose (referred to in this section as ‘qualified early education ex-penses’).’’. (2) L
IMITATION .—Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The amount of cash distributions from all qualified tuition pro grams described in sub-section (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a bene-ficiary during any taxable year, shall, in the aggregate, include (as the case may be) not more than $10,000 in expenses for tuition in-curred during the taxable year in connection with the enrollment or attendance of the beneficiary as an elementary or secondary school student at a public, private, or reli-gious school; or not more than $10,000 in qualified early education expenses incurred during the taxable year.’’. (c) ROLLOVERS FROMCOVERDELL EDUCATION  S
AVINGS ACCOUNTS TO QUALIFIED TUITION  P
ROGRAMS .—Section 530(d)(5) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or into (by purchase or contribu-tion) a qualified tuition program (as defined in section 529),’’ after ‘‘into another Cover-dell education savings account’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made after December 31, 2017. (2) R
OLLOVERS TO QUALIFIED TUITION PRO -
GRAMS .—The amendments made by sub-section (b) shall apply to distributions after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1822. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13532. 
SA 1823. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 187, strike line 15 and insert the following: ‘‘body of an elective cooperative; or ‘‘(v) manufacturers making upgrades to comply with State or Federal environmental regulations. 
SA 1824. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 30, line 10, insert ‘‘(except with re-spect to engineering and architecture)’’ after ‘‘1202(e)(3)(A)’’. 
SA 1825. Mr. HOEVEN (for himself, Mr. G
ARDNER , Mr. B OOZMAN , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. C OTTON , and Mr. D
AINES ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike section 13305 and insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. 13305. DEDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIB-UTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES FOR FARMING BUSI-NESSES. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘There shall be’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to sub-section (e), there shall be’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) L
IMITATION .—Effective with taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the deduction for income attributable to domes-tic production activities provided under this section shall be allowed only with respect to domestic production activities incurred in any farming trade or business, including with respect to any agricultural and horti-cultural cooperative described in subsection (d).’’. (2) A
DMINISTRATION .—Until the date on which any regulations necessary to carry out the provisions of and amendments made by this subsection are fully implemented, the Secretary shall continue to carry out section 199 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in the same manner as on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, including with respect to agricultural and horticultural co-operatives, except that deductions allowed under such section shall be allowed con-sistent with subsection (e) of such section (as added by paragraph (1)). (b) T
AX ON CERTAIN FARMERS ’ COOPERA -
TIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1381(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) T
AX ON CERTAIN FARMERS ’ COOPERA -
TIVES .—An organization described in sub-section (a)(1) shall be subject to the tax im-posed by section 11, except that in the case of an organization eligible for a deduction under section 199 for the taxable year by rea-son of subsection (e) thereof, section 11(b) shall be applied by substituting ‘35 percent’ for ‘20 percent’.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2018. (c) R
EPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DEDUC -
TION FOR QUALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVI-
DENDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199A, as added by section 11011 of this Act is amended — (A) by striking ‘‘and qualified cooperative dividends’’ in subsection (b)(1)(B) thereof, and (B) by striking paragraph (4) of subsection (e) thereof. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall apply as if in-cluded in the amendments made by section 11011 of this Act. 
SA 1826. Mr. SCOTT (for himself, Mr. B
LUNT , Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. I SAKSON , Mr. G
RASSLEY , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. R OBERTS , Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. S HELBY , Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. C ASSIDY , and Ms. C OL-
LINS) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL  (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to pro-vide for reconciliation pursuant to ti-tles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.041 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7725 December 1, 2017 
On page 254, strike lines 10 through 25 and insert the following: 
SEC. 13517. COMPUTATION OF LIFE INSURANCE TAX RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) C
OMPUTATION OF RESERVES .—Section 807(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) I
TEMS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—The items referred to in subsections and (b) are as follows— ‘‘(1) The life insurance reserves (as defined in section 816(b)). ‘‘(2) The unearned premiums and unpaid losses included in total reserves under sec-tion 816(c)(2). ‘‘(3) The amounts (discounted at the appro-priate rate of interest) necessary to satisfy the obligations under insurance and annuity contracts, but only if such obligations do not involve (at the time with respect to which the computation is made under this para-graph) life, accident, or health contin-gencies. ‘‘(4) Dividend accumulations, and other amounts, held at interest in connection with insurance and annuity contracts. ‘‘(5) Premiums received in advance, and li-abilities for premium deposit funds. ‘‘(6) Reasonable special contingency re-serves under contracts of group term life in-surance or group accident and health insur-ance which are established and maintained for the provision of insurance on retired lives, for premium stabilization, or a com-bination thereof. For purposes of paragraph (3), the appro-priate rate of interest is the highest rate or rates permitted to be used to discount the obligations by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners as of the date the reserve is determined. In no case shall the amount determined under paragraph (3) for any contract be less than the net surrender value of such contract. For purposes of para-graph (2) and section 805(a)(1), the amount of the unpaid losses (other than losses on life insurance contracts) shall be the amount of the discounted unpaid losses as defined in section 846.’’. (2) Section 807(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), (4), and (5), (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (4), (C) by inserting before paragraph (3) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) D
ETERMINATION OF RESERVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this part (other than section 816), the amount of the life insurance reserves for any contract (other than a contract to which subpara-graph (B) applies) shall be the greater of— ‘‘(i) the net surrender value of such con-tract, or ‘‘(ii) 92.87 percent of the reserve deter-mined under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) V
ARIABLE CONTRACTS .—For purposes of this part (other than section 816), the amount of the life insurance reserves for a variable contract shall be equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the greater of— ‘‘(I) the net surrender value of such con-tract, or ‘‘(II) the portion of the reserve that is sep-arately accounted for under section 817, plus ‘‘(ii) 92.87 percent of the excess (if any) of the reserve determined under paragraph (2) over the amount in clause (i). ‘‘(C) S
TATUTORY CAP .—In no event shall the reserves determined under subparagraphs (A) or (B) for any contract as of any time exceed the amount which would be taken into ac-count with respect to such contract as of such time in determining statutory reserves (as defined in paragraph (4)). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF RESERVE .—The amount of the reserve determined under this paragraph with respect to any contract shall be deter-mined by using the tax reserve method appli-cable to such contract.’’, (D) by striking ‘‘(as of the date of issuance)’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)(I) and in-serting ‘‘(as of the date the reserve is deter-mined)’’, (E) by striking ‘‘as of the date of the issuance of’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)(II) and inserting ‘‘as of the date the reserve is deter-mined for’’, (F) by striking ‘‘in effect on the date of the issuance of the contract’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(i) and inserting ‘‘applicable to the con-tract and in effect as of the date the reserve is determined’’, and (G) by striking ‘‘in effect on the date of the issuance of the contract’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) and inserting ‘‘applicable to the contract and in effect as of the date the re-serve is determined’’. (3) Section 807(e) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (5), (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively, (C) by amending paragraph (2) (as so redes-ignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS  
TREATED SEPARATELY .—For purposes of this part, the amount of the life insurance re-serve for any qualified supplemental benefit shall be computed separately as though such benefit were under a separate contract. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT .— For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified supplemental benefit’ means any supplemental benefit described in subpara-graph (C) if— ‘‘(i) there is a separately identified pre-mium or charge for such benefit, and ‘‘(ii) any net surrender value under the contract attributable to any other benefit is not available to fund such benefit. ‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the supplemental benefits described in this subparagraph are any— ‘‘(i) guaranteed insurability, ‘‘(ii) accidental death or disability benefit, ‘‘(iii) convertibility, ‘‘(iv) disability waiver benefit, or ‘‘(v) other benefit prescribed by regula-tions, which is supplemental to a contract for which there is a reserve described in sub-section (c).’’, and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
EPORTING RULES .—The Secretary shall require reporting (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall pre-scribe) with respect to the opening balance and closing balance of reserves and with re-spect to the method of computing reserves for purposes of determining income.’’. (4) Section 7702 is amended— (A) by striking clause (i) of subsection (c)(3)(B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) reasonable mortality charges which meet the requirements prescribed in regula-tions to be promulgated by the Secretary or that do not exceed the mortality charges specified in the prevailing commissioners’ standard tables as defined in subsection (f)(10),’’ and (B) by adding at the end of subsection (f) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) P
REVAILING COMMISSIONERS ’ STANDARD  
TABLES .—For purposes of subsection (c)(3)(B)(i), the term ‘prevailing commis-sioners’ standard tables’ means the most re-cent commissioners’ standard tables pre-scribed by the National Association of Insur-ance Commissioners which are permitted to be used in computing reserves for that type of contract under the insurance laws of at least 26 States when the contract was issued. If the prevailing commissioners’ standard ta-bles as of the beginning of any calendar year (hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as the ‘year of change’) are different from the prevailing commissioners’ standard tables as of the beginning of the preceding calendar year, the issuer may use the prevailing com-missioners’ standard tables as of the begin-ning of the preceding calendar year with re-spect to any contract issued after the change and before the close of the 3-year period be-ginning on the first day of the year of change.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 808 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
REVAILING STATE ASSUMED INTEREST  R
ATE.—For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘prevailing State assumed interest rate’ means, with re-spect to any contract, the highest assumed interest rate permitted to be used in com-puting life insurance reserves for insurance contracts or annuity contracts (as the case may be) under the insurance laws of at least 26 States. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the effect of nonforfeiture laws of a State on interest rates for reserves shall not be taken into account. ‘‘(2) W
HEN RATE DETERMINED .—The pre- vailing State assumed interest rate with re-spect to any contract shall be determined as of the beginning of the calendar year in which the contract was issued.’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 811(d) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘the greater of the prevailing State assumed interest rate or applicable Federal interest rate in effect under section 807’’ and inserting ‘‘the interest rate in effect under section 808(g)’’. (3) Subparagraph (A) of section 846(f)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘except that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘except that the limitation of subsection (a)(3) shall apply, and’’. (4) Subparagraph (B) of section 954(i)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘shall apply, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—For the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, the reserve with respect to any contract (as de-termined under section 807(d)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) at the end of the preceding taxable year shall be determined as if the amendments made by this section had applied to such reserve in such preceding taxable year. (3) T
RANSITION RELIEF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If— (i) the reserve determined under section 807(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to the amend-ments made by this section) with respect to any contract as of the close of the year pre-ceding the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, differs from (ii) the reserve which would have been de-termined with respect to such contract as of the close of such taxable year under such section determined without regard to para-graph (2), then the difference between the amount of the reserve described in clause (i) and the amount of the reserve described in clause (ii) shall be taken into account under the meth-od provided in subparagraph (B). (B) M
ETHOD .—The method provided in this subparagraph is as follows: (i) If the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A)(i) exceeds the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (A)(ii), 1/8 of such excess shall be taken into account, for each 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:42 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.042 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7726 December 1, 2017 
of the 8 succeeding taxable years, as a deduc-tion under section 805(a)(2) or 832(c)(4) of such Code, as applicable. (ii) If the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) exceeds the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (A)(i), 1/8 of such excess shall be included in gross income, for each of the 8 succeeding taxable years, under section 803(a)(2) or 832(b)(1)(C) of such Code, as applicable. 
SEC. 13518. MODIFICATION OF RULES FOR LIFE INSURANCE PRORATION FOR PUR-POSES OF DETERMINING THE DIVI-DENDS RECEIVED DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 812 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 812. DEFINITION OF COMPANY’S SHARE AND POLICYHOLDER’S SHARE. 
‘‘(a) C OMPANY ’SSHARE .—For purposes of section 805(a)(4), the term ‘company’s share’ means, with respect to any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, 70 percent. ‘‘(b) P
OLICYHOLDER ’SSHARE .—For purposes of section 807, the term ‘policyholder’s share’ means, with respect to any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, 30 percent.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 817A(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘, 807(d)(2)(B), and 812’’ and inserting ‘‘and 807(d)(2)(B)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13519. CAPITALIZATION OF CERTAIN POLICY ACQUISITION EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Section 848(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ and inserting ‘‘180-month’’. (2) Section 848(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘1.75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.1 percent’’. (3) Section 848(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2.05 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.46 percent’’. (4) Section 848(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘7.7 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘9.24 percent’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 848(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ and inserting ‘‘180-month’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to net premiums for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—Specified policy ac-quisition expenses first required to be cap-italized in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, will continue to be allowed as a deduction ratably over the 120-month period beginning with the first month in the second half of such taxable year. 
SA 1827. Mr. BURR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle C of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 13311. 7-YEAR CLASS LIFE FOR MOTOR-SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT COMPLEX FACILITIES MADE PERMANENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(i)(15) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SA 1828. Ms. COLLINS (for herself and Mr. K
ING) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11030. REFUNDABILITY OF CHILD AND DE-PENDENT CARE TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 21 as section 36C, and (2) by moving section 36C, as so redesig-nated, from subpart A of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 to the location imme-diately before section 37 in subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1. (b) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) Paragraph (1) of section 23(f) is amended by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. (2) Paragraph (6) of section 35(g) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘21(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘36C(e)’’. (3) Paragraph (1) of section 36C(a) (as redes-ignated by subsection (a)) is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘this subtitle’’. (4) Subparagraph (C) of section 129(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21(e)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 36C(e)’’. (5) Paragraph (2) of section 129(b) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 21(d)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C(d)(2)’’. (6) Paragraph (1) of section 129(e) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 21(b)(2)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C(b)(2)’’. (7) Subsection (e) of section 213 is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 36C’’. (8) Subparagraph (H) of section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 36C’’. (9) Subparagraph (L) of section 6213(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 21, 24, or 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24, 32, or 36C,’’. (10) Paragraph (2) of section 1324(b) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘36C,’’ after ‘‘36B,’’. (11) The table of sections for subpart C of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 36B the following: ‘‘Sec. 36C. Expenses for household and de-pendent care services necessary for gainful employment.’’. (12) The table of sections for subpart A of such part IV is amended by striking the item relating to section 21. (c) O
FFSET .—Section 1061, as added by sec-tion 13310, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘3 years’’ in subsection (a)(2) and inserting ‘‘8 years’’, (2) by striking ‘‘3 years’’ in subsection (d)(1)(A) and inserting ‘‘8 years’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘three calendar years’’ in subsection (d)(2)(B) and inserting ‘‘8 calendar years’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SA 1829. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 33, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: ‘‘(5) SPECIAL RULE FOR BDC DIVIDENDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a qualified BDC dividend shall be treat-ed in the same manner as a qualified REIT dividend. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED BDC DIVIDEND .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified BDC dividend’ means any dividend received from an electing business development com-pany during the taxable year which is not— ‘‘(i) a capital gain dividend, as defined in section 852(b)(3), and ‘‘(ii) qualified dividend income, as defined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(C) E
LECTING BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COM -
PANY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘electing business development com-pany’ means a business development com-pany (as defined in section 2(a) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 2(a))) which has an election in effect under section 851 to be treated as a regulated in-vestment company. 
SA 1830. Mr. RISCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 33, between lines 17 and 18, insert the following: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR BDC DIVIDENDS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a qualified BDC dividend shall be treat-ed in the same manner as a qualified REIT dividend. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED BDC DIVIDEND .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified BDC dividend’ means any dividend received from an electing business development com-pany during the taxable year which is not— ‘‘(i) a capital gain dividend, as defined in section 852(b)(3), and ‘‘(ii) qualified dividend income, as defined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(C) E
LECTING BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COM -
PANY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘electing business development com-pany’ means a business development com-pany (as defined in section 2(a) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 2(a))) which has an election in effect under section 851 to be treated as a regulated in-vestment company. 
SA 1831. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. B ENNET , and Mrs. M CCAS-
KILL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 104, strike line 15 and all that follows through page 112, line 12 and insert the following: Subtitle B—Permanent Individual Income Tax Relief for Middle Class 
SEC. 12001. AMENDMENT OF INCOME TAX BRACK-ETS. 
(a) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE-
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The table contained in subsection (a) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $19,050 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400 .......................... $1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.042 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7727 December 1, 2017 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Over $77,400 but not over $140,000 ......................... $8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000 ......................... $22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000 ......................... $65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $480,050 ......................... $91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $480,050 ................... $119,496.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $480,050. 
(b) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The table con-tained in subsection (b) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $13,600 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800 .......................... $1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000 .......................... $5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $453,350 ......................... $44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $453,350 ................... $133,020.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $453,350. 
(c) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN S
URVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The table contained in subsection (c) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $426,700 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $426,700 ................... $125,084.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $426,700. 
(d) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  R
ETURNS .—The table contained in subsection (d) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $240,026 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $240,026 ................... $59,748.60, plus 39.6% of the excess over $240,026. 
(e) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The table con-tained in subsection (e) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150 ............................ $255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,700 .......................... $1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,700 ..................... $3,081.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $12,700. 
(f) I NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 1(f)(2)(A), as amended by this Act, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (g) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 12002. CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1832. Mr. JOHNSON submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF S CORPORATION CONVERSIONS TO C CORPORATIONS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CON-
VERSION FROMS CORPORATION TO C CORPORA -
TION.—Section 481 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CON-
VERSION FROMS CORPORATION TO C CORPORA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an eligible terminated S corporation, any adjustment required by subsection (a)(2) which is attrib-utable to such corporation’s revocation de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall be taken into account ratably during the 10-taxable year period beginning with the year of the change. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TERMINATED S CORPORATION .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘el-igible terminated S corporation’ means any C corporation— ‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) was an S corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Ac; and ‘‘(ii) during the 3-year period beginning on the date of such enactment makes a revoca-tion of its election under section 1362(a); and ‘‘(B) the owners of the stock of which, de-termined on the date such revocation is made, are the same owners (and in identical proportions) as on the date of such enact-ment.’’. (b) C
ASH DISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD FROM S C
ORPORATION STATUS .—Section 1371 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) C
ASHDISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD .—In the case of a distribution of money by an eligible terminated S corporation (as defined in sec-tion 481(d)) after the post-termination tran-sition period, the accumulated adjustments account shall be allocated to such distribu-tion, and the distribution shall be chargeable to accumulated earnings and profits, in the same ratio as the amount of such accumu-lated adjustments account bears to the amount of such accumulated earnings and profits.’’. 
SA 1833. Mr. SCOTT (for himself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for rec-onciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 13823 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 13823. OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter Z—Opportunity Zones ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–1. Designation. ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–2. Special rules for capital gains invested in opportunity zones. 
‘‘SEC. 1400Z–1. DESIGNATION. 
‘‘(a) Q UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE DE-
FINED .—For the purposes of this subchapter, the term ‘qualified opportunity zone’ means a population census tract that is a low-in-come community that is designated as a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a population census tract that is a low-income community is designated as a qualified opportunity zone if— ‘‘(A) not later than the end of the deter-mination period, the governor of the State in which the tract is located— ‘‘(i) nominates the tract for designation as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(ii) notifies the Secretary in writing of such nomination, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary certifies such nomina-tion and designates such tract as a qualified opportunity zone before the end of the con-sideration period. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF PERIODS .—A governor may request that the Secretary extend ei-ther the determination or consideration pe-riod, or both (determined without regard to this subparagraph), for an additional 30 days. ‘‘(c) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(1) L
OW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .—The term ‘low-income community’ has the same mean-ing as when used in section 45D(e). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION PERIOD .—The term ‘consideration period’ means the 30-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which the Sec-retary receives notice under subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), as extended under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION PERIOD .—The term ‘determination period’ means the 90-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as extended under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(3) S
TATE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ includes any possession of the United States. ‘‘(d) N
UMBER OF DESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), the number of population cen-sus tracts in a State that may be designated as qualified opportunity zones under this section may not exceed 25 percent of the number of low-income communities in the State. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the number of low-in-come communities in a State is less than 100, then a total of 25 of such tracts may be des-ignated as qualified opportunity zones. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATION OF TRACTS CONTIGUOUS  W
ITHLOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A population census tract that is not a low-income community may be designated as a qualified opportunity zone under this section if— ‘‘(A) the tract is contiguous with the low- income community that is designated as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(B) the median family income of the tract does not exceed 125 percent of the median family income of the low-income community with which the tract is contiguous. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 5 percent of the population census tracts designated in a State as a qualified opportunity zone may be designated under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD FOR WHICH DESIGNATION ISI N E
FFECT .—A designation as a qualified oppor-tunity zone shall remain in effect for the pe-riod beginning on the date of the designation 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.052 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7728 December 1, 2017 
and ending at the close of the 10th calendar year beginning on or after such date of des-ignation. 
‘‘SEC. 1400Z–2. SPECIAL RULES FOR CAPITAL GAINS INVESTED IN OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of gain from the sale to, or exchange with, an unrelated person of any property held by the taxpayer, at the election of the taxpayer— ‘‘(1) gross income for the taxable year shall not include so much of such gain as does not exceed the aggregate amount invested by the taxpayer in a qualified opportunity fund dur-ing the 180-day period beginning on the date of such sale or exchange, ‘‘(2) the amount of gain excluded by para-graph (1) shall be included in gross income as provided by subsection (b), and ‘‘(3) subsection (c) shall apply. No election may be made under the pre-ceding sentence with respect to a sale or ex-change if an election previously made with respect to such sale or exchange is in effect. ‘‘(b) D
EFERRAL OF GAININVESTED IN OPPOR -
TUNITY ZONEPROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) Y
EAR OF INCLUSION .—Gain to which subsection (a)(2) applies shall be included in income in the taxable year which includes the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which such investment is sold or exchanged, or ‘‘(B) December 31, 2026. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT INCLUDIBLE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of gain in-cluded in gross income under subsection (a)(1) shall be the excess of— ‘‘(i) the lesser of the amount of gain ex-cluded under paragraph (1) or the fair mar-ket value of the property as determined as of the date described in paragraph (1), over ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s basis in the invest-ment. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF BASIS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this clause or subsection (c), the taxpayer’s basis in the investment shall be zero. ‘‘(ii) I
NCREASE FOR GAIN RECOGNIZED UNDER  
SUBSECTION (a)(2).—The basis in the invest-ment shall be increased by the amount of gain recognized by reason of subsection (a)(2) with respect to such property. ‘‘(iii) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 5 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held for at least 5 years, the basis of such investment shall be increased by an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(iv) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 7 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held by the tax-payer for at least 7 years, in addition to any adjustment made under clause (iii), the basis of such property shall be increased by an amount equal to 5 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INVESTMENTS HELD 
FOR AT LEAST 10 Y EARS .—In the case of any investment held by the taxpayer for at least 10 years and with respect to which the tax-payer makes an election under this clause, the basis of such property shall be equal to the fair market value of such investment on the date that the investment is sold or ex-changed. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND .—The term ‘qualified opportunity fund’ means any investment vehicle which is organized as a corporation or a partnership for the purpose of investing in qualified opportunity zone property (other than another qualified op-portunity fund) that holds at least 90 percent of its assets in qualified opportunity zone property, determined— ‘‘(A) on the last day of the first 6-month period of the taxable year of the fund, and ‘‘(B) on the last day of the taxable year of the fund. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PROP -
ERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone property’ means property which is— ‘‘(i) qualified opportunity zone stock, ‘‘(ii) qualified opportunity zone partner-ship interest, or ‘‘(iii) qualified opportunity zone business property. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE STOCK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘qualified opportunity zone stock’ means any stock in a domestic corporation if— ‘‘(I) such stock is acquired by the taxpayer after December 31, 2017, at its original issue (directly or through an underwriter) from the corporation solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(II) as of the time such stock was issued, such corporation was a qualified opportunity zone business (or, in the case of a new cor-poration, such corporation was being orga-nized for purposes of being a qualified oppor-tunity zone business), and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such stock, such corporation qualified as a qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(ii) R
EDEMPTIONS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 1202(c)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PART -
NERSHIP INTEREST .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone partnership interest’ means any capital or profits interest in a domestic partnership if— ‘‘(i) such interest is acquired by the tax-payer after December 31, 2017, from the part-nership solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(ii) as of the time such interest was ac-quired, such partnership was a qualified op-portunity zone business (or, in the case of a new partnership, such partnership was being organized for purposes of being a qualified opportunity zone business), and ‘‘(iii) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such interest, such partnership qualified as a qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(D) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSINESS  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone business property’ means tan-gible property used in a trade or business of the taxpayer if— ‘‘(I) such property was acquired by the tax-payer by purchase (as defined in section 179(d)(2)) after December 31, 2017, ‘‘(II) the original use of such property in the qualified opportunity zone commences with the taxpayer or the taxpayer substan-tially improves the property, and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such property, substantially all of the use of such property was in a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENT .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A)(ii), property shall be treated as substantially improved by the taxpayer only if, during any 30-month period beginning after the date of acquisition of such property, additions to basis with re-spect to such property in the hands of the taxpayer exceed an amount equal to the ad-justed basis of such property at the begin-ning of such 30-month period in the hands of the taxpayer. ‘‘(iii) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i), the related person rule of section 179(d)(2) shall be applied pursuant to paragraph (8) of this subsection in lieu of the application of such rule in section 179(d)(2)(A). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone business’ means a trade or business— ‘‘(i) in which substantially all of the tan-gible property owned or leased by the tax-payer is qualified opportunity zone business property, ‘‘(ii) which satisfies the requirements of paragraphs (2), (4), and (8) of section 1397C(b), and ‘‘(iii) which is not described in section 144(c)(6)(B). ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), tangible property that ceases to be a qualified opportunity zone business property shall continue to be treated as a qualified opportunity zone business property for the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 5 years after the date on which such tangible property ceases to be so qualified, or ‘‘(ii) the date on which such tangible prop-erty is no longer held by the qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE RULES .— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF INVESTMENTS WITH  
MIXED FUNDS .—In the case of any investment in a qualified opportunity fund only a por-tion of which consists of investments of gain to which an election under subsection (a)(1) is in effect— ‘‘(A) such investment shall be treated as 2 separate investments, consisting of— ‘‘(i) one investment that only includes amounts to which the election under sub-section (a)(1) applies, and ‘‘(ii) a separate investment consisting of other amounts, and ‘‘(B) subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall only apply to the investment described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PERSONS .—For purposes of this section, persons are related to each other if such persons are described in section 267(b) or 707(b)(1), determined by substituting ‘20 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ each place it oc-curs in such sections. ‘‘(3) D
ECEDENTS .—In the case of a decedent, amounts recognized under this section shall, if not properly includible in the gross income of the decedent, be includible in gross in-come as provided by section 691. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this section, including— ‘‘(A) rules for the certification of qualified opportunity funds for the purposes of this section, and ‘‘(B) rules to prevent abuse. ‘‘(f) F
AILURE OF QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY  F
UND TO MAINTAIN INVESTMENT STANDARD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a qualified oppor-tunity fund fails to meet the 90-percent re-quirement of subsection (c)(1), the qualified opportunity fund shall pay a penalty for each month it fails to meet the requirement in an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount equal to 90 percent of its aggregate assets, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of qualified op-portunity zone property held by the fund, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the underpayment rate established under section 6621(a)(2) for such month. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case that the qualified opportunity fund is a partnership, the penalty imposed by paragraph (1) shall be taken into account proportionately as part of the distributive share of each partner of the partnership. ‘‘(3) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—No penalty shall be imposed under this sub-section with respect to any failure if it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.050 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7729 December 1, 2017 
(b) B ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Section 1016(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (36), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (37) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(38) to the extent provided in subsections (b)(2) and (c) of section 1400Z–2.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER Z . OPPORTUNITY ZONES ’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1834. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. INVESTMENT CREDIT FOR ELEC-TRICITY GRID SECURITY AND MOD-ERNIZATION PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 48(a)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (vii), and by adding at the end the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(viii) grid security and modernization property.’’. (b) R
ATE OF CREDIT .—Section 48(a)(2)(A) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i)(IV); (2) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (3) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing new clause: ‘‘(ii) in the case of grid security and mod-ernization property— ‘‘(I) 4 percent for the taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2019, and ending be-fore January 1, 2021, ‘‘(II) 8 percent for the taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2020, and ending be-fore January 1, 2022, and ‘‘(III) 20 percent for taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2021, and’’. (c) G
RID SECURITY AND MODERNIZATION  P
ROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 48(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) G
RID SECURITY AND MODERNIZATION  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘grid security and modernization property’ means any qualified software, qualified automated dis-tribution device, advanced voltage control system, advanced metering property, and ad-vanced and secure transmission system tech-nologies. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED SOFTWARE .—The term ‘qualified software’ means any software which— ‘‘(i) is used to optimize efficiency or connectivity of the electrical grid, including detailed electrical models, modeling and simulation tools, distributed energy resource management systems used to control local generation and storage, and advanced dis-tribution management systems used as the software platform to provide core system functions such as fault location, isolation, and service restoration, voltage optimiza-tion, and peak demand management, ‘‘(ii) is developed with information assur-ance techniques to support encrypted com-munication, attributed identity, and non-re-pudiation, and ‘‘(iii) is approved for purposes of this sec-tion by the Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Energy). ‘‘(C) QUALIFIED AUTOMATED DISTRIBUTION  
DEVICE .—The term ‘qualified automated dis-tribution device’ means any automated de-vice which— ‘‘(i) is used for distributing electricity through the electric grid, including property integral to local or centralized control sys-tems, such as distribution sensors, commu-nication security equipment (including com-munication encryption devices), automated switches, automated threat detection and re-mediation devices, system protective de-vices, smart inverters, and other property used to coordinate and control devices across the system, and ‘‘(ii) is approved for purposes of this sec-tion by the Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Energy). ‘‘(D) A
DVANCED VOLTAGE CONTROL SYS -
TEMS .—The term ‘advanced voltage control system’ means any property which— ‘‘(i) is used to provide accurate and dy-namic voltage control, including voltage reg-ulators, capacitors, inverters, sensors, and communication devices, and ‘‘(ii) is approved for purposes of this sec-tion by the Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Energy). ‘‘(E) A
DVANCED METERING INFRASTRUC -
TURE .—The term ‘advanced metering infra-structure’ means any property which— ‘‘(i) provides both the capability to meas-ure services consumed from the utility and a two-way communication pathway between the utility control center and the meter, and ‘‘(ii) is approved for purposes of this sec-tion by the Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Energy). ‘‘(F) A
DVANCED AND SECURE TRANSMISSION  
SYSTEM TECHNOLOGIES .—The term ‘advanced and secure transmission system tech-nologies’ means any property which— ‘‘(i) increases that efficiency, security, and reliability of a transmission facility, but not the main transmission property, and ‘‘(ii) is approved for purposes of this sec-tion by the Secretary (in consultation with the Secretary of Energy).’’. (2) L
IST OF APPROVED PROPERTY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Sec-retary’s delegate), in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall publish a list of property approved as grid security and mod-ernization property under section 48(c)(5) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this subsection. (B) U
PDATES .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury (or the Secretary’s delegate), in con-sultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall revise the list published under subparagraph (A) not less frequently than every 3 years. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to periods after the date of the enactment of this Act, in taxable years ending after such date, under rules similar to the rules of section 48(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1990). 
SA 1835. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-self, Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. H ELLER , Mr. R
OBERTS , and Mr. T HUNE ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: On page 481, strike lines 14 through 19, and insert the following: (c) R
ULES RELATING TO CREDITS .— (1) D
ISALLOWANCE OF CREDITS AGAINST BASE  
EROSION TAX .—Paragraph (2) of section 26(b) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) section 59A (relating to base erosion and anti-abuse tax),’’. (2) A
LLOWANCE OF UNUSED BUSINESS CRED -
ITS.—Section 39(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) I
NCREASE IN CURRENT YEAR CREDIT FOR  
UNUSED CREDITS ARISING FROM BASE EROSION  
TAX.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer— ‘‘(i) is not an applicable taxpayer for the taxable year, but ‘‘(ii) was an applicable taxpayer during any of the 5 preceding taxable years, then the taxpayer’s current year business credit for the taxable year shall be increased by the unused base erosion credit amount for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) U
NUSED BASE EROSION CREDIT  
AMOUNT .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘unused base erosion credit amount’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the sum of the amounts determined under subparagraph (C) for any of the 5 pre-ceding years in which the taxpayer was an applicable taxpayer, over ‘‘(ii) any portion of the amount described in clause (i) taken into account under sub-paragraph (A) for any preceding taxable year. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION OF UNUSED AMOUNT .— The amount determined under this subpara-graph for any taxable year described in sub-paragraph (B)(i) shall be the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer’s base erosion minimum tax amount for the taxable year without re-gard to this section, over ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s base erosion minimum tax amount for the taxable year which would have been determined if section 59A(b)(1)(B) had been applied by taking into account under clause (ii) thereof the total credit al-lowed under section 38 for the taxable year rather than only the portion properly allo-cable to the research credit determined under section 41(a). ‘‘(D) A
PPLICABLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable tax-payer’ has the meaning given such term by section 59A(e).’’. 
SA 1836. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 480, between lines 11 and 12, insert the following: ‘‘(3) I
NCREASED RATE FOR CERTAIN BANKS  
AND SECURITIES DEALERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an appli-cable taxpayer described in subparagraph (B) for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) shall each be applied by substituting ‘11 percent’ for ‘10 percent’, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied by substituting ‘13.5 percent’ for ‘12.5 percent’. ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER DESCRIBED .—An applicable taxpayer is described in this subparagraph if such taxpayer is a member of an affiliated group (as defined in section 1504(a)(1)) which includes— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.050 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7730 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(i) a bank (as defined in section 581), or ‘‘(ii) a registered securities dealer under section 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On page 489, strike lines 3 through 19, and insert: ‘‘(g) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS  M
ADE IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF TRADE OR  B
USINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), any qualified derivative pay-ment shall not be treated as a base erosion payment. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED DERIVATIVE PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified de-rivative payment’ means any payment made by a taxpayer pursuant to a derivative with respect to which the taxpayer— ‘‘(i) recognizes gain or loss as if such deriv-ative were sold for its fair market value on the last business day of the taxable year (and such additional times as required by this title or the taxpayer’s method of account-ing), ‘‘(ii) treats any gain or loss so recognized as ordinary, and ‘‘(iii) treats the character of all items of income, deduction, gain, or loss with respect to a payment pursuant to the derivative as ordinary. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—No pay- ments shall be treated as qualified derivative payments under subparagraph (A) for any taxable year unless the taxpayer includes in the information required to be reported under section 6038B(b)(2) with respect to such taxable year such information as is nec-essary to identify the payments to be so treated and such other information as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the provisions of this subsection. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS FOR PAYMENTS OTHERWISE  
TREATED AS BASE EROSION PAYMENTS .—This subsection shall not apply to any qualified derivative payment if— ‘‘(A) the payment would be treated as a base erosion payment if it were not made pursuant to a derivative, including any in-terest, royalty, or service payment, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a contract which has de-rivative and nonderivative components, the payment is properly allocable to the non-derivative component. ‘‘(4) D
ERIVATIVE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘derivative’ means any contract (including any option, forward contract, futures contract, short po-sition, swap, or similar contract) the value of which, or any payment or other transfer with respect to which, is (directly or indi-rectly) determined by reference to one or more of the following: ‘‘(i) Any share of stock in a corporation. ‘‘(ii) Any evidence of indebtedness. ‘‘(iii) Any commodity which is actively traded. ‘‘(iv) Any currency. ‘‘(v) Any rate, price, amount, index, for-mula, or algorithm. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF AMERICAN DEPOSITORY  
RECEIPTS AND SIMILAR INSTRUMENTS .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, for purposes of this part, American depository receipts (and similar instruments) with re-spect to shares of stock in foreign corpora-tions shall be treated as shares of stock in such foreign corporations. ‘‘(h) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regulations— ‘‘(1) providing for such adjustments to the application of this section as are necessary to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this section, including through— ‘‘(A) the use of unrelated persons, conduit transactions, or other intermediaries, or ‘‘(B) transactions or arrangements de-signed, in whole or in part— ‘‘(i) to characterize payments otherwise subject to this section as payments not sub-ject to this section, or ‘‘(ii) to substitute payments not subject to this section for payments otherwise subject to this section and ‘‘(2) for the application of subsection (g), including rules to prevent the avoidance of the exceptions under subsection (g)(3). SA 1837. Mr. INHOFE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ONE-TIME WITHDRAWAL OF PENSION SAVINGS AT A 10-PERCENT TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 72 is amended by redesignating subsection (x) as subsection (y) and by inserting after subsection (w) the following new subsection: ‘‘(x) S
PECIAL RATE FOR DISTRIBUTIONS  F
ROMAPPLICABLE PLANS DURING 2018.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer receives 1 or more qualified distributions from 1 or more applicable retirement plans during the taxpayer’s first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by this chapter for such taxable year shall, in lieu of the tax otherwise imposed by this chapter, be equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) a tax computed at the rates and in the same manner as if this subsection had not been enacted on taxable income reduced by the aggregate qualified distributions of the taxpayer, plus ‘‘(ii) a tax of 10 percent of such qualified distributions (or, if less, taxable income), and ‘‘(B) no penalty or addition to tax shall be imposed with respect to such qualified dis-tributions. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED DISTRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified dis-tribution’ means, with respect to any appli-cable retirement plan, any applicable dis-tribution received by a taxpayer from the plan to the extent that such distribution, when added to all other applicable distribu-tions received by the taxpayer from the plan during such taxable year, does not exceed 25 percent of the aggregate balance to the cred-it of the individual (whether as a partici-pant, owner, or beneficiary) in the plan (de-termined as of the close of the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxable year begins). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE DISTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable dis-tribution’ means any distribution received by a taxpayer from an applicable retirement plan which is includible in gross income of the taxpayer. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION FOR REQUIRED DISTRIBU -
TIONS .—Such term shall not include any min-imum required distribution (as defined in section 4974(b)) from an applicable retire-ment plan for any taxable year and the 25- percent amount under subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by the amount of such dis-tributions. ‘‘(C) AGGREGATION .—A taxpayer may elect to treat all applicable retirement plans as 1 plan for purposes of applying this section and may allocate qualified distributions among such plans in such manner as speci-fied in the election. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘applicable retirement plan’ means— ‘‘(A) a defined contribution plan to which section 401(a) or 403(a) applies, ‘‘(B) an annuity contract under section 403(b), ‘‘(C) an eligible deferred compensation plan described in section 457(b) which is main-tained by an eligible employer described in section 457(e)(1)(A), or ‘‘(D) an individual retirement plan.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1838. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. MAXIMUM CONTRIBUTION LIMIT TO HEALTH SAVINGS ACCOUNT IN-CREASED TO 150 PERCENT OF THE AMOUNT OF DEDUCTIBLE AND OUT- OF-POCKET LIMITATION. 
(a) S ELF-ONLY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,250’’ and inserting ‘‘150 percent of the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(I)’’. (b) F
AMILY COVERAGE .—Section 223(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$4,500’’ and inserting ‘‘150 percent of the amount in effect under subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii)(II)’’. (c) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Section 223(g)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsections (b)(2) and’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘sub-section’’, and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘deter-mined by’’ and all that follows through ‘‘‘calendar year 2003’.’’ and inserting ‘‘deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2003’ for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B) thereof.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1839. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of part III of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11030. EXTENSION OF CARRYOVER PERIOD FOR ADOPTION TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 23(c)(2) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘fifth’’ and inserting ‘‘tenth’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1840. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.056 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7731 December 1, 2017 
MCCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 34, line 23, strike ‘‘trust or’’ and insert ‘‘trust (except for calendar year 2018) or’’ 
SA 1841. Mr. GARDNER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place in title I, insert the following: 
SEC. llll. BASE EROSION AND ANTI-ABUSE TAX IMPROVEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 59A(b), as added by section 14401 of this Act, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which are properly allo-cable to the research credit determined under section 41(a); ‘‘(II) the credits determined under section 45 (including the refined coal credit); and ‘‘(III) the energy credit determined under section 48(a) with respect to a facility or property the construction of which begins on or before January 1, 2020.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘(other than a credit described in subclause (II) or (III) of paragraph (1)(B)(ii))’’ after ‘‘allowed under this chapter’’. (b) R
EVENUE DEPENDENT PROPOSAL .—Sec- tion 59A(b), as amended by section 15004, if amended, is further amended by striking paragraph (2)(B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which are properly allo-cable to the research credit determined under section 41(a); ‘‘(ii) the credits determined under section 45 (including the refined coal credit); and ‘‘(iii) the energy credit determined under section 48(a) with respect to a facility or property the construction of which begins on or before January 1, 2020.’’. 
SA 1842. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 123, line 22, and in-sert the following: TITLE I 
SEC. 11000. SHORT TITLE, ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Individual Tax Reform PART I—TAX RATE REFORM SEC. 11001. MODIFICATION OF RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(j) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (i) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) this section (other than subsection (i)) shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) R
ATE TABLES .— ‘‘(A) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE -
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The fol- lowing table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (a): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $19,050 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400.$1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $140,000.$8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000.$22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000.$65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $1,000,000.$91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $1,000,000 ................. $301,479 plus 38.5% of the excess over $1,000,000. 
‘‘(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (b): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $13,600 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800.$1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000.$5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $149,348, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN  
SURVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (c): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700.$952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000.$4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The following table shall be ap-plied in lieu of the table contained in sub-section (d): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700.$952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000.$4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(E) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (e): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Over $2,550 but not over $9,150.$255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,500.$1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,500 ..................... $3,011.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $12,500. 
‘‘(F) R EFERENCES TO RATE TABLES .—Any reference in this title to a rate of tax under subsection (c) shall be treated as a reference to the corresponding rate bracket under sub-paragraph (C) of this paragraph, except that the reference in section 3402(q)(1) to the third lowest rate of tax applicable under sub-section (c) shall be treated as a reference to the fourth lowest rate of tax under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS , ELIMINATION OF MAR -
RIAGE PENALTY ; ETC.— ‘‘(A) N
O ADJUSTMENT IN 2018 .—The tables contained in paragraph (2) shall apply with-out adjustment for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe tables which shall apply in lieu of the tables contained in para-graph (2) in the same manner as under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (f), except that in prescribing such tables— ‘‘(i) subsection (f)(3) shall be applied by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (f)(7) shall not apply and— ‘‘(I) the maximum taxable income in each of the rate brackets in the table contained in paragraph (2)(A) (and the minimum taxable income in the next higher taxable income bracket with respect to each such bracket in such table) shall be 200 percent of the max-imum taxable income in the corresponding rate bracket in the table contained in para-graph (2)(C) (after any other adjustment under paragraph (3)), and ‘‘(II) the comparable taxable income amounts in the table contained in paragraph (2)(D) shall be 
1⁄2of the amounts determined under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN CHILDREN  
WITH UNEARNED INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a child to whom subsection (g) applies for the taxable year, the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall apply in lieu of the rule under sub-section (g)(1). ‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATIONS TO APPLICABLE RATE  
BRACKETS .—In determining the amount of tax imposed by this section for the taxable year on a child described in subparagraph (A), the income tax table otherwise applica-ble under this subsection to the child shall be applied with the following modifications: ‘‘(i) 24-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 24 percent shall not be more than the earned taxable income of such child. ‘‘(ii) 35-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 35 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 35-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(iii) 38.5-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The max-imum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 38.5 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 38.5-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.057 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7732 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(C) C OORDINATION WITH CAPITAL GAINS  
RATES .—For purposes of applying section 1(h) (after the modifications under paragraph (5))— ‘‘(i) the maximum zero rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(i)(IV) for the taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the maximum 15-percent rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(ii)(IV) for the taxable year. ‘‘(D) E
ARNED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘earned taxable income’ means, with respect to any child for any taxable year, the taxable in-come of such child reduced (but not below zero) by the net unearned income (as defined in subsection (g)(4)) of such child. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION OF CURRENT INCOME TAX  
BRACKETS TO CAPITAL GAINS BRACKETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1(h)(1) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘below the maximum zero rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 25 percent’ in subparagraph (B)(i), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘below the maximum 15-percent rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 39.6 percent’ in subparagraph (C)(ii)(I). ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS DEFINED .—For pur- poses of applying section 1(h) with the modi-fications described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) M
AXIMUM ZERO RATE AMOUNT .—The maximum zero rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $77,200 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is a head of household (as defined in section 2(b)), $51,700, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under clause (i), and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,600. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM 15 -PERCENT RATE AMOUNT .— The maximum 15-percent rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $479,000 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $452,400, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $425,800, and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,700. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under subsection (f)(3) for the cal-endar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(6) S
ECTION 15 NOT TO APPLY .—Section 15 shall not apply to any change in a rate of tax by reason of this subsection.’’. (b) D
UEDILIGENCE TAXPREPARER REQUIRE -
MENT WITHRESPECT TO HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD  F
ILING STATUS .—Subsection (g) of section 6695 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
AILURE TO BEDILIGENT IN DETER -
MINING ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN TAXBENE-FITS.—Any person who is a tax return pre-parer with respect to any return or claim for refund who fails to comply with due dili-gence requirements imposed by the Sec-retary by regulations with respect to deter-mining— ‘‘(1) eligibility to file as a head of house-hold (as defined in section 2(b)) on the re-turn, or ‘‘(2) eligibility for, or the amount of, the credit allowable by section 24, 25A(a)(1), or 32, shall pay a penalty of $500 for each such fail-ure.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11002. INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS BASED ON CHAINED CPI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (3) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living ad-justment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016, multi-plied by the amount determined under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—The amount determined under this clause is the amount obtained by dividing— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016, by ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ADJUSTMENTS WITH  
A BASE YEAR AFTER 2016 .—For purposes of any provision of this title which provides for the substitution of a year after 2016 for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016’ for ‘the CPI for calendar year 2016’ and all that follows in clause (ii) thereof.’’. (b) C-CPI-U.—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (7), by redes-ignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C-CPI-U.—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘C-CPI-U’ means the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor). The values of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers taken into account for purposes of determining the cost-of-living adjustment for any calendar year under this subsection shall be the latest values so published as of the date on which such Bureau publishes the initial value of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of August for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The C-CPI-U for any calendar year is the av-erage of the C-CPI-U as of the close of the 12- month period ending on August 31 of such calendar year.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO PERMANENT TAXTA-
BLES.—Section 1(f)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, determined by substituting ‘1992’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER INTERNAL REV-
ENUE CODE OF 1986 P ROVISIONS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’: (A) Section 23(h)(2). (B) Paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii) of section 25A(h). (C) Section 25B(b)(3)(B). (D) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(II), and clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (j)(1)(B), of section 32. (E) Section 36B(f)(2)(B)(ii)(II). (F) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(i). (G) Subsections (e)(3)(D)(ii) and (h)(3)(H)(i)(II) of section 42. (H) Section 45R(d)(3)(B)(ii). (I) Section 62(d)(3)(B). (J) Section 125(i)(2)(B). (K) Section 135(b)(2)(B)(ii). (L) Section 137(f)(2). (M) Section 146(d)(2)(B). (N) Section 147(c)(2)(H)(ii). (O) Section 179(b)(6)(A)(ii). (P) Subsections (b)(5)(C)(i)(II) and (g)(8)(B) of section 219. (Q) Section 220(g)(2). (R) Section 221(f)(1)(B). (S) Section 223(g)(1)(B). (T) Section 408A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (U) Section 430(c)(7)(D)(vii)(II). (V) Section 512(d)(2)(B). (W) Section 513(h)(2)(C)(ii). (X) Section 831(b)(2)(D)(ii). (Y) Section 877A(a)(3)(B)(i)(II). (Z) Section 2010(c)(3)(B)(ii). (AA) Section 2032A(a)(3)(B). (BB) Section 2503(b)(2)(B). (CC) Section 4261(e)(4)(A)(ii). (DD) Section 5000A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (EE) Section 6323(i)(4)(B). (FF) Section 6334(g)(1)(B). (GG) Section 6601(j)(3)(B). (HH) Section 6651(i)(1). (II) Section 6652(c)(7)(A). (JJ) Section 6695(h)(1). (KK) Section 6698(e)(1). (LL) Section 6699(e)(1). (MM) Section 6721(f)(1). (NN) Section 6722(f)(1). (OO) Section 7345(f)(2). (PP) Section 7430(c)(1). (QQ) Section 9831(d)(2)(D)(ii)(II). (2) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(ii) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘1(f)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)(3)(A)(ii)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) Section 42(h)(6)(G) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1987’’’ in clause (i)(II) and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘if the CPI for any calendar year’’ and all that follows in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘if the C-CPI-U for any calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) exceeds the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year by more than 5 percent, the C-CPI-U for the base calendar year shall be increased such that such excess shall never be taken into account under clause (i). In the case of a base calendar year before 2017, the C-CPI-U for such year shall be determined by multi-plying the CPI for such year by the amount determined under section 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (4) Section 132(f)(6)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (5) Section 162(o)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘adjusted for changes in the Consumer Price Index (as defined in section 1(f)(5)) since 1991’’ and inserting ‘‘adjusted by increasing any such amount under the 1991 agreement by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1990’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (6) So much of clause (ii) of section 213(d)(10)(B) as precedes the last sentence is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:16 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7733 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(ii) M EDICAL CARE COST ADJUSTMENT .—For purposes of clause (i), the medical care cost adjustment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the medical care component of the C- CPI-U (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) for Au-gust of the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(II) such component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for August of 1996, multi-plied by the amount determined under sec-tion 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (7) Section 877(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (8) Section 911(b)(2)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (9) Paragraph (2) of section 1274A(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any debt instrument arising out of a sale or exchange during any calendar year after 1989, each dollar amount contained in the preceding provisions of this section shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1988’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (10) Section 4161(b)(2)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (11) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (12) Section 6039F(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof shall be applied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘2016’’’. (13) Section 7872(g)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTMENT OF LIMIT FOR INFLATION .— In the case of any loan made during any cal-endar year after 1986, the dollar amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1985’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME OF PASS-THRU ENTI-TIES 
SEC. 11011. DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSI-NESS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 199A. QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there shall be al-lowed as a deduction for any taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the combined qualified business in-come amount of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 17.4 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) any net capital gain (as defined in sec-tion 1(h)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) COMBINED QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘combined qualified business income amount’ means, with respect to any taxable year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the sum of the amounts determined under paragraph (2) for each qualified trade or business carried on by the taxpayer, plus ‘‘(B) 17.4 percent of the aggregate amount of the qualified REIT dividends and qualified cooperative dividends of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNT  
FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amount determined under this paragraph with re-spect to any qualified trade or business is the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 17.4 percent of the taxpayer’s qualified business income with respect to the qualified trade or business, or ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the W-2 wages with re-spect to the qualified trade or business. ‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE WAGE LIMIT  
BASED ON TAXABLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FROM WAGE LIMIT .—In the case of any taxpayer whose taxable income for the taxable year does not exceed the threshold amount, paragraph (2) shall be ap-plied without regard to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN OF LIMIT FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) the taxable income of a taxpayer for any taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, but does not exceed the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), and ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this subparagraph) with respect to any quali-fied trade or business carried on by the tax-payer is less than the amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) with respect such trade or business, then paragraph (2) shall be applied with re-spect to such trade or business without re-gard to subparagraph (B) thereof and by re-ducing the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A) thereof by the amount deter-mined under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—The amount determined under this subparagraph is the amount which bears the same ratio to the excess amount as— ‘‘(I) the amount by which the taxpayer’s taxable income for the taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(II) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS AMOUNT .—For purposes of clause (ii), the excess amount is the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(A) (determined without regard to this paragraph), over ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this paragraph). ‘‘(4) W
AGES , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘W-2 wages’ means, with respect to any person for any taxable year of such person, the amounts de-scribed in paragraphs (3) and (8) of section 6051(a) paid by such person with respect to employment of employees by such person during the calendar year ending during such taxable year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION TO WAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO  
QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not prop-erly allocable to qualified business income for purposes of subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(C) RETURN REQUIREMENT .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not properly included in a return filed with the Social Security Administration on or before the 60th day after the due date (including ex-tensions) for such return. ‘‘(5) A
CQUISITIONS , DISPOSITIONS , AND SHORT  
TAXABLE YEARS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the application of this subsection in cases of a short taxable year or where the taxpayer acquires, or disposes of, the major portion of a trade or business or the major portion of a separate unit of a trade or busi-ness during the taxable year. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness income’ means, for any taxable year, the net amount of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF LOSSES .—If the net amount of qualified income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to qualified trade or businesses of the taxpayer amount for any taxable year is less than zero, such amount shall be treated as a loss from a qualified trade or business in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ITEMS OF INCOME , GAIN, DE-
DUCTION , AND LOSS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss’ means items of income, gain, deduction, and loss to the extent such items are— ‘‘(i) effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of section 864(c), determined by substituting ‘qualified trade or business (within the meaning of section 199A)’ for ‘nonresident alien individual or a foreign corporation’ or for ‘a foreign corpora-tion’ each place it appears), and ‘‘(ii) included or allowed in determining taxable income for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following invest-ment items shall not be taken into account as a qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, or loss: ‘‘(i) Any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss. ‘‘(ii) Any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G). ‘‘(iii) Any interest income other than in-terest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business. ‘‘(iv) Any item of gain or loss described in subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (applied by substituting ‘qualified trade or business’ for ‘controlled foreign corpora-tion’). ‘‘(v) Any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items at-tributable to notional principal contracts en-tered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)). ‘‘(vi) Any amount received from an annu-ity which is not received in connection with the trade or business. ‘‘(vii) Any item of deduction or loss prop-erly allocable to an amount described in any of the preceding clauses. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REASONABLE COMPENSA -
TION AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS .—Qualified business income shall not include— ‘‘(A) reasonable compensation paid to the taxpayer by any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer for services rendered with re-spect to the trade or business, ‘‘(B) any guaranteed payment described in section 707(c) paid to a partner for services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7734 December 1, 2017 
rendered with respect to the trade or busi-ness, and ‘‘(C) to the extent provided in regulations, any payment described in section 707(a) to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or business. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified trade or business’ means any trade or business other than a specified service trade or busi-ness. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SERVICE TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified service trade or business’ means— ‘‘(i) any trade or business involving the performance of services described in section 1202(e)(3)(A), including investing and invest-ment management, trading, or dealing in se-curities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), part-nership interests, or commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SPECIFIED SERVICE BUSI -
NESSES BASED ON TAXPAYER ’S INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year, the taxable income of any taxpayer is less than the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), then— ‘‘(i) the exception under paragraph (1) shall not apply to specified service trades or busi-nesses of the taxpayer for the taxable year, but ‘‘(ii) only the applicable percentage of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, or loss, and the W-2 wages, of the taxpayer allocable to such specified service trades or businesses shall be taken into account in computing the qualified business income and W-2 wages of the taxpayer for the taxable year for purposes of applying this section. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘applica-ble percentage’ means, with respect to any taxable year, 100 percent reduced (not below zero) by the percentage equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year in excess of the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(ii) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(e) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) T
AXABLE INCOME .—Taxable income shall be computed without regard to the de-duction allowable under this section. ‘‘(2) T
HRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘threshold amount’ means $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount in paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED REIT DIVIDEND .—The term ‘qualified REIT dividend’ means any divi-dend from a real estate investment trust re-ceived during the taxable year which— ‘‘(A) is not a capital gain dividend, as de-fined in section 857(b)(3), and ‘‘(B) is not qualified dividend income, as defined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVIDEND .— The term ‘qualified cooperative dividend’ means any patronage dividend (as defined in section 1388(a)), any per-unit retain alloca-tion (as defined in section 1388(f)), and any qualified written notice of allocation (as de-fined in section 1388(c)), or any similar amount received from an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii), which— ‘‘(A) is includible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) is received from— ‘‘(i) an organization or corporation de-scribed in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a), or ‘‘(ii) an organization which is governed under this title by the rules applicable to co-operatives under this title before the enact-ment of subchapter T. ‘‘(f) SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a partner-ship or S corporation— ‘‘(i) this section shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, ‘‘(ii) each partner or shareholder shall take into account such person’s allocable share of each qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, and loss, and ‘‘(iii) each partner or shareholder shall be treated for purposes of subsection (b) as hav-ing W-2 wages for the taxable year in an amount equal to such person’s allocable share of the W-2 wages of the partnership or S corporation for the taxable year (as deter-mined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary). For purposes of clause (iii), a partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of W-2 wages shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of wage expenses. For purposes of this sub-paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION TO TRUSTS AND ES -
TATES .—This section shall not apply to any trust or estate. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRADES OR BUSINESS IN  
PUERTO RICO .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-payer with qualified business income from sources within the commonwealth of Puerto Rico, if all such income is taxable under sec-tion 1 for such taxable year, then for pur-poses of determining the qualified business income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, the term ‘United States’ shall include the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLYING WAGE LIM -
ITATION .—In the case of any taxpayer de-scribed in clause (i), the determination of W- 2 wages of such taxpayer with respect to any qualified trade or business conducted in Puerto Rico shall be made without regard to any exclusion under section 3401(a)(8) for re-muneration paid for services in Puerto Rico. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH MINIMUM TAX .—For purposes of determining alternative min-imum taxable income under section 55, qualified business income shall be deter-mined without regard to any adjustments under sections 56 through 59. ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION LIMITED TO INCOME TAXES .— The deduction under subsection (a) shall only be allowed for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, in-cluding regulations— ‘‘(A) for requiring or restricting the alloca-tion of items and wages under this section and such reporting requirements as the Sec-retary determines appropriate, and ‘‘(B) for the application of this section in the case of tiered entities. ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2025.’’. (b) A
CCURACY -RELATED PENALTY ON DETER -
MINATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Sec- tion 6662(d)(1) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXPAYERS CLAIM -
ING SECTION 199A DEDUCTION .—In the case of any taxpayer who claims the deduction al-lowed under section 199A for the taxable year, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 170(b)(2)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (iv), by re-designating clause (v) as clause (vi), and by inserting after clause (iv) the following new clause: ‘‘(v) section 199A, and’’. (2) Section 172(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME DEDUC -
TION.—The deduction under section 199A shall not be allowed.’’. (3) Section 246(b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘199A,’’ before ‘‘243(a)(1)’’. (4) Section 613(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199A’’ after ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by redes-ignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (B), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) any deduction allowable under section 199A,’’. (6) The table of sections for part VI of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 199A. Qualified business income.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11012. LIMITATION ON LOSSES FOR TAX-PAYERS OTHER THAN CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 461 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON EXCESS BUSINESS  L
OSSES OF NONCORPORATE TAXPAYERS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—In the case of taxable year of a taxpayer other than a corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (j) (relating to limitation on excess farm losses of certain taxpayers) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) any excess business loss of the tax-payer for the taxable year shall not be al-lowed. ‘‘(2) D
ISALLOWED LOSS CARRYOVER .—Any loss which is disallowed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as a net operating loss car-ryover to the following taxable year under section 172. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS BUSINESS LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess busi-ness loss’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate deductions of the tax-payer for the taxable year which are attrib-utable to trades or businesses of such tax-payer (determined without regard to whether or not such deductions are disallowed for such taxable year under paragraph (1)), over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate gross income or gain of such taxpayer for the taxable year which is attributable to such trades or businesses, plus ‘‘(II) $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $250,000 amount in sub-paragraph (A)(ii)(II) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7735 December 1, 2017 
such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF SUBSECTION IN CASE OF  
PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation— ‘‘(A) this subsection shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, and ‘‘(B) each partner’s or shareholder’s allo-cable share of the items of income, gain, de-duction, or loss of the partnership or S cor-poration for any taxable year from trades or businesses attributable to the partnership or S corporation shall be taken into account by the partner or shareholder in applying this subsection to the taxable year of such part-ner or shareholder with or within which the taxable year of the partnership or S corpora-tion ends. For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe such additional report-ing requirements as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 469 .—This subsection shall be applied after the applica-tion of section 469.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—TAX BENEFITS FOR FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS 
SEC. 11021. INCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 63 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) I
NCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION .— Paragraph (2) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$18,000’ for ‘$4,400’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$12,000’ for ‘$3,000’ in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) shall not apply to the dollar amounts contained in paragraphs (2)(B) and (2)(C). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT OF INCREASED AMOUNTS .— In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $18,000 and $12,000 amounts in sub-paragraph (A) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) DEFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—In lieu of subsection (d), the following provi-sions shall apply for purposes of the credit allowable under this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The aggregate credits allowed to a taxpayer under subpart C shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the credit which would be allowed under this section without regard to this paragraph and the limitation under section 26(a), or ‘‘(ii) the amount by which the aggregate amount of credits allowed by this subpart (determined without regard to this para-graph) would increase if the limitation im-posed by section 26(a) were increased by an amount equal to the sum of the taxpayer’s payroll taxes for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) P
AYROLL TAXES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘payroll taxes’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the amount of the taxes imposed by— ‘‘(I) section 1401 on the self-employment in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year, ‘‘(II) section 3101 on wages received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(III) section 3111 on wages paid by an em-ployer with respect to employment of the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(IV) sections 3201(a) and 3211(a) on com-pensation received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, and ‘‘(V) section 3221(a) on compensation paid by an employer with respect to services ren-dered by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL REFUND OF  
PAYROLL TAXES .—The term ‘payroll taxes’ shall not include any taxes to the extent the taxpayer is entitled to a special refund of such taxes under section 6413(c). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts paid pursuant to an agreement under section 3121(l) (relating to agreements entered into by American employers with respect to for-eign affiliates) which are equivalent to the taxes referred to in subclause (II) or (III) of clause (i) shall be treated as taxes referred to in such clause. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any tax-able year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11023. INCREASED LIMITATION FOR CER-TAIN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(b)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H) and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) I
NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON -
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any con-tribution of cash to an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the total amount of such contributions which may be taken into account under subsection (a) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, shall not exceed 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base for such year. ‘‘(ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) ex-ceeds the applicable limitation under clause (i) for any taxable year described in such clause, such excess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with the rules of sub-section (d)(1)) as a charitable contribution to which clause (i) applies in each of the 5 suc-ceeding years in order of time. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPHS  
(A) AND (B) .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Contributions taken into account under this subparagraph shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION REDUCTION .—Subpara- graphs (A) and (B) shall be applied for each taxable year described in clause (i), and each taxable year to which any contribution under this subparagraph is carried over under clause (ii), by reducing (but not below zero) the aggregate contribution limitation allowed for the taxable year under each such subparagraph by the aggregate contributions allowed under this subparagraph for such taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11024. INCREASED CONTRIBUTIONS TO ABLE ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION FOR CONTRIBU -
TIONS FROM COMPENSATION OF INDIVIDUALS  W
ITHDISABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529A(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) except in the case of contributions under subsection (c)(1)(C), if such contribu-tion to an ABLE account would result in ag-gregate contributions from all contributors to the ABLE account for the taxable year ex-ceeding the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount in effect under section 2503(b) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, plus ‘‘(ii) in the case of any contribution by a designated beneficiary described in para-graph (7) before January 1, 2026, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) compensation (as defined by section 219(f)(1)) includible in the designated bene-ficiary’s gross income for the preceding tax-able year, or ‘‘(II) an amount equal to the poverty line for a one-person household, as determined for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxable year begins.’’. (2) E
LIGIBLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .— Section 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7736 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(7) S PECIAL RULES RELATED TO CONTRIBU -
TION LIMIT .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .—A des- ignated beneficiary described in this para-graph is an employee (including an employee within the meaning of section 401(c)) with re-spect to whom— ‘‘(i) no contribution is made for the taxable year to a defined contribution plan (within the meaning of section 414(i)) with respect to which the requirements of section 401(a) or 403(a) are met, ‘‘(ii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an annuity contract described in section 403(b), and ‘‘(iii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an eligible deferred compensa-tion plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(B) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given such term by section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902).’’. (b) A
LLOWANCE OF SAVER ’SCREDIT FOR  ABLE C
ONTRIBUTIONS BY ACCOUNT HOLDER .— Section 25B(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by in-serting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the amount of contributions made be-fore January 1, 2026, by such individual to the ABLE account (within the meaning of section 529A) of which such individual is the designated beneficiary.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11025. ROLLOVERS TO ABLE PROGRAMS FROM 529 PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 529(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(III) before January 1, 2026, to an ABLE account (as defined in section 529A(e)(6)) of the designated beneficiary or a member of the family of the designated beneficiary. Subclause (III) shall not apply to so much of a distribution which, when added to all other contributions made to the ABLE account for the taxable year, exceeds the limitation under section 529A(b)(2)(B).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11026. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with respect to the applicable period, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) QUALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger), for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) A
PPLICABLE PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after June 9, 2015, which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—In the case of subsection (a)(5), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11027. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITA-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUD-ING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCAR-CERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Pro-tecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11028. UNBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS 529 ACCOUNT BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF UNBORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing shall prevent an unborn child from being treated as a des-ignated beneficiary or an individual under this section. ‘‘(B) U
NBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) C
HILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapiens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11029. RELIEF FOR MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA FLOOD DISASTER AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area’’ means any area— (1) with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act before September 3, 2016, by reason of severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana during August of 2016, or (2) with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act before March 31, 2016, by reason of severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana, Texas, and Mississippi during March of 2016. (b) SPECIAL RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT  F
UNDS WITHRESPECT TO MISSISSIPPI DELTA  A
REAS DAMAGED BY 2016 F LOODING .— (1) T
AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RE -
TIREMENT PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified Mississippi River Delta flood-ing distribution. (B) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distribu-tions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (I) $100,000, over (II) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (ii) T
REATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (with-out regard to clause (i)) be a qualified Mis-sissippi River Delta flooding distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any re-quirement of this title merely because the plan treats such distribution as a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such dis-tributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (iii) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of clause (ii), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single em-ployer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution may, at any time dur-ing the 3-year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contribu-tions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligi-ble retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover con-tribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (ii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS  
OTHER THAN IRAS .—For purposes of this title, if a contribution is made pursuant to clause (i) with respect to a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution from an el-igible retirement plan other than an indi-vidual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the con-tribution, be treated as having received the qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution in an eligible rollover distribu-tion (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986) and as having transferred the amount to the eligible retire-ment plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (iii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribu-tion is made pursuant to clause (i) with re-spect to a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution from an individual re-tirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7737 December 1, 2017 
408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (D) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— (i) Q
UALIFIED MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA  
FLOODING DISTRIBUTION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘qualified Mis-sissippi River Delta flooding distribution’’ means— (I) any distribution from an eligible retire-ment plan made on or after August 11, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode on August 11, 2016, was located in the portion of Mississippi River Delta disaster area described in sub-section (a)(1) and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(1), or (II) any distribution from an eligible re-tirement plan made on or after March 1, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode on March 1, 2016, was located in the portion of Mississippi River Delta disaster area described in sub-section (a)(2) and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(2). (ii) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (E) I
NCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR  
PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied Mississippi River Delta flooding dis-tribution, unless the taxpayer elects not to have this subparagraph apply for any taxable year, any amount required to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included ratably over the 3-taxable-year period beginning with such taxable year. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of clause (i), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 shall apply. (F) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (ii) Q
UALIFIED MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA  
FLOODING DISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS MEETING  
PLAN DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS .—For pur- poses of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution shall be treated as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If this paragraph applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii)(I). (B) A
MENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—This paragraph shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract which is made— (I) pursuant to any provision of this sec-tion, or pursuant to any regulation under any provision of this section; and (II) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2018, or such later date as the Secretary pre-scribes. In the case of a governmental plan (as de-fined in section 414(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986), subclause (II) shall be ap-plied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under subclause (II). (ii) CONDITIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to any amendment unless— (I) during the period— (aa) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in clause (i)(I) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or con-tract amendment not required by this sec-tion or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan); and (bb) ending on the date described in clause (i)(II) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or con-tract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect; and (II) such plan or contract amendment ap-plies retroactively for such period. (c) S
PECIAL RULES FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES RELATED TO LOUISIANA SEVERE  S
TORMS AND FLOODING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross in-come of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be in-creased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduc-tion as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) N
ET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-re-lated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses’’ means losses de-scribed in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise— (A) in the portion of the Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area described in sub-section (a)(1) on or after August 11, 2016, and which are attributable to the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(1), or (B) in the portion of the Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area described in sub-section (a)(2) on or after March 1, 2016, and which are attributable to the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(2). PART IV—EDUCATION 
SEC. 11031. TREATMENT OF STUDENT LOANS DIS-CHARGED ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGES ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR  
DISABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, gross income for any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, does not include any amount which (but for this subsection) would be in-cludible in gross income for such taxable year by reasons of the discharge (in whole or in part) of any loan described in subpara-graph (B) if such discharge was— ‘‘(i) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan liability), ‘‘(ii) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or ‘‘(iii) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. ‘‘(B) LOANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subparagraph if such loan is— ‘‘(i) a student loan (as defined in paragraph (2)), or ‘‘(ii) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protec-tion Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to dis-charges of indebtedness after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11032. INCREASE IN DEDUCTION FOR TEACHER EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (D) of sec-tion 62(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$250’’ and inserting ‘‘$250 ($500 in the case of tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART V—DEDUCTIONS AND EXCLUSIONS 
SEC. 11041. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 151 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ in para-graph (4) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), in the case of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION AMOUNT .—The term ‘ex-emption amount’ means zero. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—For purposes of any other provision of this title, the reduction of the exemption amount to zero under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be taken into ac-count in determining whether a deduction is allowed or allowable, or whether a taxpayer is entitled to a deduction, under this sec-tion.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO ESTATES AND TRUSTS .— Section 642(b)(2)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the ex-emption amount under section 151(d)’. ‘‘(II) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(aa) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(bb) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7738 December 1, 2017 
(c) E XCEPTION FOR WAGE WITHHOLDING  R
ULES .—Section 3402(a) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the amount of one personal exemption pro-vided in section 151(b)’. ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR DETERMINING PROPERTY  E
XEMPT FROM LEVY.—Section 6334(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall not apply and for purposes of paragraph (1) the term ‘exempt amount’ means an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the sum of the amount determined under subparagraph (B) and the standard de-duction, divided by ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the amount determined under this subparagraph is $4,150 multiplied by the number of the taxpayer’s dependents for the taxable year in which the levy oc-curs. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFIED STATEMENT .—Unless the tax-payer submits to the Secretary a written and properly verified statement specifying the facts necessary to determine the proper amount under subparagraph (A), subpara-graph (A) shall be applied as if the taxpayer were a married individual filing a separate return with no dependents.’’. (e) P
ERSONS REQUIRED TO MAKE RETURNS  
OFINCOME .—Section 6012 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subsection (a)(1) shall not apply, and every individual who has gross in-come for the taxable year shall be required to make returns with respect to income taxes under subtitle A, except that a return shall not be required of— ‘‘(1) an individual who is not married (de-termined by applying section 7703) and who has gross income for the taxable year which does not exceed the standard deduction ap-plicable to such individual for such taxable year under section 63, or ‘‘(2) an individual entitled to make a joint return if— ‘‘(A) the gross income of such individual, when combined with the gross income of such individual’s spouse, for the taxable year does not exceed the standard deduction which would be applicable to the taxpayer for such taxable year under section 63 if such individual and such individual’s spouse made a joint return, ‘‘(B) such individual and such individual’s spouse have the same household as their home at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(C) such individual’s spouse does not make a separate return, and ‘‘(D) neither such individual nor such indi-vidual’s spouse is an individual described in section 63(c)(5) who has income (other than earned income) in excess of the amount in ef-fect under section 63(c)(5)(A). The amount specified in paragraph (1) or (2)(A) shall be increased by the amount of 1 additional standard deduction (within the meaning of section 63(c)(3)) in the case of an individual entitled to such deduction by rea-son of section 63(f)(1)(A) (relating to individ-uals age 65 or more), and by the amount of each additional standard deduction to which the individual or the individual’s spouse is entitled by reason of section 63(f)(1).’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11042. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any real property or per-sonal property taxes, other than taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212, and ‘‘(B) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to any State or local taxes.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11043. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR HOME EQUITY INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(h)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, or after December 31, 2025,’’ before ‘‘home eq-uity indebtedness’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11044. MODIFICATION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 165 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of any loss of an individual described in subsection (c)(3) which (but for this paragraph) would be de-ductible in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026 (without regard to any election under sub-section (i), such loss shall be allowed only to the extent it is attributable to a Federally declared disaster (as defined in subsection (i)(5)). The preceding sentence shall not apply to any deduction under section 172 which is carried to such a taxable year from a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to losses in-curred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. SEC. 11045. SUSPENSION OF MISCELLANEOUS ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 67 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no miscellaneous itemized deduction shall be allowed for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11046. SUSPENSION OF OVERALL LIMITA-TION ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 68 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) S
ECTION NOT TO APPLY .—This section shall not apply to any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11047. MODIFICATION OF EXCLUSION OF GAIN FROM SALE OF PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 121 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR SALES OR EX-
CHANGES IN TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH  2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In applying this section with respect to sales or exchanges after De-cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) ‘8-year’ shall be substituted for ‘5- year’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(I), and (c)(1)(B)(i)(I) and para-graphs (7), (9), (10), and (12) of subsection (d), ‘‘(B) ‘5 years’ shall be substituted for ‘2 years’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(III), and (c)(1)(B)(ii), and ‘‘(C) ‘5-year’ shall be substituted for ‘2- year’ in subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any sale or exchange with respect to which there was a written binding contract in effect before January 1, 2018, and at all times thereafter before the sale or exchange.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales and exchanges after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11048. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED BICYCLE COMMUTING REIMBURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) S
USPENSION OF QUALIFIED BICYCLE COM -
MUTING REIMBURSEMENT EXCLUSION .—Para- graph (1)(D) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11049. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED MOVING EXPENSE REIM-BURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(g) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘For purposes of this sec-tion, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—Except in the case of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty who moves pursuant to a military order and incident to a permanent change of station, subsection (a)(6) shall not 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7739 December 1, 2017 
apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11050. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR MOVING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) S
USPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR TAX-
ABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2025.—Except in the case of an individual to whom subsection (g) applies, this section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11051. LIMITATION ON WAGERING LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, the term ‘losses from wagering transactions’ includes any deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter incurred in carrying on any wa-gering transaction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART VI—INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION 
SEC. 11061. INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2010(c)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NCREASE IN BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNT .—In the case of estates of decedents dying or gifts made after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘$10,000,000’ for ‘$5,000,000’.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (g) of section 2001 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g) M
ODIFICATIONS TO TAXPAYABLE .— ‘‘(1) M
ODIFICATIONS TO GIFT TAX PAYABLE TO  
REFLECT DIFFERENT TAX RATES .—For pur- poses of applying subsection (b)(2) with re-spect to 1 or more gifts, the rates of tax under subsection (c) in effect at the dece-dent’s death shall, in lieu of the rates of tax in effect at the time of such gifts, be used both to compute— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by chapter 12 with re-spect to such gifts, and ‘‘(B) the credit allowed against such tax under section 2505, including in computing— ‘‘(i) the applicable credit amount under section 2505(a)(1), and ‘‘(ii) the sum of the amounts allowed as a credit for all preceding periods under section 2505(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS TO ESTATE TAX PAYABLE  
TO REFLECT DIFFERENT BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or ap-propriate to carry out this section with re-spect to any difference between— ‘‘(A) the basic exclusion amount under sec-tion 2010(c)(3) applicable at the time of the decedent’s death, and ‘‘(B) the basic exclusion amount under such section applicable with respect to any gifts made by the decedent.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of decedents dying and gifts made after Decem-ber 31, 2017. PART VII—TAXPAYER RIGHTS AND TAX ADMINISTRATION SEC. 11071. EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT FOR CON-TESTING IRS LEVY. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TIME FOR RETURN OF  P
ROPERTY SUBJECT TO LEVY.—Subsection (b) of section 6343 is amended by striking ‘‘9 months’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’. (b) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATION ON SUITS.—Sub- section (c) of section 6532 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘9 months’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘2 years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘9-month’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) levies made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and (2) levies made on or before such date if the 9-month period has not expired under section 6343(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (without regard to this section) as of such date. 
SEC. 11072. INDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON IMPROPER LEVY ON RETIREMENT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6343 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) I
NDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON  W
RONGFUL LEVY, ETC. ON RETIREMENT  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an individual’s account or benefit under an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) has been levied upon in a case to which subsection (b) or (d)(2)(A) applies and property or an amount of money is returned to the individual— ‘‘(A) the individual may contribute such property or an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount of money so returned by the Secretary, and ‘‘(ii) interest paid under subsection (c) on such amount of money, into such eligible retirement plan if such contribution is permitted by the plan, or into an individual retirement plan (other than an endowment contract) to which a rollover contribution of a distribution from such eligible retirement plan is permitted, but only if such contribution is made not later than the due date (not including exten-sions) for filing the return of tax for the tax-able year in which such property or amount of money is returned, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall, at the time such property or amount of money is returned, notify such individual that a contribution described in subparagraph (A) may be made. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS ROLLOVER .—The dis- tribution on account of the levy and any contribution under paragraph (1) with re-spect to the return of such distribution shall be treated for purposes of this title as if such distribution and contribution were described in section 402(c), 402A(c)(3), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), 408A(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), whichever is applicable; except that— ‘‘(A) the contribution shall be treated as having been made for the taxable year in which the distribution on account of the levy occurred, and the interest paid under sub-section (c) shall be treated as earnings with-in the plan after the contribution and shall not be included in gross income, and ‘‘(B) such contribution shall not be taken into account under section 408(d)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) R
EFUND , ETC., OF INCOME TAX ON  
LEVY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If any amount is includ-ible in gross income for a taxable year by reason of a distribution on account of a levy referred to in paragraph (1) and any portion of such amount is treated as a rollover con-tribution under paragraph (2), any tax im-posed by chapter 1 on such portion shall not be assessed, and if assessed shall be abated, and if collected shall be credited or refunded as an overpayment made on the due date for filing the return of tax for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a rollover contribution under this subsection which is made from an eligi-ble retirement plan which is not a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account (within the meaning of section 402A) to a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account under an eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(4) I
NTEREST .—Notwithstanding sub-section (d), interest shall be allowed under subsection (c) in a case in which the Sec-retary makes a determination described in subsection (d)(2)(A) with respect to a levy upon an individual retirement plan. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF INHERITED ACCOUNTS .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), section 408(d)(3)(C) shall be disregarded in deter-mining whether an individual retirement plan is a plan to which a rollover contribu-tion of a distribution from the plan levied upon is permitted.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid under subsections (b), (c), and (d)(2)(A) of section 6343 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11073. MODIFICATION OF USER FEE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR INSTALLMENT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6159 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NSTALLMENT AGREEMENT FEES.— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON FEE AMOUNT .—The amount of any fee imposed on an installment agreement under this section may not exceed the amount of such fee as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REIMBURSEMENT .—In the case of any taxpayer with an adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the ap-plicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary)— ‘‘(A) if the taxpayer has agreed to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit in-strument, no fee shall be imposed on an in-stallment agreement under this section, and ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer is unable to make pay-ments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instru-ment, the Secretary shall, upon completion of the installment agreement, pay the tax-payer an amount equal to any such fees im-posed.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agree-ments entered into on or after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11074. FORM 1040SR FOR SENIORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available a form, to be known as ‘‘Form 1040SR’’, for use by individuals to file the return of tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Such form shall be as similar as practicable to Form 1040EZ, except that— (1) the form shall be available only to indi-viduals who have attained age 65 as of the close of the taxable year, (2) the form may be used even if income for the taxable year includes— (A) social security benefits (as defined in section 86(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), (B) distributions from qualified retirement plans (as defined in section 4974(c) of such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7740 December 1, 2017 
Code), annuities or other such deferred pay-ment arrangements, (C) interest and dividends, or (D) capital gains and losses taken into ac-count in determining adjusted net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(3) of such Code), and (3) the form shall be available without re-gard to the amount of any item of taxable income or the total amount of taxable in-come for the taxable year. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The form required by subsection (a) shall be made available for taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending before Jan-uary 1, 2026. 
SEC. 11075. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON IMPROV-ING CUSTOMER SERVICE AND PRO-TECTIONS FOR TAXPAYERS BY REIN-STATING APPROPRIATE FUNDING LEVELS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that politi-cally motivated budget cuts— (1) are counterproductive to deficit reduc-tion, (2) diminish the ability of the Internal Revenue Service to adequately serve tax-payers and protect taxpayer information, and (3) reduce the ability of the Internal Rev-enue Service to enforce the law. 
SEC. 11076. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by inserting after section 7526 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7526A. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
‘‘(a) V OLUNTEER INCOME TAXASSISTANCE  M
ATCHING GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary, through the Internal Revenue Service, shall establish a Community Volun-teer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘VITA grant program’). Except as otherwise provided in this section, the VITA grant program shall be administered in a manner which is substantially similar to the Community Volunteer Income Tax Assist-ance matching grants demonstration pro-gram established under title I of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008. ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriated funds, make available grants under the VITA grant program to provide matching funds for the development, expansion, or continuation of qualified return preparation programs as-sisting low-income taxpayers and members of underserved populations. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), in order to be eligible for a grant under this section, a qualified return preparation pro-gram shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary reasonably requires. ‘‘(ii) A
CCURACY REVIEW .—In the case of any qualified return preparation program which was awarded a grant under this section and was subsequently subject to a field site visit by the Internal Revenue Service (including through the Stakeholder Partnerships, Edu-cation, and Communication office) in which it was determined that the average accuracy rate for preparation of tax returns through such program was less than 90 percent, such program shall not be eligible for any addi-tional grants under this section unless such program provides, as part of their applica-tion, sufficient documentation regarding the corrective measures established by such pro-gram to address the deficiencies identified following the field site visit. ‘‘(C) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications— ‘‘(i) demonstrating assistance to low-in-come taxpayers, with emphasis on outreach to and services for such taxpayers, ‘‘(ii) demonstrating taxpayer outreach and educational activities relating to eligibility and availability of income supports available through the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, such as the earned income tax credit, and ‘‘(iii) demonstrating specific outreach and focus on one or more underserved popu-lations. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Upon applica-tion of a qualified return preparation pro-gram, the Secretary is authorized to award a multi-year grant not to exceed 3 years. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE LIMITATION .—Unless other-wise provided by specific appropriation, the Secretary shall not allocate more than $30,000,000 per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Qualified return prepara-tion programs receiving a grant under this section may use the grant for— ‘‘(A) ordinary and necessary costs associ-ated with program operation in accordance with Cost Principles Circulars as set forth by the Office of Management and Budget, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) for wages or salaries of persons coordi-nating the activities of the program, ‘‘(ii) to develop training materials, conduct training, and perform quality reviews of the returns for which assistance has been pro-vided under the program, and ‘‘(iii) for equipment purchases and vehicle- related expenses associated with remote or rural tax preparation services, ‘‘(B) outreach and educational activities described in subsection (a)(2)(C)(ii), and ‘‘(C) services related to financial education and capability, asset development, and the establishment of savings accounts in connec-tion with tax return preparation. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF GRANTS FOR OVERHEAD EX -
PENSES PROHIBITED .—No grant made under this section may be used for overhead ex-penses that are not directly related to any qualified return preparation program. ‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION AND REFERRAL .— ‘‘(1) P
ROMOTION .—The Secretary shall pro-mote the benefits of, and encourage the use of, tax preparation through qualified return preparation programs through the use of mass communications, referrals, and other means. ‘‘(2) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE REFER -
RALS .—The Secretary shall refer taxpayers to qualified return preparation programs re-ceiving funding under this section. ‘‘(3) VITA 
GRANTEE REFERRAL .—Qualified return preparation programs receiving a grant under this section are encouraged to refer, as appropriate, to local or regional Low Income Taxpayer Clinics individuals who are eligible to receive services at such clinics. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘qualified return prepara-tion program’ means any program— ‘‘(A) which provides assistance to individ-uals, not less than 90 percent of whom are low-income taxpayers, in preparing and fil-ing Federal income tax returns, ‘‘(B) which is administered by a qualified entity, ‘‘(C) in which all of the volunteers who as-sist in the preparation of Federal income tax returns meet the training requirements pre-scribed by the Secretary, and ‘‘(D) which uses a quality review process which reviews 100 percent of all returns. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified en-tity’ means any entity which— ‘‘(i) is an eligible organization (as de-scribed in subparagraph (B)), ‘‘(ii) is in compliance with Federal tax fil-ing and payment requirements, ‘‘(iii) is not debarred or suspended from Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, and ‘‘(iv) agrees to provide documentation to substantiate any matching funds provided under the VITA grant program. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the term ‘eligible organization’ means— ‘‘(I) an institution of higher education which is described in section 102 (other than subsection (a)(1)(C) thereof) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1088), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and which has not been disqualified from participating in a program under title IV of such Act, ‘‘(II) an organization described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, ‘‘(III) a local government agency, includ-ing— ‘‘(aa) a county or municipal government agency, and ‘‘(bb) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13)), including any tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4(22) of such Act (25 U.S.C. 4103(22))), tribal subsidiary, subdivision, or other wholly owned tribal entity, or ‘‘(IV) a local, State, regional, or national coalition (with one lead organization which meets the eligibility requirements of sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) acting as the applicant organization). ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE ELIGIBLE ORGANIZA -
TION.—If no eligible organization described in clause (i) is available to assist the tar-geted population or community, the term ‘eligible organization’ shall include— ‘‘(I) a State government agency, and ‘‘(II) a Cooperative Extension Service of-fice. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME TAXPAYERS .—The term ‘low-income taxpayer’ means a taxpayer who has income for the taxable year which does not exceed an amount equal to the com-pleted phaseout amount under section 32(b) for a married couple filing a joint return with three or more qualifying children, as determined in a revenue procedure or other published guidance. ‘‘(4) U
NDERSERVED POPULATION .—The term ‘underserved population’ includes popu-lations of persons with disabilities, persons with limited English proficiency, Native Americans, individuals living in rural areas, members of the Armed Forces and their spouses, and the elderly.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 7526 the following new item: ‘‘7526A. Return preparation programs for low-income taxpayers.’’. 
SEC. 11077. FREE FILE PROGRAM. 
(a) The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall continue to oper-ate the IRS Free File Program as established by the Internal Revenue Service and pub-lished in the Federal Register on November 4, 2002 (67 Fed. Reg. 67247), including any sub-sequent agreements and governing rules es-tablished pursuant thereto. (b) The IRS Free File Program shall con-tinue to provide free commercial-type online individual income tax preparation and elec-tronic filing services to the lowest 70 percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7741 December 1, 2017 
of taxpayers by income. The number of tax-payers eligible to receive such services each year shall be calculated by the Internal Rev-enue Service annually based on prior year aggregate taxpayer adjusted gross income data. (c) In addition to the services described in subsection (b), and in the same manner, the IRS Free File Program shall continue to make available to all taxpayers (without re-gard to income) a basic, online electronic fillable forms utility. (d) The IRS Free File Program shall con-tinue to work cooperatively with the private sector to provide the free individual income tax preparation and the electronic filing services described in subsections (b) and (c). (e) The IRS Free File Program shall work cooperatively with State government agen-cies to enhance and expand the use of the program to provide needed benefits to the taxpayer while reducing the cost of proc-essing returns. (f) Nothing in this section is intended to impact the continuity of services provided under Taxpayer Assistance Centers, Tax Counseling for the Elderly, and Volunteer In-come Tax Assistance programs. 
SEC. 11078. ATTORNEYS’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 62(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(21) A
TTORNEYS ’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS  
TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any deduction allowable under this chapter for attorney fees and court costs paid by, or on behalf of, the tax-payer in connection with any award under— ‘‘(i) section 7623(b), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, any action brought under— ‘‘(I) section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u-6), ‘‘(II) a State law relating to false or fraud-ulent claims that meets the requirements de-scribed in section 1909(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396h(b)), or ‘‘(III) section 23 of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 26). ‘‘(B) M
AY NOT EXCEED AWARD .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not apply to any deduction in excess of the amount includible in the tax-payer’s gross income for the taxable year on account of such award.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11079. CLARIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER AWARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) P
ROCEEDS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘proceeds’ includes— ‘‘(1) penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts provided under the internal revenue laws, and ‘‘(2) any proceeds arising from laws for which the Internal Revenue Service is au-thorized to administer, enforce, or inves-tigate, including— ‘‘(A) criminal fines and civil forfeitures, and ‘‘(B) violations of reporting require-ments.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘collected proceeds (in-cluding penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts) resulting from the action’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds collected as a result of the action’’. (b) A
MOUNT OF PROCEEDS DETERMINED  W
ITHOUT REGARD TO AVAILABILITY .—Para- graphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without regard to whether such proceeds are available to the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘in re-sponse to such action’’. (c) DISPUTED AMOUNT THRESHOLD .—Section 7623(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘tax, penalties, interest, additions to tax, and ad-ditional amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to informa-tion provided before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which a final determination for an award has not been made before such date of enact-ment. PART VIII—INDIVIDUAL MANDATE 
SEC. 11081. ELIMINATION OF SHARED RESPONSI-BILITY PAYMENT FOR INDIVIDUALS FAILING TO MAINTAIN MINIMUM ES-SENTIAL COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2018. Subtitle B—Alternative Minimum Tax 
SEC. 12001. REPEAL OF TAX FOR CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by striking ‘‘There’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(c)(6) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) C
ORPORATIONS .—In the case of a cor-poration, this subsection shall be applied by treating the corporation as having a ten-tative minimum tax of zero.’’. (2)(A) Section 55(b)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT OF TENTATIVE TAX .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The tentative minimum tax for the taxable year is the sum of— ‘‘(i) 26 percent of so much of the taxable excess as does not exceed $175,000, plus ‘‘(ii) 28 percent of so much of the taxable excess as exceeds $175,000. The amount determined under the preceding sentence shall be reduced by the alternative minimum tax foreign tax credit for the tax-able year. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE EXCESS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘taxable excess’ means so much of the alternative minimum taxable income for the taxable year as ex-ceeds the exemption amount. ‘‘(C) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUAL FILING SEPARATE  
RETURN .—In the case of a married individual filing a separate return, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting 50 percent of the dollar amount otherwise applicable under clause (i) and cause (ii) thereof. For purposes of the preceding sentence, marital status shall be determined under section 7703.’’. (B) Section 59(a) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of section 55(b)(1) (whichever applies) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1 or 11 (whichever applies)’’ in para-graph (1)(C) and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the amount determined under the first sen-tence of section 55(b)(1).’’. (C) Section 897(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)’’. (D) Section 911(f) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’. (3) Section 55(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, the section 936 credit allowable under sec-tion 27(b), and the Puerto Rico economic ac-tivity credit under section 30A’’. (4) Section 55(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, (B) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (D), and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(i) and inserting ‘‘(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(iii) and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (5) Section 55 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (6)(A) Section 56 is amended by striking subsections (c) and (g). (B) Section 847 is amended by striking the last sentence of paragraph (9). (C) Section 848 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (7) Section 58(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (8) Section 59 is amended by striking sub-sections (b) and (f). (9) Section 11(d) is amended by striking ‘‘the taxes imposed by subsection (a) and sec-tion 55’’ and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by subsection (a)’’. (10) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (7). (11) Section 168(k) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (12) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 55,’’. (13) Section 962(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 11 and 55’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11’’. (14) Section 1561(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (3), and (B) by striking the last sentence. (15) Section 6425(c)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by section 11 or 1201(a), or subchapter L of chapter 1, which-ever is applicable, over’’. (16) Section 6655(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and alternative minimum taxable in-come’’ each place it appears in subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i). (17) Section 6655(g)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking clause (ii), and by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 12002. SUSPENSION OF TAX ON INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new flush sentence: ‘‘No tax shall be imposed by this section for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, and the tentative minimum tax of any taxpayer for any such taxable year shall be zero for pur-poses of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7742 December 1, 2017 
SEC. 12003. CREDIT FOR PRIOR YEAR MINIMUM TAX LIABILITY. 
(a) C REDITS TREATED AS REFUNDABLE .— Section 53 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ORTION OF CREDIT TREATED AS RE-
FUNDABLE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning in 2018, 2019, 2020, or 2021, the limitation under subsection (c) shall be increased by the AMT refundable credit amount for such year. ‘‘(2) AMT 
REFUNDABLE CREDIT AMOUNT .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the AMT re-fundable credit amount is an amount equal to 50 percent (100 percent in the case of a taxable year beginning in 2021) of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the minimum tax credit determined under subsection (b) for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the minimum tax credit allowed under subsection (a) for such year (before the appli-cation of this subsection for such year). ‘‘(3) C
REDIT REFUNDABLE .—For purposes of this title (other than this section), the credit allowed by reason of this subsection shall be treated as a credit allowed under subpart C (and not this subpart). ‘‘(4) S
HORT TAXABLE YEARS .—In the case of any taxable year of less than 365 days, the AMT refundable credit amount determined under paragraph (2) with respect to such tax-able year shall be the amount which bears the same ratio to such amount determined without regard to this paragraph as the num-ber of days in such taxable year bears to 365.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCES .—Section 53(d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) AMT 
TERM REFERENCES .—In the case of a corporation, any references in this sub-section to section 55, 56, or 57 shall be treat-ed as a reference to such section as in effect before the amendments made by Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1374(b)(3)(B) is amended by striking the last sentence thereof. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The amend-ment made by subsection (c) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021. Subtitle C—Business-related Provisions PART I—CORPORATE PROVISIONS Subpart A—20.94-percent Tax Rate 
SEC. 13001. 20.94-PERCENT CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 11 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.—The amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 20.94 percent of taxable income.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 11(b)’’: (A) Section 280C(c)(3)(B)(ii)(II). (B) Paragraphs (2)(B) and (6)(A)(ii) of sec-tion 860E(e). (C) Section 7874(e)(1)(B) (2)(A) Part I of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1201 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graphs (4) and (6), and by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (4). (C) Section 453A(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 1201 (whichever is appropriate)’’. (D) Section 527(b) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(b) TAXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (E) Sections 594(a) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (F) Section 691(c)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘1201,’’. (G) Section 801(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (H) Section 831(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (I) Sections 832(c)(5) and 834(b)(1)(D) are each amended by striking ‘‘sec. 1201 and fol-lowing,’’. (J) Section 852(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11(b)’’. (K) Section 857(b)(3) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, (ii) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ in clause (i) thereof and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, (II) by striking ‘‘the tax imposed by sub-paragraph (A)(ii)’’ in clauses (ii) and (iv) thereof and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by paragraph (1) on undistributed capital gain’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’, and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) U
NDISTRIBUTED CAPITAL GAIN .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘undis-tributed capital gain’ means the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561) de-termined with reference to capital gain divi-dends only.’’. (L) Section 882(a)(1), as amended by section 12001, is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (M) Section 904(b) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’ in paragraph (2)(C), (ii) by striking paragraph (3)(D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) C
APITAL GAIN RATE DIFFERENTIAL .— There is a capital gain rate differential for any year if subsection (h) of section 1 applies to such taxable year.’’, and (iii) by striking paragraph (3)(E) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E) R
ATE DIFFERENTIAL PORTION .—The rate differential portion of foreign source net capital gain, net capital gain, or the excess of net capital gain from sources within the United States over net capital gain, as the case may be, is the same proportion of such amount as— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the highest rate of tax set forth in sub-section (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) of section 1 (whichever applies), over ‘‘(II) the alternative rate of tax determined under section 1(h), bears to ‘‘(ii) that rate referred to in subclause (I).’’. (N) Section 1374(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (O) Section 1381(b) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (P) Sections 6425(c)(1)(A), as amended by section 12001, and 6655(g)(1)(A)(i) are each amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a),’’. (Q) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (3)(A) Section 1445(e)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the gain’’ and inserting ‘‘multiplied by the gain’’. (B) Section 1445(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘35 percent of the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b) multiplied by the amount’’. (C) Section 1445(e)(6) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the amount’’ and in-serting ‘‘multiplied by the amount’’. (D) Section 1446(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (4) Section 852(b)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (5)(A) Part I of subchapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking section 1551 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 535(c)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) CROSS REFERENCE .—For limitation on credit provided in paragraph (2) or (3) in the case of certain controlled corporations, see section 1561.’’. (6)(A) Section 1561, as amended by section 12001, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1561. LIMITATION ON ACCUMULATED EARNINGS CREDIT IN THE CASE OF CERTAIN CONTROLLED CORPORA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The component mem-bers of a controlled group of corporations on a December 31 shall, for their taxable years which include such December 31, be limited for purposes of this subtitle to one $250,000 ($150,000 if any component member is a cor-poration described in section 535(c)(2)(B)) amount for purposes of computing the accu-mulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3). Such amount shall be di-vided equally among the component mem-bers of such group on such December 31 un-less the Secretary prescribes regulations per-mitting an unequal allocation of such amount. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN SHORT TAXABLE YEARS .—If a corporation has a short taxable year which does not include a December 31 and is a com-ponent member of a controlled group of cor-porations with respect to such taxable year, then for purposes of this subtitle, the amount to be used in computing the accumu-lated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3) of such corporation for such taxable year shall be the amount specified in sub-section (a) with respect to such group, di-vided by the number of corporations which are component members of such group on the last day of such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, section 1563(b) shall be applied as if such last day were sub-stituted for December 31.’’. (B) The table of sections for part II of sub-chapter B of chapter 5 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1561 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1561. Limitation on accumulated earn-ings credit in the case of cer-tain controlled corporations.’’. (7) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘With respect to the por-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a tax-payer other than a corporation, with respect to the portion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(34 percent in the case of a corporation)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7743 December 1, 2017 
(2) W ITHHOLDING .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(3) shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2018. (3) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(6) shall apply to transfers made after December 31, 2018. (d) N
ORMALIZATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A normalization method of accounting shall not be treated as being used with respect to any public utility prop-erty for purposes of section 167 or 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if the tax-payer, in computing its cost of service for ratemaking purposes and reflecting oper-ating results in its regulated books of ac-count, reduces the excess tax reserve more rapidly or to a greater extent than such re-serve would be reduced under the average rate assumption method. (2) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—If, as of the first day of the taxable year that includes the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the taxpayer was required by a regu-latory agency to compute depreciation for public utility property on the basis of an av-erage life or composite rate method, and (B) the taxpayer’s books and underlying records did not contain the vintage account data necessary to apply the average rate as-sumption method, the taxpayer will be treated as using a nor-malization method of accounting if, with re-spect to such jurisdiction, the taxpayer uses the alternative method for public utility property that is subject to the regulatory authority of that jurisdiction. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
XCESS TAX RESERVE .—The term ‘‘ex-cess tax reserve’’ means the excess of— (i) the reserve for deferred taxes (as de-scribed in section 168(i)(9)(A)(ii) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) as determined under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, over (ii) the amount which would be the balance in such reserve if the amount of such reserve were determined by assuming that the cor-porate rate reductions provided in this Act were in effect for all prior periods. (B) A
VERAGE RATE ASSUMPTION METHOD .— The average rate assumption method is the method under which the excess in the re-serve for deferred taxes is reduced over the remaining lives of the property as used in its regulated books of account which gave rise to the reserve for deferred taxes. Under such method, if timing differences for the prop-erty reverse, the amount of the adjustment to the reserve for the deferred taxes is cal-culated by multiplying— (i) the ratio of the aggregate deferred taxes for the property to the aggregate timing dif-ferences for the property as of the beginning of the period in question, by (ii) the amount of the timing differences which reverse during such period. (C) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD .—The ‘‘alter-native method’’ is the method in which the taxpayer— (i) computes the excess tax reserve on all public utility property included in the plant account on the basis of the weighted average life or composite rate used to compute depre-ciation for regulatory purposes, and (ii) reduces the excess tax reserve ratably over the remaining regulatory life of the property. (4) T
AX INCREASED FOR NORMALIZATION VIO -
LATION .—If, for any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act, the taxpayer does not use a normalization meth-od of accounting, the taxpayer’s tax for the taxable year shall be increased by the amount by which it reduces its excess tax re-serve more rapidly than permitted under a normalization method of accounting. SA 1843. Mr. RUBIO (for himself and Mr. L
EE) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 1, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 123, line 22, and in-sert the following: TITLE I 
SEC. 11000. SHORT TITLE, ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Individual Tax Reform PART I—TAX RATE REFORM 
SEC. 11001. MODIFICATION OF RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(j) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (i) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) this section (other than subsection (i)) shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) R
ATE TABLES .— ‘‘(A) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE -
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The fol- lowing table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (a): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $19,050 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400.$1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $140,000.$8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000.$22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000.$65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $1,000,000.$91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $1,000,000 ................. $301,479 plus 38.5% of the excess over $1,000,000. 
‘‘(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (b): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $13,600 .............. 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800.$1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000.$5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $149,348, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN  
SURVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (c): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700.$952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000.$4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The following table shall be ap-plied in lieu of the table contained in sub-section (d): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700.$952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000.$4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000.$11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000.$32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000.$45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(E) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (e): ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: 
Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150.$255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,500.$1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,500 ..................... $3,011.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $12,500. 
‘‘(F) R EFERENCES TO RATE TABLES .—Any reference in this title to a rate of tax under subsection (c) shall be treated as a reference to the corresponding rate bracket under sub-paragraph (C) of this paragraph, except that the reference in section 3402(q)(1) to the third lowest rate of tax applicable under sub-section (c) shall be treated as a reference to the fourth lowest rate of tax under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS , ELIMINATION OF MAR -
RIAGE PENALTY ; ETC.— ‘‘(A) N
O ADJUSTMENT IN 2018 .—The tables contained in paragraph (2) shall apply with-out adjustment for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe tables which shall apply in lieu of the tables contained in para-graph (2) in the same manner as under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (f), except that in prescribing such tables— ‘‘(i) subsection (f)(3) shall be applied by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (f)(7) shall not apply and— ‘‘(I) the maximum taxable income in each of the rate brackets in the table contained in paragraph (2)(A) (and the minimum taxable income in the next higher taxable income bracket with respect to each such bracket in such table) shall be 200 percent of the max-imum taxable income in the corresponding rate bracket in the table contained in para-graph (2)(C) (after any other adjustment under paragraph (3)), and ‘‘(II) the comparable taxable income amounts in the table contained in paragraph (2)(D) shall be 
1⁄2of the amounts determined under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN CHILDREN  
WITH UNEARNED INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a child to whom subsection (g) applies for the taxable year, the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall apply in lieu of the rule under sub-section (g)(1). ‘‘(B) M
ODIFICATIONS TO APPLICABLE RATE  
BRACKETS .—In determining the amount of tax imposed by this section for the taxable 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.055 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7744 December 1, 2017 
year on a child described in subparagraph (A), the income tax table otherwise applica-ble under this subsection to the child shall be applied with the following modifications: ‘‘(i) 24-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 24 percent shall not be more than the earned taxable income of such child. ‘‘(ii) 35-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 35 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 35-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(iii) 38.5-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The max-imum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 38.5 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 38.5-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH CAPITAL GAINS  
RATES .—For purposes of applying section 1(h) (after the modifications under paragraph (5))— ‘‘(i) the maximum zero rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(i)(IV) for the taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the maximum 15-percent rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(ii)(IV) for the taxable year. ‘‘(D) E
ARNED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘earned taxable income’ means, with respect to any child for any taxable year, the taxable in-come of such child reduced (but not below zero) by the net unearned income (as defined in subsection (g)(4)) of such child. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION OF CURRENT INCOME TAX  
BRACKETS TO CAPITAL GAINS BRACKETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1(h)(1) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘below the maximum zero rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 25 percent’ in subparagraph (B)(i), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘below the maximum 15-percent rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 39.6 percent’ in subparagraph (C)(ii)(I). ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS DEFINED .—For pur- poses of applying section 1(h) with the modi-fications described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) M
AXIMUM ZERO RATE AMOUNT .—The maximum zero rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $77,200 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is a head of household (as defined in section 2(b)), $51,700, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under clause (i), and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,600. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM 15 -PERCENT RATE AMOUNT .— The maximum 15-percent rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $479,000 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $452,400, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $425,800, and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,700. ‘‘(C) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under subsection (f)(3) for the cal-endar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(6) S
ECTION 15 NOT TO APPLY .—Section 15 shall not apply to any change in a rate of tax by reason of this subsection.’’. (b) D
UEDILIGENCE TAXPREPARER REQUIRE -
MENT WITHRESPECT TO HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD  F
ILING STATUS .—Subsection (g) of section 6695 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
AILURE TO BEDILIGENT IN DETER -
MINING ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN TAXBENE-
FITS.—Any person who is a tax return pre-parer with respect to any return or claim for refund who fails to comply with due dili-gence requirements imposed by the Sec-retary by regulations with respect to deter-mining— ‘‘(1) eligibility to file as a head of house-hold (as defined in section 2(b)) on the re-turn, or ‘‘(2) eligibility for, or the amount of, the credit allowable by section 24, 25A(a)(1), or 32, shall pay a penalty of $500 for each such fail-ure.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11002. INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS BASED ON CHAINED CPI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (3) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living ad-justment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016, multi-plied by the amount determined under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—The amount determined under this clause is the amount obtained by dividing— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016, by ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ADJUSTMENTS WITH  
A BASE YEAR AFTER 2016 .—For purposes of any provision of this title which provides for the substitution of a year after 2016 for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016’ for ‘the CPI for calendar year 2016’ and all that follows in clause (ii) thereof.’’. (b) C-CPI-U.—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (7), by redes-ignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C-CPI-U.—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘C-CPI-U’ means the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor). The values of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers taken into account for purposes of determining the cost-of-living adjustment for any calendar year under this subsection shall be the latest values so published as of the date on which such Bureau publishes the initial value of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of August for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) DETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The C-CPI-U for any calendar year is the av-erage of the C-CPI-U as of the close of the 12- month period ending on August 31 of such calendar year.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO PERMANENT TAXTA-
BLES.—Section 1(f)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, determined by substituting ‘1992’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER INTERNAL REV-
ENUE CODE OF 1986 P ROVISIONS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’: (A) Section 23(h)(2). (B) Paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii) of section 25A(h). (C) Section 25B(b)(3)(B). (D) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(II), and clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (j)(1)(B), of section 32. (E) Section 36B(f)(2)(B)(ii)(II). (F) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(i). (G) Subsections (e)(3)(D)(ii) and (h)(3)(H)(i)(II) of section 42. (H) Section 45R(d)(3)(B)(ii). (I) Section 62(d)(3)(B). (J) Section 125(i)(2)(B). (K) Section 135(b)(2)(B)(ii). (L) Section 137(f)(2). (M) Section 146(d)(2)(B). (N) Section 147(c)(2)(H)(ii). (O) Section 179(b)(6)(A)(ii). (P) Subsections (b)(5)(C)(i)(II) and (g)(8)(B) of section 219. (Q) Section 220(g)(2). (R) Section 221(f)(1)(B). (S) Section 223(g)(1)(B). (T) Section 408A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (U) Section 430(c)(7)(D)(vii)(II). (V) Section 512(d)(2)(B). (W) Section 513(h)(2)(C)(ii). (X) Section 831(b)(2)(D)(ii). (Y) Section 877A(a)(3)(B)(i)(II). (Z) Section 2010(c)(3)(B)(ii). (AA) Section 2032A(a)(3)(B). (BB) Section 2503(b)(2)(B). (CC) Section 4261(e)(4)(A)(ii). (DD) Section 5000A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (EE) Section 6323(i)(4)(B). (FF) Section 6334(g)(1)(B). (GG) Section 6601(j)(3)(B). (HH) Section 6651(i)(1). (II) Section 6652(c)(7)(A). (JJ) Section 6695(h)(1). (KK) Section 6698(e)(1). (LL) Section 6699(e)(1). (MM) Section 6721(f)(1). (NN) Section 6722(f)(1). (OO) Section 7345(f)(2). (PP) Section 7430(c)(1). (QQ) Section 9831(d)(2)(D)(ii)(II). (2) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(ii) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘1(f)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)(3)(A)(ii)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) Section 42(h)(6)(G) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1987’’’ in clause (i)(II) and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘if the CPI for any calendar year’’ and all that follows in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘if the C-CPI-U for any calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) exceeds the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7745 December 1, 2017 
more than 5 percent, the C-CPI-U for the base calendar year shall be increased such that such excess shall never be taken into account under clause (i). In the case of a base calendar year before 2017, the C-CPI-U for such year shall be determined by multi-plying the CPI for such year by the amount determined under section 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (4) Section 132(f)(6)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (5) Section 162(o)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘adjusted for changes in the Consumer Price Index (as defined in section 1(f)(5)) since 1991’’ and inserting ‘‘adjusted by increasing any such amount under the 1991 agreement by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1990’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (6) So much of clause (ii) of section 213(d)(10)(B) as precedes the last sentence is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) M
EDICAL CARE COST ADJUSTMENT .—For purposes of clause (i), the medical care cost adjustment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the medical care component of the C- CPI-U (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) for Au-gust of the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(II) such component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for August of 1996, multi-plied by the amount determined under sec-tion 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (7) Section 877(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (8) Section 911(b)(2)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (9) Paragraph (2) of section 1274A(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any debt instrument arising out of a sale or exchange during any calendar year after 1989, each dollar amount contained in the preceding provisions of this section shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1988’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (10) Section 4161(b)(2)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (11) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (12) Section 6039F(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof shall be applied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘2016’’’. (13) Section 7872(g)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) A
DJUSTMENT OF LIMIT FOR INFLATION .— In the case of any loan made during any cal-endar year after 1986, the dollar amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1985’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME OF PASS-THRU ENTI-TIES 
SEC. 11011. DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSI-NESS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 199A. QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there shall be al-lowed as a deduction for any taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the combined qualified business in-come amount of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 17.4 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) any net capital gain (as defined in sec-tion 1(h)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) C
OMBINED QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘combined qualified business income amount’ means, with respect to any taxable year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the sum of the amounts determined under paragraph (2) for each qualified trade or business carried on by the taxpayer, plus ‘‘(B) 17.4 percent of the aggregate amount of the qualified REIT dividends and qualified cooperative dividends of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNT  
FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amount determined under this paragraph with re-spect to any qualified trade or business is the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 17.4 percent of the taxpayer’s qualified business income with respect to the qualified trade or business, or ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the W-2 wages with re-spect to the qualified trade or business. ‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE WAGE LIMIT  
BASED ON TAXABLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FROM WAGE LIMIT .—In the case of any taxpayer whose taxable income for the taxable year does not exceed the threshold amount, paragraph (2) shall be ap-plied without regard to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) P
HASE -IN OF LIMIT FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) the taxable income of a taxpayer for any taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, but does not exceed the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), and ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this subparagraph) with respect to any quali-fied trade or business carried on by the tax-payer is less than the amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) with respect such trade or business, then paragraph (2) shall be applied with re-spect to such trade or business without re-gard to subparagraph (B) thereof and by re-ducing the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A) thereof by the amount deter-mined under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—The amount determined under this subparagraph is the amount which bears the same ratio to the excess amount as— ‘‘(I) the amount by which the taxpayer’s taxable income for the taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(II) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(iii) EXCESS AMOUNT .—For purposes of clause (ii), the excess amount is the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(A) (determined without regard to this paragraph), over ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this paragraph). ‘‘(4) W
AGES , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘W-2 wages’ means, with respect to any person for any taxable year of such person, the amounts de-scribed in paragraphs (3) and (8) of section 6051(a) paid by such person with respect to employment of employees by such person during the calendar year ending during such taxable year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION TO WAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO  
QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not prop-erly allocable to qualified business income for purposes of subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(C) R
ETURN REQUIREMENT .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not properly included in a return filed with the Social Security Administration on or before the 60th day after the due date (including ex-tensions) for such return. ‘‘(5) A
CQUISITIONS , DISPOSITIONS , AND SHORT  
TAXABLE YEARS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the application of this subsection in cases of a short taxable year or where the taxpayer acquires, or disposes of, the major portion of a trade or business or the major portion of a separate unit of a trade or busi-ness during the taxable year. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness income’ means, for any taxable year, the net amount of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF LOSSES .—If the net amount of qualified income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to qualified trade or businesses of the taxpayer amount for any taxable year is less than zero, such amount shall be treated as a loss from a qualified trade or business in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ITEMS OF INCOME , GAIN, DE-
DUCTION , AND LOSS .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss’ means items of income, gain, deduction, and loss to the extent such items are— ‘‘(i) effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of section 864(c), determined by substituting ‘qualified trade or business (within the meaning of section 199A)’ for ‘nonresident alien individual or a foreign corporation’ or for ‘a foreign corpora-tion’ each place it appears), and ‘‘(ii) included or allowed in determining taxable income for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following invest-ment items shall not be taken into account as a qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, or loss: ‘‘(i) Any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss. ‘‘(ii) Any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7746 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(iii) Any interest income other than in-terest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business. ‘‘(iv) Any item of gain or loss described in subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (applied by substituting ‘qualified trade or business’ for ‘controlled foreign corpora-tion’). ‘‘(v) Any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items at-tributable to notional principal contracts en-tered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)). ‘‘(vi) Any amount received from an annu-ity which is not received in connection with the trade or business. ‘‘(vii) Any item of deduction or loss prop-erly allocable to an amount described in any of the preceding clauses. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REASONABLE COMPENSA -
TION AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS .—Qualified business income shall not include— ‘‘(A) reasonable compensation paid to the taxpayer by any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer for services rendered with re-spect to the trade or business, ‘‘(B) any guaranteed payment described in section 707(c) paid to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or busi-ness, and ‘‘(C) to the extent provided in regulations, any payment described in section 707(a) to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or business. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified trade or business’ means any trade or business other than a specified service trade or busi-ness. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SERVICE TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified service trade or business’ means— ‘‘(i) any trade or business involving the performance of services described in section 1202(e)(3)(A), including investing and invest-ment management, trading, or dealing in se-curities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), part-nership interests, or commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SPECIFIED SERVICE BUSI -
NESSES BASED ON TAXPAYER ’S INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year, the taxable income of any taxpayer is less than the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), then— ‘‘(i) the exception under paragraph (1) shall not apply to specified service trades or busi-nesses of the taxpayer for the taxable year, but ‘‘(ii) only the applicable percentage of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, or loss, and the W-2 wages, of the taxpayer allocable to such specified service trades or businesses shall be taken into account in computing the qualified business income and W-2 wages of the taxpayer for the taxable year for purposes of applying this section. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘applica-ble percentage’ means, with respect to any taxable year, 100 percent reduced (not below zero) by the percentage equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year in excess of the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(ii) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(e) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) T
AXABLE INCOME .—Taxable income shall be computed without regard to the de-duction allowable under this section. ‘‘(2) THRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘threshold amount’ means $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount in paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED REIT DIVIDEND .—The term ‘qualified REIT dividend’ means any divi-dend from a real estate investment trust re-ceived during the taxable year which— ‘‘(A) is not a capital gain dividend, as de-fined in section 857(b)(3), and ‘‘(B) is not qualified dividend income, as defined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVIDEND .— The term ‘qualified cooperative dividend’ means any patronage dividend (as defined in section 1388(a)), any per-unit retain alloca-tion (as defined in section 1388(f)), and any qualified written notice of allocation (as de-fined in section 1388(c)), or any similar amount received from an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii), which— ‘‘(A) is includible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) is received from— ‘‘(i) an organization or corporation de-scribed in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a), or ‘‘(ii) an organization which is governed under this title by the rules applicable to co-operatives under this title before the enact-ment of subchapter T. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a partner-ship or S corporation— ‘‘(i) this section shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, ‘‘(ii) each partner or shareholder shall take into account such person’s allocable share of each qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, and loss, and ‘‘(iii) each partner or shareholder shall be treated for purposes of subsection (b) as hav-ing W-2 wages for the taxable year in an amount equal to such person’s allocable share of the W-2 wages of the partnership or S corporation for the taxable year (as deter-mined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary). For purposes of clause (iii), a partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of W-2 wages shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of wage expenses. For purposes of this sub-paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION TO TRUSTS AND ES -
TATES .—This section shall not apply to any trust or estate. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRADES OR BUSINESS IN  
PUERTO RICO .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-payer with qualified business income from sources within the commonwealth of Puerto Rico, if all such income is taxable under sec-tion 1 for such taxable year, then for pur-poses of determining the qualified business income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, the term ‘United States’ shall include the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLYING WAGE LIM -
ITATION .—In the case of any taxpayer de-scribed in clause (i), the determination of W- 2 wages of such taxpayer with respect to any qualified trade or business conducted in Puerto Rico shall be made without regard to any exclusion under section 3401(a)(8) for re-muneration paid for services in Puerto Rico. ‘‘(2) COORDINATION WITH MINIMUM TAX .—For purposes of determining alternative min-imum taxable income under section 55, qualified business income shall be deter-mined without regard to any adjustments under sections 56 through 59. ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION LIMITED TO INCOME TAXES .— The deduction under subsection (a) shall only be allowed for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, in-cluding regulations— ‘‘(A) for requiring or restricting the alloca-tion of items and wages under this section and such reporting requirements as the Sec-retary determines appropriate, and ‘‘(B) for the application of this section in the case of tiered entities. ‘‘(g) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2025.’’. (b) A
CCURACY -RELATED PENALTY ON DETER -
MINATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Sec- tion 6662(d)(1) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXPAYERS CLAIM -
ING SECTION 199A DEDUCTION .—In the case of any taxpayer who claims the deduction al-lowed under section 199A for the taxable year, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 170(b)(2)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (iv), by re-designating clause (v) as clause (vi), and by inserting after clause (iv) the following new clause: ‘‘(v) section 199A, and’’. (2) Section 172(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME DEDUC -
TION.—The deduction under section 199A shall not be allowed.’’. (3) Section 246(b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘199A,’’ before ‘‘243(a)(1)’’. (4) Section 613(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199A’’ after ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by redes-ignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (B), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) any deduction allowable under section 199A,’’. (6) The table of sections for part VI of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 199A. Qualified business income.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11012. LIMITATION ON LOSSES FOR TAX-PAYERS OTHER THAN CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 461 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON EXCESS BUSINESS  L
OSSES OF NONCORPORATE TAXPAYERS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—In the case of taxable year of a taxpayer other than a corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (j) (relating to limitation on excess farm losses of certain taxpayers) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) any excess business loss of the tax-payer for the taxable year shall not be al-lowed. ‘‘(2) D
ISALLOWED LOSS CARRYOVER .—Any loss which is disallowed under paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7747 December 1, 2017 
shall be treated as a net operating loss car-ryover to the following taxable year under section 172. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS BUSINESS LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess busi-ness loss’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate deductions of the tax-payer for the taxable year which are attrib-utable to trades or businesses of such tax-payer (determined without regard to whether or not such deductions are disallowed for such taxable year under paragraph (1)), over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate gross income or gain of such taxpayer for the taxable year which is attributable to such trades or businesses, plus ‘‘(II) $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $250,000 amount in sub-paragraph (A)(ii)(II) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF SUBSECTION IN CASE OF  
PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation— ‘‘(A) this subsection shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, and ‘‘(B) each partner’s or shareholder’s allo-cable share of the items of income, gain, de-duction, or loss of the partnership or S cor-poration for any taxable year from trades or businesses attributable to the partnership or S corporation shall be taken into account by the partner or shareholder in applying this subsection to the taxable year of such part-ner or shareholder with or within which the taxable year of the partnership or S corpora-tion ends. For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe such additional report-ing requirements as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 469 .—This subsection shall be applied after the applica-tion of section 469.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—TAX BENEFITS FOR FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS 
SEC. 11021. INCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 63 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) I
NCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION .— Paragraph (2) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$18,000’ for ‘$4,400’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$12,000’ for ‘$3,000’ in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) shall not apply to the dollar amounts contained in paragraphs (2)(B) and (2)(C). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT OF INCREASED AMOUNTS .— In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $18,000 and $12,000 amounts in sub-paragraph (A) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—Sub- section (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by sub-stituting— ‘‘(A) ‘15.3 percent’ for ‘15 percent’, and ‘‘(B) ‘$0’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11023. INCREASED LIMITATION FOR CER-TAIN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(b)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H) and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) I
NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON -
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any con-tribution of cash to an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the total amount of such contributions which may be taken into account under subsection (a) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, shall not exceed 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base for such year. ‘‘(ii) CARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) ex-ceeds the applicable limitation under clause (i) for any taxable year described in such clause, such excess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with the rules of sub-section (d)(1)) as a charitable contribution to which clause (i) applies in each of the 5 suc-ceeding years in order of time. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPHS  
(A) AND (B) .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Contributions taken into account under this subparagraph shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION REDUCTION .—Subpara- graphs (A) and (B) shall be applied for each taxable year described in clause (i), and each taxable year to which any contribution under this subparagraph is carried over under clause (ii), by reducing (but not below zero) the aggregate contribution limitation allowed for the taxable year under each such subparagraph by the aggregate contributions allowed under this subparagraph for such taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11024. INCREASED CONTRIBUTIONS TO ABLE ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION FOR CONTRIBU -
TIONS FROM COMPENSATION OF INDIVIDUALS  W
ITHDISABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529A(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) except in the case of contributions under subsection (c)(1)(C), if such contribu-tion to an ABLE account would result in ag-gregate contributions from all contributors to the ABLE account for the taxable year ex-ceeding the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount in effect under section 2503(b) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, plus ‘‘(ii) in the case of any contribution by a designated beneficiary described in para-graph (7) before January 1, 2026, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) compensation (as defined by section 219(f)(1)) includible in the designated bene-ficiary’s gross income for the preceding tax-able year, or ‘‘(II) an amount equal to the poverty line for a one-person household, as determined for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxable year begins.’’. (2) E
LIGIBLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .— Section 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES RELATED TO CONTRIBU -
TION LIMIT .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .—A des- ignated beneficiary described in this para-graph is an employee (including an employee within the meaning of section 401(c)) with re-spect to whom— ‘‘(i) no contribution is made for the taxable year to a defined contribution plan (within the meaning of section 414(i)) with respect to which the requirements of section 401(a) or 403(a) are met, ‘‘(ii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an annuity contract described in section 403(b), and ‘‘(iii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an eligible deferred compensa-tion plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(B) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given such term by section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902).’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7748 December 1, 2017 
(b) A LLOWANCE OF SAVER ’SCREDIT FOR  ABLE C
ONTRIBUTIONS BY ACCOUNT HOLDER .— Section 25B(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by in-serting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the amount of contributions made be-fore January 1, 2026, by such individual to the ABLE account (within the meaning of section 529A) of which such individual is the designated beneficiary.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11025. ROLLOVERS TO ABLE PROGRAMS FROM 529 PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 529(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(III) before January 1, 2026, to an ABLE account (as defined in section 529A(e)(6)) of the designated beneficiary or a member of the family of the designated beneficiary. Subclause (III) shall not apply to so much of a distribution which, when added to all other contributions made to the ABLE account for the taxable year, exceeds the limitation under section 529A(b)(2)(B).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11026. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with respect to the applicable period, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) Q
UALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger), for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) A
PPLICABLE PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after June 9, 2015, which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (2) WITHHOLDING .—In the case of subsection (a)(5), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11027. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITA-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUD-ING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCAR-CERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Pro-tecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11028. UNBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS 529 ACCOUNT BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 529(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF UNBORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing shall prevent an unborn child from being treated as a des-ignated beneficiary or an individual under this section. ‘‘(B) U
NBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) C
HILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapiens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11029. RELIEF FOR MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA FLOOD DISASTER AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area’’ means any area— (1) with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act before September 3, 2016, by reason of severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana during August of 2016, or (2) with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act before March 31, 2016, by reason of severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana, Texas, and Mississippi during March of 2016. (b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT  F
UNDS WITHRESPECT TO MISSISSIPPI DELTA  A
REAS DAMAGED BY 2016 F LOODING .— (1) T
AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RE -
TIREMENT PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified Mississippi River Delta flood-ing distribution. (B) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distribu-tions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (I) $100,000, over (II) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (ii) TREATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (with-out regard to clause (i)) be a qualified Mis-sissippi River Delta flooding distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any re-quirement of this title merely because the plan treats such distribution as a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such dis-tributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (iii) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of clause (ii), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single em-ployer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution may, at any time dur-ing the 3-year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contribu-tions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligi-ble retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover con-tribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (ii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS  
OTHER THAN IRAS .—For purposes of this title, if a contribution is made pursuant to clause (i) with respect to a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution from an el-igible retirement plan other than an indi-vidual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the con-tribution, be treated as having received the qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution in an eligible rollover distribu-tion (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986) and as having transferred the amount to the eligible retire-ment plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (iii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribu-tion is made pursuant to clause (i) with re-spect to a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution from an individual re-tirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (D) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— (i) Q
UALIFIED MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA  
FLOODING DISTRIBUTION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘qualified Mis-sissippi River Delta flooding distribution’’ means— (I) any distribution from an eligible retire-ment plan made on or after August 11, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode on August 11, 2016, was located in the portion of Mississippi River Delta disaster area described in sub-section (a)(1) and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(1), or (II) any distribution from an eligible re-tirement plan made on or after March 1, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an individual whose principal place of abode on March 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7749 December 1, 2017 
2016, was located in the portion of Mississippi River Delta disaster area described in sub-section (a)(2) and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(2). (ii) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (E) I
NCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR  
PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied Mississippi River Delta flooding dis-tribution, unless the taxpayer elects not to have this subparagraph apply for any taxable year, any amount required to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included ratably over the 3-taxable-year period beginning with such taxable year. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of clause (i), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 shall apply. (F) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distributions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (ii) Q
UALIFIED MISSISSIPPI RIVER DELTA  
FLOODING DISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS MEETING  
PLAN DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS .—For pur- poses of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified Mississippi River Delta flooding distribution shall be treated as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If this paragraph applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii)(I). (B) A
MENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—This paragraph shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract which is made— (I) pursuant to any provision of this sec-tion, or pursuant to any regulation under any provision of this section; and (II) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2018, or such later date as the Secretary pre-scribes. In the case of a governmental plan (as de-fined in section 414(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986), subclause (II) shall be ap-plied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under subclause (II). (ii) C
ONDITIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to any amendment unless— (I) during the period— (aa) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in clause (i)(I) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or con-tract amendment not required by this sec-tion or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan); and (bb) ending on the date described in clause (i)(II) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or con-tract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect; and (II) such plan or contract amendment ap-plies retroactively for such period. (c) S
PECIAL RULES FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES RELATED TO LOUISIANA SEVERE  S
TORMS AND FLOODING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross in-come of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be in-creased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduc-tion as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) N
ET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-re-lated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses’’ means losses de-scribed in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise— (A) in the portion of the Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area described in sub-section (a)(1) on or after August 11, 2016, and which are attributable to the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(1), or (B) in the portion of the Mississippi River Delta flood disaster area described in sub-section (a)(2) on or after March 1, 2016, and which are attributable to the severe storms and flooding giving rise to the Presidential declaration described in subsection (a)(2). PART IV—EDUCATION 
SEC. 11031. TREATMENT OF STUDENT LOANS DIS-CHARGED ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGES ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR  
DISABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, gross income for any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, does not include any amount which (but for this subsection) would be in-cludible in gross income for such taxable year by reasons of the discharge (in whole or in part) of any loan described in subpara-graph (B) if such discharge was— ‘‘(i) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan liability), ‘‘(ii) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or ‘‘(iii) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. ‘‘(B) L
OANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subparagraph if such loan is— ‘‘(i) a student loan (as defined in paragraph (2)), or ‘‘(ii) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protec-tion Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to dis-charges of indebtedness after December 31, 2017. SEC. 11032. INCREASE IN DEDUCTION FOR TEACHER EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (D) of sec-tion 62(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$250’’ and inserting ‘‘$250 ($500 in the case of tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART V—DEDUCTIONS AND EXCLUSIONS 
SEC. 11041. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 151 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ in para-graph (4) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), in the case of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION AMOUNT .—The term ‘ex-emption amount’ means zero. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—For purposes of any other provision of this title, the reduction of the exemption amount to zero under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be taken into ac-count in determining whether a deduction is allowed or allowable, or whether a taxpayer is entitled to a deduction, under this sec-tion.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO ESTATES AND TRUSTS .— Section 642(b)(2)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the ex-emption amount under section 151(d)’. ‘‘(II) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(aa) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(bb) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR WAGE WITHHOLDING  R
ULES .—Section 3402(a) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the amount of one personal exemption pro-vided in section 151(b)’. ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (d) E
XCEPTION FOR DETERMINING PROPERTY  E
XEMPT FROM LEVY.—Section 6334(d) is 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7750 December 1, 2017 
amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall not apply and for purposes of paragraph (1) the term ‘exempt amount’ means an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the sum of the amount determined under subparagraph (B) and the standard de-duction, divided by ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the amount determined under this subparagraph is $4,150 multiplied by the number of the taxpayer’s dependents for the taxable year in which the levy oc-curs. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFIED STATEMENT .—Unless the tax-payer submits to the Secretary a written and properly verified statement specifying the facts necessary to determine the proper amount under subparagraph (A), subpara-graph (A) shall be applied as if the taxpayer were a married individual filing a separate return with no dependents.’’. (e) P
ERSONS REQUIRED TO MAKE RETURNS  
OFINCOME .—Section 6012 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subsection (a)(1) shall not apply, and every individual who has gross in-come for the taxable year shall be required to make returns with respect to income taxes under subtitle A, except that a return shall not be required of— ‘‘(1) an individual who is not married (de-termined by applying section 7703) and who has gross income for the taxable year which does not exceed the standard deduction ap-plicable to such individual for such taxable year under section 63, or ‘‘(2) an individual entitled to make a joint return if— ‘‘(A) the gross income of such individual, when combined with the gross income of such individual’s spouse, for the taxable year does not exceed the standard deduction which would be applicable to the taxpayer for such taxable year under section 63 if such individual and such individual’s spouse made a joint return, ‘‘(B) such individual and such individual’s spouse have the same household as their home at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(C) such individual’s spouse does not make a separate return, and ‘‘(D) neither such individual nor such indi-vidual’s spouse is an individual described in section 63(c)(5) who has income (other than earned income) in excess of the amount in ef-fect under section 63(c)(5)(A). The amount specified in paragraph (1) or (2)(A) shall be increased by the amount of 1 additional standard deduction (within the meaning of section 63(c)(3)) in the case of an individual entitled to such deduction by rea-son of section 63(f)(1)(A) (relating to individ-uals age 65 or more), and by the amount of each additional standard deduction to which the individual or the individual’s spouse is entitled by reason of section 63(f)(1).’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11042. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any real property or per-sonal property taxes, other than taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212, and ‘‘(B) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to any State or local taxes.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11043. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR HOME EQUITY INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(h)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, or after December 31, 2025,’’ before ‘‘home eq-uity indebtedness’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11044. MODIFICATION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 165 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of any loss of an individual described in subsection (c)(3) which (but for this paragraph) would be de-ductible in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026 (without regard to any election under sub-section (i), such loss shall be allowed only to the extent it is attributable to a Federally declared disaster (as defined in subsection (i)(5)). The preceding sentence shall not apply to any deduction under section 172 which is carried to such a taxable year from a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to losses in-curred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11045. SUSPENSION OF MISCELLANEOUS ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 67 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no miscellaneous itemized deduction shall be allowed for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11046. SUSPENSION OF OVERALL LIMITA-TION ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 68 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) S
ECTION NOT TO APPLY .—This section shall not apply to any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 11047. MODIFICATION OF EXCLUSION OF GAIN FROM SALE OF PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 121 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR SALES OR EX-
CHANGES IN TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH  2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In applying this section with respect to sales or exchanges after De-cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) ‘8-year’ shall be substituted for ‘5- year’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(I), and (c)(1)(B)(i)(I) and para-graphs (7), (9), (10), and (12) of subsection (d), ‘‘(B) ‘5 years’ shall be substituted for ‘2 years’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(III), and (c)(1)(B)(ii), and ‘‘(C) ‘5-year’ shall be substituted for ‘2- year’ in subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any sale or exchange with respect to which there was a written binding contract in effect before January 1, 2018, and at all times thereafter before the sale or exchange.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales and exchanges after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11048. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED BICYCLE COMMUTING REIMBURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) S
USPENSION OF QUALIFIED BICYCLE COM -
MUTING REIMBURSEMENT EXCLUSION .—Para- graph (1)(D) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11049. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED MOVING EXPENSE REIM-BURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(g) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘For purposes of this sec-tion, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—Except in the case of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty who moves pursuant to a military order and incident to a permanent change of station, subsection (a)(6) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11050. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR MOVING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) S
USPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR TAX-
ABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2025.—Except in the case of an individual to whom subsection (g) applies, this section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11051. LIMITATION ON WAGERING LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, the term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7751 December 1, 2017 
‘losses from wagering transactions’ includes any deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter incurred in carrying on any wa-gering transaction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART VI—INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION 
SEC. 11061. INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2010(c)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NCREASE IN BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNT .—In the case of estates of decedents dying or gifts made after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘$10,000,000’ for ‘$5,000,000’.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (g) of section 2001 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g) M
ODIFICATIONS TO TAXPAYABLE .— ‘‘(1) M
ODIFICATIONS TO GIFT TAX PAYABLE TO  
REFLECT DIFFERENT TAX RATES .—For pur- poses of applying subsection (b)(2) with re-spect to 1 or more gifts, the rates of tax under subsection (c) in effect at the dece-dent’s death shall, in lieu of the rates of tax in effect at the time of such gifts, be used both to compute— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by chapter 12 with re-spect to such gifts, and ‘‘(B) the credit allowed against such tax under section 2505, including in computing— ‘‘(i) the applicable credit amount under section 2505(a)(1), and ‘‘(ii) the sum of the amounts allowed as a credit for all preceding periods under section 2505(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS TO ESTATE TAX PAYABLE  
TO REFLECT DIFFERENT BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or ap-propriate to carry out this section with re-spect to any difference between— ‘‘(A) the basic exclusion amount under sec-tion 2010(c)(3) applicable at the time of the decedent’s death, and ‘‘(B) the basic exclusion amount under such section applicable with respect to any gifts made by the decedent.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of decedents dying and gifts made after Decem-ber 31, 2017. PART VII—TAXPAYER RIGHTS AND TAX ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 11071. EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT FOR CON-TESTING IRS LEVY. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TIME FOR RETURN OF  P
ROPERTY SUBJECT TO LEVY.—Subsection (b) of section 6343 is amended by striking ‘‘9 months’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’. (b) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATION ON SUITS.—Sub- section (c) of section 6532 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘9 months’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘2 years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘9-month’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) levies made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and (2) levies made on or before such date if the 9-month period has not expired under section 6343(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (without regard to this section) as of such date. 
SEC. 11072. INDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON IMPROPER LEVY ON RETIREMENT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6343 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) INDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON  W
RONGFUL LEVY, ETC. ON RETIREMENT  P
LAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary deter-mines that an individual’s account or benefit under an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) has been levied upon in a case to which subsection (b) or (d)(2)(A) applies and property or an amount of money is returned to the individual— ‘‘(A) the individual may contribute such property or an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount of money so returned by the Secretary, and ‘‘(ii) interest paid under subsection (c) on such amount of money, into such eligible retirement plan if such contribution is permitted by the plan, or into an individual retirement plan (other than an endowment contract) to which a rollover contribution of a distribution from such eligible retirement plan is permitted, but only if such contribution is made not later than the due date (not including exten-sions) for filing the return of tax for the tax-able year in which such property or amount of money is returned, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall, at the time such property or amount of money is returned, notify such individual that a contribution described in subparagraph (A) may be made. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS ROLLOVER .—The dis- tribution on account of the levy and any contribution under paragraph (1) with re-spect to the return of such distribution shall be treated for purposes of this title as if such distribution and contribution were described in section 402(c), 402A(c)(3), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), 408A(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), whichever is applicable; except that— ‘‘(A) the contribution shall be treated as having been made for the taxable year in which the distribution on account of the levy occurred, and the interest paid under sub-section (c) shall be treated as earnings with-in the plan after the contribution and shall not be included in gross income, and ‘‘(B) such contribution shall not be taken into account under section 408(d)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) R
EFUND , ETC., OF INCOME TAX ON  
LEVY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If any amount is includ-ible in gross income for a taxable year by reason of a distribution on account of a levy referred to in paragraph (1) and any portion of such amount is treated as a rollover con-tribution under paragraph (2), any tax im-posed by chapter 1 on such portion shall not be assessed, and if assessed shall be abated, and if collected shall be credited or refunded as an overpayment made on the due date for filing the return of tax for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a rollover contribution under this subsection which is made from an eligi-ble retirement plan which is not a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account (within the meaning of section 402A) to a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account under an eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(4) I
NTEREST .—Notwithstanding sub-section (d), interest shall be allowed under subsection (c) in a case in which the Sec-retary makes a determination described in subsection (d)(2)(A) with respect to a levy upon an individual retirement plan. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF INHERITED ACCOUNTS .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), section 408(d)(3)(C) shall be disregarded in deter-mining whether an individual retirement plan is a plan to which a rollover contribu-tion of a distribution from the plan levied upon is permitted.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid under subsections (b), (c), and (d)(2)(A) of section 6343 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. SEC. 11073. MODIFICATION OF USER FEE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR INSTALLMENT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6159 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NSTALLMENT AGREEMENT FEES.— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON FEE AMOUNT .—The amount of any fee imposed on an installment agreement under this section may not exceed the amount of such fee as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REIMBURSEMENT .—In the case of any taxpayer with an adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the ap-plicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary)— ‘‘(A) if the taxpayer has agreed to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit in-strument, no fee shall be imposed on an in-stallment agreement under this section, and ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer is unable to make pay-ments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instru-ment, the Secretary shall, upon completion of the installment agreement, pay the tax-payer an amount equal to any such fees im-posed.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agree-ments entered into on or after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11074. FORM 1040SR FOR SENIORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available a form, to be known as ‘‘Form 1040SR’’, for use by individuals to file the return of tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Such form shall be as similar as practicable to Form 1040EZ, except that— (1) the form shall be available only to indi-viduals who have attained age 65 as of the close of the taxable year, (2) the form may be used even if income for the taxable year includes— (A) social security benefits (as defined in section 86(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), (B) distributions from qualified retirement plans (as defined in section 4974(c) of such Code), annuities or other such deferred pay-ment arrangements, (C) interest and dividends, or (D) capital gains and losses taken into ac-count in determining adjusted net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(3) of such Code), and (3) the form shall be available without re-gard to the amount of any item of taxable income or the total amount of taxable in-come for the taxable year. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The form required by subsection (a) shall be made available for taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act and ending before Jan-uary 1, 2026. 
SEC. 11075. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON IMPROV-ING CUSTOMER SERVICE AND PRO-TECTIONS FOR TAXPAYERS BY REIN-STATING APPROPRIATE FUNDING LEVELS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that politi-cally motivated budget cuts— (1) are counterproductive to deficit reduc-tion, (2) diminish the ability of the Internal Revenue Service to adequately serve tax-payers and protect taxpayer information, and (3) reduce the ability of the Internal Rev-enue Service to enforce the law. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7752 December 1, 2017 
SEC. 11076. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by inserting after section 7526 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7526A. RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS FOR LOW-INCOME TAXPAYERS. 
‘‘(a) V OLUNTEER INCOME TAXASSISTANCE  M
ATCHING GRANT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary, through the Internal Revenue Service, shall establish a Community Volun-teer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘VITA grant program’). Except as otherwise provided in this section, the VITA grant program shall be administered in a manner which is substantially similar to the Community Volunteer Income Tax Assist-ance matching grants demonstration pro-gram established under title I of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2008. ‘‘(2) M
ATCHING GRANTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriated funds, make available grants under the VITA grant program to provide matching funds for the development, expansion, or continuation of qualified return preparation programs as-sisting low-income taxpayers and members of underserved populations. ‘‘(B) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), in order to be eligible for a grant under this section, a qualified return preparation pro-gram shall submit an application to the Sec-retary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Sec-retary reasonably requires. ‘‘(ii) A
CCURACY REVIEW .—In the case of any qualified return preparation program which was awarded a grant under this section and was subsequently subject to a field site visit by the Internal Revenue Service (including through the Stakeholder Partnerships, Edu-cation, and Communication office) in which it was determined that the average accuracy rate for preparation of tax returns through such program was less than 90 percent, such program shall not be eligible for any addi-tional grants under this section unless such program provides, as part of their applica-tion, sufficient documentation regarding the corrective measures established by such pro-gram to address the deficiencies identified following the field site visit. ‘‘(C) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to applications— ‘‘(i) demonstrating assistance to low-in-come taxpayers, with emphasis on outreach to and services for such taxpayers, ‘‘(ii) demonstrating taxpayer outreach and educational activities relating to eligibility and availability of income supports available through the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, such as the earned income tax credit, and ‘‘(iii) demonstrating specific outreach and focus on one or more underserved popu-lations. ‘‘(D) D
URATION OF GRANTS .—Upon applica-tion of a qualified return preparation pro-gram, the Secretary is authorized to award a multi-year grant not to exceed 3 years. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATE LIMITATION .—Unless other-wise provided by specific appropriation, the Secretary shall not allocate more than $30,000,000 per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(b) U
SE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Qualified return prepara-tion programs receiving a grant under this section may use the grant for— ‘‘(A) ordinary and necessary costs associ-ated with program operation in accordance with Cost Principles Circulars as set forth by the Office of Management and Budget, in-cluding— ‘‘(i) for wages or salaries of persons coordi-nating the activities of the program, ‘‘(ii) to develop training materials, conduct training, and perform quality reviews of the returns for which assistance has been pro-vided under the program, and ‘‘(iii) for equipment purchases and vehicle- related expenses associated with remote or rural tax preparation services, ‘‘(B) outreach and educational activities described in subsection (a)(2)(C)(ii), and ‘‘(C) services related to financial education and capability, asset development, and the establishment of savings accounts in connec-tion with tax return preparation. ‘‘(2) USE OF GRANTS FOR OVERHEAD EX -
PENSES PROHIBITED .—No grant made under this section may be used for overhead ex-penses that are not directly related to any qualified return preparation program. ‘‘(c) P
ROMOTION AND REFERRAL .— ‘‘(1) P
ROMOTION .—The Secretary shall pro-mote the benefits of, and encourage the use of, tax preparation through qualified return preparation programs through the use of mass communications, referrals, and other means. ‘‘(2) I
NTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE REFER -
RALS .—The Secretary shall refer taxpayers to qualified return preparation programs re-ceiving funding under this section. ‘‘(3) VITA 
GRANTEE REFERRAL .—Qualified return preparation programs receiving a grant under this section are encouraged to refer, as appropriate, to local or regional Low Income Taxpayer Clinics individuals who are eligible to receive services at such clinics. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘qualified return prepara-tion program’ means any program— ‘‘(A) which provides assistance to individ-uals, not less than 90 percent of whom are low-income taxpayers, in preparing and fil-ing Federal income tax returns, ‘‘(B) which is administered by a qualified entity, ‘‘(C) in which all of the volunteers who as-sist in the preparation of Federal income tax returns meet the training requirements pre-scribed by the Secretary, and ‘‘(D) which uses a quality review process which reviews 100 percent of all returns. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified en-tity’ means any entity which— ‘‘(i) is an eligible organization (as de-scribed in subparagraph (B)), ‘‘(ii) is in compliance with Federal tax fil-ing and payment requirements, ‘‘(iii) is not debarred or suspended from Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, and ‘‘(iv) agrees to provide documentation to substantiate any matching funds provided under the VITA grant program. ‘‘(B) E
LIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the term ‘eligible organization’ means— ‘‘(I) an institution of higher education which is described in section 102 (other than subsection (a)(1)(C) thereof) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1088), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and which has not been disqualified from participating in a program under title IV of such Act, ‘‘(II) an organization described in section 501(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code, ‘‘(III) a local government agency, includ-ing— ‘‘(aa) a county or municipal government agency, and ‘‘(bb) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assist-ance and Self-Determination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13)), including any tribally des-ignated housing entity (as defined in section 4(22) of such Act (25 U.S.C. 4103(22))), tribal subsidiary, subdivision, or other wholly owned tribal entity, or ‘‘(IV) a local, State, regional, or national coalition (with one lead organization which meets the eligibility requirements of sub-clause (I), (II), or (III) acting as the applicant organization). ‘‘(ii) ALTERNATIVE ELIGIBLE ORGANIZA -
TION.—If no eligible organization described in clause (i) is available to assist the tar-geted population or community, the term ‘eligible organization’ shall include— ‘‘(I) a State government agency, and ‘‘(II) a Cooperative Extension Service of-fice. ‘‘(3) L
OW-INCOME TAXPAYERS .—The term ‘low-income taxpayer’ means a taxpayer who has income for the taxable year which does not exceed an amount equal to the com-pleted phaseout amount under section 32(b) for a married couple filing a joint return with three or more qualifying children, as determined in a revenue procedure or other published guidance. ‘‘(4) U
NDERSERVED POPULATION .—The term ‘underserved population’ includes popu-lations of persons with disabilities, persons with limited English proficiency, Native Americans, individuals living in rural areas, members of the Armed Forces and their spouses, and the elderly.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 7526 the following new item: ‘‘7526A. Return preparation programs for low-income taxpayers.’’. 
SEC. 11077. FREE FILE PROGRAM. 
(a) The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall continue to oper-ate the IRS Free File Program as established by the Internal Revenue Service and pub-lished in the Federal Register on November 4, 2002 (67 Fed. Reg. 67247), including any sub-sequent agreements and governing rules es-tablished pursuant thereto. (b) The IRS Free File Program shall con-tinue to provide free commercial-type online individual income tax preparation and elec-tronic filing services to the lowest 70 percent of taxpayers by income. The number of tax-payers eligible to receive such services each year shall be calculated by the Internal Rev-enue Service annually based on prior year aggregate taxpayer adjusted gross income data. (c) In addition to the services described in subsection (b), and in the same manner, the IRS Free File Program shall continue to make available to all taxpayers (without re-gard to income) a basic, online electronic fillable forms utility. (d) The IRS Free File Program shall con-tinue to work cooperatively with the private sector to provide the free individual income tax preparation and the electronic filing services described in subsections (b) and (c). (e) The IRS Free File Program shall work cooperatively with State government agen-cies to enhance and expand the use of the program to provide needed benefits to the taxpayer while reducing the cost of proc-essing returns. (f) Nothing in this section is intended to impact the continuity of services provided under Taxpayer Assistance Centers, Tax Counseling for the Elderly, and Volunteer In-come Tax Assistance programs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7753 December 1, 2017 
SEC. 11078. ATTORNEYS’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 62(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(21) A
TTORNEYS ’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS  
TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any deduction allowable under this chapter for attorney fees and court costs paid by, or on behalf of, the tax-payer in connection with any award under— ‘‘(i) section 7623(b), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, any action brought under— ‘‘(I) section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u-6), ‘‘(II) a State law relating to false or fraud-ulent claims that meets the requirements de-scribed in section 1909(b) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396h(b)), or ‘‘(III) section 23 of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 26). ‘‘(B) M
AY NOT EXCEED AWARD .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not apply to any deduction in excess of the amount includible in the tax-payer’s gross income for the taxable year on account of such award.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11079. CLARIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER AWARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) P
ROCEEDS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘proceeds’ includes— ‘‘(1) penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts provided under the internal revenue laws, and ‘‘(2) any proceeds arising from laws for which the Internal Revenue Service is au-thorized to administer, enforce, or inves-tigate, including— ‘‘(A) criminal fines and civil forfeitures, and ‘‘(B) violations of reporting require-ments.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘collected proceeds (in-cluding penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts) resulting from the action’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds collected as a result of the action’’. (b) A
MOUNT OF PROCEEDS DETERMINED  W
ITHOUT REGARD TO AVAILABILITY .—Para- graphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without regard to whether such proceeds are available to the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘in re-sponse to such action’’. (c) D
ISPUTED AMOUNT THRESHOLD .—Section 7623(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘tax, penalties, interest, additions to tax, and ad-ditional amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to informa-tion provided before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which a final determination for an award has not been made before such date of enact-ment. PART VIII—INDIVIDUAL MANDATE 
SEC. 11081. ELIMINATION OF SHARED RESPONSI-BILITY PAYMENT FOR INDIVIDUALS FAILING TO MAINTAIN MINIMUM ES-SENTIAL COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2018. Subtitle B—Alternative Minimum Tax 
SEC. 12001. REPEAL OF TAX FOR CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by striking ‘‘There’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 38(c)(6) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) C
ORPORATIONS .—In the case of a cor-poration, this subsection shall be applied by treating the corporation as having a ten-tative minimum tax of zero.’’. (2)(A) Section 55(b)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
MOUNT OF TENTATIVE TAX .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The tentative minimum tax for the taxable year is the sum of— ‘‘(i) 26 percent of so much of the taxable excess as does not exceed $175,000, plus ‘‘(ii) 28 percent of so much of the taxable excess as exceeds $175,000. The amount determined under the preceding sentence shall be reduced by the alternative minimum tax foreign tax credit for the tax-able year. ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE EXCESS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘taxable excess’ means so much of the alternative minimum taxable income for the taxable year as ex-ceeds the exemption amount. ‘‘(C) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUAL FILING SEPARATE  
RETURN .—In the case of a married individual filing a separate return, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting 50 percent of the dollar amount otherwise applicable under clause (i) and cause (ii) thereof. For purposes of the preceding sentence, marital status shall be determined under section 7703.’’. (B) Section 59(a) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of section 55(b)(1) (whichever applies) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1 or 11 (whichever applies)’’ in para-graph (1)(C) and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1) in lieu of the highest rate of tax specified in section 1’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the amount determined under the first sen-tence of section 55(b)(1).’’. (C) Section 897(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)’’. (D) Section 911(f) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’, and (II) by striking ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 55(b)(1)(A)(ii)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 55(b)(1)(B)’’. (3) Section 55(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, the section 936 credit allowable under sec-tion 27(b), and the Puerto Rico economic ac-tivity credit under section 30A’’. (4) Section 55(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, (B) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (C) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (D), and (C) in paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (i) by striking ‘‘(b)(1)(A)(i)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(i) and inserting ‘‘(b)(1)(A)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ in subpara-graph (B)(iii) and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. (5) Section 55 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (6)(A) Section 56 is amended by striking subsections (c) and (g). (B) Section 847 is amended by striking the last sentence of paragraph (9). (C) Section 848 is amended by striking sub-section (i). (7) Section 58(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (3). (8) Section 59 is amended by striking sub-sections (b) and (f). (9) Section 11(d) is amended by striking ‘‘the taxes imposed by subsection (a) and sec-tion 55’’ and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by subsection (a)’’. (10) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graph (7). (11) Section 168(k) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (12) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 55,’’. (13) Section 962(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘sections 11 and 55’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11’’. (14) Section 1561(a) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting a period, and by striking paragraph (3), and (B) by striking the last sentence. (15) Section 6425(c)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by section 11 or 1201(a), or subchapter L of chapter 1, which-ever is applicable, over’’. (16) Section 6655(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and alternative minimum taxable in-come’’ each place it appears in subpara-graphs (A) and (B)(i). (17) Section 6655(g)(1)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking clause (ii), and by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (ii). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 12002. SUSPENSION OF TAX ON INDIVID-UALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 55(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new flush sentence: ‘‘No tax shall be imposed by this section for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, and the tentative minimum tax of any taxpayer for any such taxable year shall be zero for pur-poses of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 12003. CREDIT FOR PRIOR YEAR MINIMUM TAX LIABILITY. 
(a) C REDITS TREATED AS REFUNDABLE .— Section 53 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ORTION OF CREDIT TREATED AS RE-
FUNDABLE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning in 2018, 2019, 2020, or 2021, the limitation under subsection (c) shall be increased by the AMT refundable credit amount for such year. ‘‘(2) AMT 
REFUNDABLE CREDIT AMOUNT .— For purposes of paragraph (1), the AMT re-fundable credit amount is an amount equal to 50 percent (100 percent in the case of a taxable year beginning in 2021) of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the minimum tax credit determined under subsection (b) for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) the minimum tax credit allowed under subsection (a) for such year (before the appli-cation of this subsection for such year). ‘‘(3) C
REDIT REFUNDABLE .—For purposes of this title (other than this section), the credit allowed by reason of this subsection shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7754 December 1, 2017 
treated as a credit allowed under subpart C (and not this subpart). ‘‘(4) S
HORT TAXABLE YEARS .—In the case of any taxable year of less than 365 days, the AMT refundable credit amount determined under paragraph (2) with respect to such tax-able year shall be the amount which bears the same ratio to such amount determined without regard to this paragraph as the num-ber of days in such taxable year bears to 365.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF REFERENCES .—Section 53(d) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) AMT 
TERM REFERENCES .—In the case of a corporation, any references in this sub-section to section 55, 56, or 57 shall be treat-ed as a reference to such section as in effect before the amendments made by Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1374(b)(3)(B) is amended by striking the last sentence thereof. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The amend-ment made by subsection (c) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2021. Subtitle C—Business-related Provisions PART I—CORPORATE PROVISIONS Subpart A—20.94-percent Tax Rate 
SEC. 13001. 20.94-PERCENT CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 11 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.—The amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 20.94 percent of taxable income.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 11(b)’’: (A) Section 280C(c)(3)(B)(ii)(II). (B) Paragraphs (2)(B) and (6)(A)(ii) of sec-tion 860E(e). (C) Section 7874(e)(1)(B) (2)(A) Part I of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1201 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graphs (4) and (6), and by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (4). (C) Section 453A(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 1201 (whichever is appropriate)’’. (D) Section 527(b) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(b) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (E) Sections 594(a) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (F) Section 691(c)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘1201,’’. (G) Section 801(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (H) Section 831(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (I) Sections 832(c)(5) and 834(b)(1)(D) are each amended by striking ‘‘sec. 1201 and fol-lowing,’’. (J) Section 852(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11(b)’’. (K) Section 857(b)(3) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, (ii) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ in clause (i) thereof and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, (II) by striking ‘‘the tax imposed by sub-paragraph (A)(ii)’’ in clauses (ii) and (iv) thereof and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by paragraph (1) on undistributed capital gain’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’, and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) UNDISTRIBUTED CAPITAL GAIN .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘undis-tributed capital gain’ means the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561) de-termined with reference to capital gain divi-dends only.’’. (L) Section 882(a)(1), as amended by section 12001, is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (M) Section 904(b) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’ in paragraph (2)(C), (ii) by striking paragraph (3)(D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) C
APITAL GAIN RATE DIFFERENTIAL .— There is a capital gain rate differential for any year if subsection (h) of section 1 applies to such taxable year.’’, and (iii) by striking paragraph (3)(E) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E) R
ATE DIFFERENTIAL PORTION .—The rate differential portion of foreign source net capital gain, net capital gain, or the excess of net capital gain from sources within the United States over net capital gain, as the case may be, is the same proportion of such amount as— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the highest rate of tax set forth in sub-section (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) of section 1 (whichever applies), over ‘‘(II) the alternative rate of tax determined under section 1(h), bears to ‘‘(ii) that rate referred to in subclause (I).’’. (N) Section 1374(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (O) Section 1381(b) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (P) Sections 6425(c)(1)(A), as amended by section 12001, and 6655(g)(1)(A)(i) are each amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a),’’. (Q) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (3)(A) Section 1445(e)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the gain’’ and inserting ‘‘multiplied by the gain’’. (B) Section 1445(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘35 percent of the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b) multiplied by the amount’’. (C) Section 1445(e)(6) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the amount’’ and in-serting ‘‘multiplied by the amount’’. (D) Section 1446(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (4) Section 852(b)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (5)(A) Part I of subchapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking section 1551 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 535(c)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) CROSS REFERENCE .—For limitation on credit provided in paragraph (2) or (3) in the case of certain controlled corporations, see section 1561.’’. (6)(A) Section 1561, as amended by section 12001, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1561. LIMITATION ON ACCUMULATED EARNINGS CREDIT IN THE CASE OF CERTAIN CONTROLLED CORPORA-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The component mem-bers of a controlled group of corporations on a December 31 shall, for their taxable years which include such December 31, be limited for purposes of this subtitle to one $250,000 ($150,000 if any component member is a cor-poration described in section 535(c)(2)(B)) amount for purposes of computing the accu-mulated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3). Such amount shall be di-vided equally among the component mem-bers of such group on such December 31 un-less the Secretary prescribes regulations per-mitting an unequal allocation of such amount. ‘‘(b) C
ERTAIN SHORT TAXABLE YEARS .—If a corporation has a short taxable year which does not include a December 31 and is a com-ponent member of a controlled group of cor-porations with respect to such taxable year, then for purposes of this subtitle, the amount to be used in computing the accumu-lated earnings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3) of such corporation for such taxable year shall be the amount specified in sub-section (a) with respect to such group, di-vided by the number of corporations which are component members of such group on the last day of such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, section 1563(b) shall be applied as if such last day were sub-stituted for December 31.’’. (B) The table of sections for part II of sub-chapter B of chapter 5 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1561 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1561. Limitation on accumulated earn-ings credit in the case of cer-tain controlled corporations.’’. (7) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘With respect to the por-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a tax-payer other than a corporation, with respect to the portion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(34 percent in the case of a corporation)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(3) shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2018. (3) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(6) shall apply to transfers made after December 31, 2018. (d) N
ORMALIZATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A normalization method of accounting shall not be treated as being used with respect to any public utility prop-erty for purposes of section 167 or 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if the tax-payer, in computing its cost of service for ratemaking purposes and reflecting oper-ating results in its regulated books of ac-count, reduces the excess tax reserve more rapidly or to a greater extent than such re-serve would be reduced under the average rate assumption method. (2) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—If, as of the first day of the taxable year that includes the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the taxpayer was required by a regu-latory agency to compute depreciation for public utility property on the basis of an av-erage life or composite rate method, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7755 December 1, 2017 
(B) the taxpayer’s books and underlying records did not contain the vintage account data necessary to apply the average rate as-sumption method, the taxpayer will be treated as using a nor-malization method of accounting if, with re-spect to such jurisdiction, the taxpayer uses the alternative method for public utility property that is subject to the regulatory authority of that jurisdiction. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
XCESS TAX RESERVE .—The term ‘‘ex-cess tax reserve’’ means the excess of— (i) the reserve for deferred taxes (as de-scribed in section 168(i)(9)(A)(ii) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) as determined under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, over (ii) the amount which would be the balance in such reserve if the amount of such reserve were determined by assuming that the cor-porate rate reductions provided in this Act were in effect for all prior periods. (B) A
VERAGE RATE ASSUMPTION METHOD .— The average rate assumption method is the method under which the excess in the re-serve for deferred taxes is reduced over the remaining lives of the property as used in its regulated books of account which gave rise to the reserve for deferred taxes. Under such method, if timing differences for the prop-erty reverse, the amount of the adjustment to the reserve for the deferred taxes is cal-culated by multiplying— (i) the ratio of the aggregate deferred taxes for the property to the aggregate timing dif-ferences for the property as of the beginning of the period in question, by (ii) the amount of the timing differences which reverse during such period. (C) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD .—The ‘‘alter-native method’’ is the method in which the taxpayer— (i) computes the excess tax reserve on all public utility property included in the plant account on the basis of the weighted average life or composite rate used to compute depre-ciation for regulatory purposes, and (ii) reduces the excess tax reserve ratably over the remaining regulatory life of the property. (4) T
AX INCREASED FOR NORMALIZATION VIO -
LATION .—If, for any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act, the taxpayer does not use a normalization meth-od of accounting, the taxpayer’s tax for the taxable year shall be increased by the amount by which it reduces its excess tax re-serve more rapidly than permitted under a normalization method of accounting. 
SA 1844. Mr. LANKFORD submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NO TAX EXEMPT BONDS FOR PROFES-SIONAL STADIUMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103(b), as amend-ed by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) P
ROFESSIONAL STADIUM BOND .—Any professional stadium bond.’’. (b) P
ROFESSIONAL STADIUM BOND DE-
FINED .—Subsection (c) of section 103 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) PROFESSIONAL STADIUM BOND .—The term ‘professional stadium bond’ means any bond issued as part of an issue any proceeds of which are used to finance or refinance cap-ital expenditures allocable to a facility (or appurtenant real property) which, during at least 5 days during any calendar year, is used as a stadium or arena for professional sports exhibitions, games, or training.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to bonds issued after November 2, 2017. 
SA 1845. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 34, line 23, insert ‘‘In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, the pre-ceding sentence shall not apply to any trust.’’ after ‘‘estate.’’. 
SA 1846. Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 95, strike line 7 and all that follows through page 97, line 14 and in-sert the following: Subtitle B—Permanent Individual Income Tax Relief for Middle Class 
SEC. 12001. AMENDMENT OF INCOME TAX BRACK-ETS. 
(a) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE-
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The table contained in subsection (a) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $19,050 ............... 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400 .......................... $1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $140,000 ......................... $8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000 ......................... $22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000 ......................... $65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $480,050 ......................... $91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $480,050 ................... $119,496.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $480,050. 
(b) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The table con-tained in subsection (b) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $13,600 ............... 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800 .......................... $1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000 .......................... $5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $453,350 ......................... $44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $453,350 ................... $133,020.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $453,350. (c) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN S
URVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The table contained in subsection (c) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $426,700 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $426,700 ................... $125,084.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $426,700. 
(d) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  R
ETURNS .—The table contained in subsection (d) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $240,026 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $240,026 ................... $59,748.60, plus 39.6% of the excess over $240,026. 
(e) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The table con-tained in subsection (e) of section 1 is amended to read as follows: 
If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150 ............................ $255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,700 .......................... $1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,700 ..................... $3,081.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $12,700. 
(f) I NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—Section 1(f)(2)(A), as amended by this Act, is amend-ed by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 12002. CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11(b), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SA 1847. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
In section 20001(b)(2), strike subparagraph (B). 
SA 1848. Ms. CANTWELL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.054 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7756 December 1, 2017 
and Ms. M URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title II and insert the following: TITLE II 
SEC. 20001. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell from the Strategic Petro-leum Reserve 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the period of fiscal years 2026 through 2027. (2) D
ISPOSITION OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall, in the year in which the sale occurs, deposit the amounts received from a sale under para-graph (1) in the general fund of the Treasury. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under subsection (a) after the date on which a total of $1,000,000,000 has been depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under that subsection. 
SA 1849. Mr. BENNET submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title II and insert the following: TITLE II 
SEC. 20001. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF DIS-TRIBUTED QUALIFIED OUTER CON-TINENTAL SHELF REVENUES. 
Section 105(f)(1) of the Gulf of Mexico En-ergy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended by striking ‘‘exceed $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2055.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘exceed— ‘‘(A) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019; ‘‘(B) $650,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; and ‘‘(C) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2055.’’. 
SEC. 20002. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of En-ergy shall draw down and sell from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve 25,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the period of fiscal years 2026 through 2027. (2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary of Energy shall not draw down and sell crude oil under subsection (a) in a quan-tity that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under subsection (h) of section 161 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under subsection (a) after the date on which a total of $1,325,000,000 has been depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under that subsection. SEC. 20003. AUTHORIZED USES OF ENERGY SECU-RITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE MOD-ERNIZATION FUND. 
(a) P URPOSE .—The purpose of this section is to amend the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 129 Stat. 584)— (1) to increase national security; and (2) to increase the ability of the United States to respond to disasters. (b) U
SE OF FUND.—Section 404(d)(2)(B) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6239 note; Public Law 114–74) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) the conduct of activities to modernize Strategic Petroleum Reserve facilities, in-cluding each of the Strategic Petroleum Re-serve storage sites in the States of Louisiana and Texas.’’. 
SA 1850. Mr. McCONNELL (for Mr. R
UBIO (for himself, Mr. L EE, Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. K
ENNEDY )) proposed an amend-ment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; as follows: 
Beginning on page 46, strike line 5 and all that follows through page 48, line 21, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—In lieu of subsection (d), the following provi-sions shall apply for purposes of the credit allowable under this section: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The aggregate credits allowed to a taxpayer under subpart C shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the credit which would be allowed under this section without regard to this paragraph and the limitation under section 26(a), or ‘‘(ii) the amount by which the aggregate amount of credits allowed by this subpart (determined without regard to this para-graph) would increase if the limitation im-posed by section 26(a) were increased by an amount equal to the sum of the taxpayer’s payroll taxes for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) PAYROLL TAXES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘payroll taxes’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, the amount of the taxes imposed by— ‘‘(I) section 1401 on the self-employment in-come of the taxpayer for the taxable year, ‘‘(II) section 3101 on wages received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(III) section 3111 on wages paid by an em-ployer with respect to employment of the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, ‘‘(IV) sections 3201(a) and 3211(a) on com-pensation received by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, and ‘‘(V) section 3221(a) on compensation paid by an employer with respect to services ren-dered by the taxpayer during the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL REFUND OF  
PAYROLL TAXES .—The term ‘payroll taxes’ shall not include any taxes to the extent the taxpayer is entitled to a special refund of such taxes under section 6413(c). ‘‘(iii) S
PECIAL RULE .—Any amounts paid pursuant to an agreement under section 3121(l) (relating to agreements entered into by American employers with respect to for-eign affiliates) which are equivalent to the taxes referred to in subclause (II) or (III) of clause (i) shall be treated as taxes referred to in such clause. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXPAYERS EXCLUDING  
FOREIGN EARNED INCOME .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any taxpayer for any tax-able year if such taxpayer elects to exclude any amount from gross income under section 911 for such taxable year. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.94 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by 
SA 1851. Mr. RUBIO (for himself, Mr. L
EE, Mr. S ASSE, and Mr. K ENNEDY ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolu-tion on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 46, strike line 5 and all that follows through page 48, line 21, and in-sert the following: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.058 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7757 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(2) C REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be— ‘‘(A) in the case of a joint return, $500,000, and ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who is not married or a married individual filing a sepa-rate return, $250,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) P
ORTION OF CREDIT REFUNDABLE .—Sub- section (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by sub-stituting— ‘‘(A) ‘15.3 percent’ for ‘15 percent’, and ‘‘(B) ‘$0’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) I
NCREASE IN CORPORATE TAXRATE.— Subsection (b) of section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘20.94 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by 
SA 1852. Mr. CORNYN (for Mr. C RUZ (for himself, Mr. C
OTTON , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. S
ASSE)) proposed an amend-ment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. M
URKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, insert the following: 
SEC. 11033. 529 ACCOUNT FUNDING FOR ELEMEN-TARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF ELEMENTARY AND SEC -
ONDARY TUITION .—Any reference in this sub-section to the term ‘qualified higher edu-cation expense’ shall include a reference to— ‘‘(A) expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment or attendance at an elemen-tary or secondary public, private, or reli-gious school, and ‘‘(B) expenses for— ‘‘(i) curriculum and curricular materials, ‘‘(ii) books or other instructional mate-rials, ‘‘(iii) online educational materials, ‘‘(iv) tuition for tutoring or educational classes outside of the home (but only if the tutor or instructor is not related to the stu-dent), ‘‘(v) dual enrollment in an institution of higher education, and ‘‘(vi) educational therapies for students with disabilities, in connection with a homeschool (whether treated as a homeschool or a private school for purposes of applicable State law).’’. (2) LIMITATION .—Section 529(e)(3)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The amount of cash distributions from all qualified tuition programs described in sub-section (b)(1)(A)(ii) with respect to a bene-ficiary during any taxable year shall, in the aggregate, include not more than $10,000 in expenses described in subsection (c)(7) in-curred during the taxable year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to con-tributions made after December 31, 2017. (c) O
FFSET .— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF RULES RELATING TO  
HARDSHIP WITHDRAWALS FROM CASH OR DE -
FERRED ARRANGEMENTS .—Section 401(k) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) S
PECIAL RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP  
WITHDRAWALS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(IV)— ‘‘(A) A
MOUNTS WHICH MAY BE WITHDRAWN .— The following amounts may be distributed upon hardship of the employee: ‘‘(i) Contributions to a profit-sharing or stock bonus plan to which section 402(e)(3) applies. ‘‘(ii) Qualified nonelective contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(C)). ‘‘(iii) Qualified matching contributions de-scribed in paragraph (3)(D)(ii)(I). ‘‘(iv) Earnings on any contributions de-scribed in clause (i), (ii), or (iii). ‘‘(B) N
O REQUIREMENT TO TAKE AVAILABLE  
LOAN .—A distribution shall not be treated as failing to be made upon the hardship of an employee solely because the employee does not take any available loan under the plan.″.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(IV) subject to the provisions of para-graph (14), upon hardship of the employee, or″.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SA 1853. Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Mr. L
ANKFORD ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 35, line 9, insert ‘‘In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, the pre-ceding sentence shall not apply to any trust.’’ after ‘‘estate.’’. 
SA 1854. Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
ENNET , Mr. D URBIN , Mr. C ASEY , Mr. W
YDEN , Mrs. M URRAY , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike section 11022 and insert the fol-lowing: SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—There shall be allowed as a credit against the tax imposed by this chapter for the taxable year an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) with respect to each qualifying child of the taxpayer who has attained 6 years of age before the close of such taxable year and for which the taxpayer is allowed a deduc-tion under section 151, an amount equal to $2,000, and ‘‘(2) with respect to each qualifying child of the taxpayer who has not attained 6 years of age before the close of such taxable year and for which the taxpayer is allowed a de-duction under section 151, an amount equal to $2,500. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the credit allowable under subsection (a) (including any increase pursuant to subsection (h)) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by an amount equal to 5 percent of the taxpayer’s adjusted gross income which is in excess of the threshold amount. ‘‘(2) T
HRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of para-graph (1), the term ‘threshold amount’ means— ‘‘(i) $250,000 in the case of a joint return, ‘‘(ii) $200,000 in the case of an individual who is not married, and ‘‘(iii) $125,000 in the case of a married indi-vidual filing a separate return. ‘‘(B) M
ARITAL STATUS .—For purposes of this paragraph, marital status shall be deter-mined under section 7703.’’, (2) in subsection (d)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, subsection (h),’’ after ‘‘this subsection’’, and (B) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (i) by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘45 percent’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘as exceeds $3,000’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(h) A
DDITIONAL CREDIT FOR CERTAIN  O
THER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, the credit determined under subsection (a) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a quali-fying child described in subsection (c). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NON -CITIZENS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD.—In the case of a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2025, paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be applied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(j) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in subsection (a) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(2) R
OUNDING .—If any increase determined under paragraph (1) is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.059 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7758 December 1, 2017 
(c) O FFSETS .— (1) A
DJUSTMENT AND TERMINATION OF COR -
PORATE RATE .—Section 11, as amended by section 13001 of this Act, is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘20 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’ (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) T
ERMINATION OF 25 P ERCENT RATE.—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2027— ‘‘(1) the tax computed under subsection (a) shall be computed in the same manner as such tax was computed under subsection (b) (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), and ‘‘(2) this title shall be applied and adminis-tered as if the amendments made by section 13002 of such Act had not been enacted.’’. (2) A
DJUSTMENT OF HIGHEST RATE BRACK -
ET.— (A) J
OINT RETURNS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(A), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘Over $1,000,000 ............... $301,479, plus 39.6% of the excess over $1,000,000.’’. 
(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(B), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 ................. $149,348, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS .—The last row of the table contained in section 1(j)(2)(C), as added by section 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 ................. $150,739.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The last row of the table con-tained in section 1(j)(2)(D), as added by sec-tion 11001(a), is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘Over $500,000 ................. $150,739.50, plus 39.6% of the excess over $500,000.’’. 
(E) E FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this paragraph shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (3) G
LOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW -TAXED INCOME  
ON A COUNTRY -BY-COUNTRY BASIS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 951(a), as added by section 14201 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) D
ETERMINATION OF GLOBAL INTANGIBLE  L
OW-TAXED INCOME ON A COUNTRY -BY-COUN -
TRYRATHER THANAGGREGATE BASIS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, the global in-tangible low-taxed income of any United States shareholder for any taxable year shall be determined separately with respect to each foreign country by taking into account such shareholder’s pro rata share of net CFC tested income and net deemed tangible in-come return which is properly allocable to such foreign country. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION .—The Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to provide for the application of this section, and any provision of this title to which this section relates, on a country-by-country rather than an aggregate basis.’’. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if included in the amendments made by sec-tion 14201 of this Act. 
SA 1855. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 proposed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H ATCH (for himself and Ms. MURKOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent res-olution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; as follows: 
Strike all after the first word and insert the following: TITLE I 
SEC. 11000. SHORT TITLE, ETC. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘Tax Cuts and Jobs Act’’. (b) A
MENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is ex-pressed in terms of an amendment to, or re-peal of, a section or other provision, the ref-erence shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Individual Tax Reform PART I—TAX RATE REFORM 
SEC. 11001. MODIFICATION OF RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(j) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (i) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) this section (other than subsection (i)) shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7). ‘‘(2) R
ATE TABLES .— ‘‘(A) M
ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING JOINT RE -
TURNS AND SURVIVING SPOUSES .—The fol- lowing table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (a): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $19,050 ............... 10% of taxable income. Over $19,050 but not over $77,400 .......................... $1,905, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $19,050. Over $77,400 but not over $140,000 ......................... $8,907, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $77,400. Over $140,000 but not over $320,000 ......................... $22,679, plus 24% of the excess over $140,000. Over $320,000 but not over $400,000 ......................... $65,879, plus 32% of the excess over $320,000. Over $400,000 but not over $1,000,000 ...................... $91,479, plus 35% of the excess over $400,000. Over $1,000,000 ................. $301,479, plus 38.5% of the excess over $1,000,000. 
‘‘(B) H EADS OF HOUSEHOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (b): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $13,600 ............... 10% of taxable income. Over $13,600 but not over $51,800 .......................... $1,360, plus 12% of the ex-cess over $13,600. Over $51,800 but not over $70,000 .......................... $5,944, plus 22% of the ex-cess over $51,800. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $9,948, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $31,548, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000 ......................... $44,348, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $149,348, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(C) U NMARRIED INDIVIDUALS OTHER THAN  
SURVIVING SPOUSES AND HEADS OF HOUSE -
HOLDS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table contained in subsection (c): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. ‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. ‘‘(D) M ARRIED INDIVIDUALS FILING SEPARATE  
RETURNS .—The following table shall be ap-plied in lieu of the table contained in sub-section (d): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $9,525 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $9,525 but not over $38,700 .......................... $952.50, plus 12% of the excess over $9,525. Over $38,700 but not over $70,000 .......................... $4,453.50, plus 22% of the excess over $38,700. Over $70,000 but not over $160,000 ......................... $11,339.50, plus 24% of the excess over $70,000. Over $160,000 but not over $200,000 ......................... $32,939.50, plus 32% of the excess over $160,000. Over $200,000 but not over $500,000 ......................... $45,739.50, plus 35% of the excess over $200,000. Over $500,000 ................... $150,739.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $500,000. 
‘‘(E) E STATES AND TRUSTS .—The following table shall be applied in lieu of the table con-tained in subsection (e): 
‘‘If taxable income is: The tax is: Not over $2,550 ................ 10% of taxable income. Over $2,550 but not over $9,150 ............................ $255, plus 24% of the ex-cess over $2,550. Over $9,150 but not over $12,500 .......................... $1,839, plus 35% of the ex-cess over $9,150. Over $12,500 ..................... $3,011.50, plus 38.5% of the excess over $12,500. 
‘‘(F) R EFERENCES TO RATE TABLES .—Any reference in this title to a rate of tax under subsection (c) shall be treated as a reference to the corresponding rate bracket under sub-paragraph (C) of this paragraph, except that the reference in section 3402(q)(1) to the third lowest rate of tax applicable under sub-section (c) shall be treated as a reference to the fourth lowest rate of tax under subpara-graph (C). ‘‘(3) A
DJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) N
O ADJUSTMENT IN 2018 .—The tables contained in paragraph (2) shall apply with-out adjustment for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2019. ‘‘(B) S
UBSEQUENT YEARS .—For taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe tables which shall apply in lieu of the tables contained in para-graph (2) in the same manner as under para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (f), except that in prescribing such tables— ‘‘(i) subsection (f)(3) shall be applied by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof, ‘‘(ii) subsection (f)(7)(B) shall apply to any unmarried individual other than a surviving spouse or head of household, and ‘‘(iii) subsection (f)(8) shall not apply. ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CERTAIN CHILDREN  
WITH UNEARNED INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a child to whom subsection (g) applies for the taxable year, the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) shall apply in lieu of the rule under sub-section (g)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.060 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7759 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(B) M ODIFICATIONS TO APPLICABLE RATE  
BRACKETS .—In determining the amount of tax imposed by this section for the taxable year on a child described in subparagraph (A), the income tax table otherwise applica-ble under this subsection to the child shall be applied with the following modifications: ‘‘(i) 24-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 24 percent shall not be more than the earned taxable income of such child. ‘‘(ii) 35-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The maximum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 35 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 35-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(iii) 38.5-
PERCENT BRACKET .—The max-imum taxable income which is taxed at a rate below 38.5 percent shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the minimum taxable income for the 38.5-percent bracket in the table under para-graph (2)(E) (as adjusted under paragraph (3)) for the taxable year. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH CAPITAL GAINS  
RATES .—For purposes of applying section 1(h) (after the modifications under paragraph (5))— ‘‘(i) the maximum zero rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(i)(IV) for the taxable year, and ‘‘(ii) the maximum 15-percent rate amount shall not be more than the sum of— ‘‘(I) the earned taxable income of such child, plus ‘‘(II) the amount in effect under paragraph (5)(B)(ii)(IV) for the taxable year. ‘‘(D) E
ARNED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘earned taxable income’ means, with respect to any child for any taxable year, the taxable in-come of such child reduced (but not below zero) by the net unearned income (as defined in subsection (g)(4)) of such child. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICATION OF CURRENT INCOME TAX  
BRACKETS TO CAPITAL GAINS BRACKETS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1(h)(1) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘below the maximum zero rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 25 percent’ in subparagraph (B)(i), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘below the maximum 15-percent rate amount’ for ‘which would (without regard to this paragraph) be taxed at a rate below 39.6 percent’ in subparagraph (C)(ii)(I). ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNTS DEFINED .—For pur- poses of applying section 1(h) with the modi-fications described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) M
AXIMUM ZERO RATE AMOUNT .—The maximum zero rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $77,200, ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is a head of household (as defined in section 2(b)), $51,700, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), an amount equal to 
1⁄2of the amount in effect for the taxable year under subclause (I), and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $2,600. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM 15 -PERCENT RATE AMOUNT .— The maximum 15-percent rate amount shall be— ‘‘(I) in the case of a joint return or sur-viving spouse, $479,000 (
1⁄2such amount in the case of a married individual filing a separate return), ‘‘(II) in the case of an individual who is the head of a household (as defined in section 2(b)), $452,400, ‘‘(III) in the case of any other individual (other than an estate or trust), $425,800, and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an estate or trust, $12,700. ‘‘(C) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, each of the dollar amounts in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under subsection (f)(3) for the cal-endar year in which the taxable year begins, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(6) S
ECTION 15 NOT TO APPLY .—Section 15 shall not apply to any change in a rate of tax by reason of this subsection.’’. (b) D
UEDILIGENCE TAXPREPARER REQUIRE -
MENT WITHRESPECT TO HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD  F
ILING STATUS .—Subsection (g) of section 6695 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) F
AILURE TO BEDILIGENT IN DETER -
MINING ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN TAXBENE-
FITS.—Any person who is a tax return pre-parer with respect to any return or claim for refund who fails to comply with due dili-gence requirements imposed by the Sec-retary by regulations with respect to deter-mining— ‘‘(1) eligibility to file as a head of house-hold (as defined in section 2(b)) on the re-turn, or ‘‘(2) eligibility for, or the amount of, the credit allowable by section 24, 25A(a)(1), or 32, shall pay a penalty of $500 for each such fail-ure.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11002. INFLATION ADJUSTMENTS BASED ON CHAINED CPI. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (3) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The cost-of-living ad-justment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016, multi-plied by the amount determined under sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—The amount determined under this clause is the amount obtained by dividing— ‘‘(i) the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016, by ‘‘(ii) the CPI for calendar year 2016. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ADJUSTMENTS WITH  
A BASE YEAR AFTER 2016 .—For purposes of any provision of this title which provides for the substitution of a year after 2016 for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the C-CPI-U for calendar year 2016’ for ‘the CPI for calendar year 2016’ and all that follows in clause (ii) thereof.’’. (b) C-CPI-U.—Subsection (f) of section 1 is amended by striking paragraph (7), by redes-ignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7), and by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C-CPI-U.—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘C-CPI-U’ means the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Depart-ment of Labor). The values of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers taken into account for purposes of determining the cost-of-living adjustment for any calendar year under this subsection shall be the latest values so published as of the date on which such Bureau publishes the initial value of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers for the month of August for the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(B) DETERMINATION FOR CALENDAR YEAR .— The C-CPI-U for any calendar year is the av-erage of the C-CPI-U as of the close of the 12- month period ending on August 31 of such calendar year.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO PERMANENT TAXTA-
BLES.—Section 1(f)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘, determined by substituting ‘1992’ for ‘2016’ in paragraph (3)(A)(ii)’’. (d) A
PPLICATION TO OTHER INTERNAL REV-
ENUE CODE OF 1986 P ROVISIONS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’: (A) Section 23(h)(2). (B) Paragraphs (1)(A)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii) of section 25A(h). (C) Section 25B(b)(3)(B). (D) Subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(II), and clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (j)(1)(B), of section 32. (E) Section 36B(f)(2)(B)(ii)(II). (F) Section 41(e)(5)(C)(i). (G) Subsections (e)(3)(D)(ii) and (h)(3)(H)(i)(II) of section 42. (H) Section 45R(d)(3)(B)(ii). (I) Section 55(d)(4)(A)(ii). (J) Section 62(d)(3)(B). (K) Section 63(c)(4)(B). (L) Section 125(i)(2)(B). (M) Section 135(b)(2)(B)(ii). (N) Section 137(f)(2). (O) Section 146(d)(2)(B). (P) Section 147(c)(2)(H)(ii). (Q) Section 151(d)(4)(B). (R) Section 179(b)(6)(A)(ii). (S) Subsections (b)(5)(C)(i)(II) and (g)(8)(B) of section 219. (T) Section 220(g)(2). (U) Section 221(f)(1)(B). (V) Section 223(g)(1)(B). (W) Section 408A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (X) Section 430(c)(7)(D)(vii)(II). (Y) Section 512(d)(2)(B). (Z) Section 513(h)(2)(C)(ii). (AA) Section 831(b)(2)(D)(ii). (BB) Section 877A(a)(3)(B)(i)(II). (CC) Section 2010(c)(3)(B)(ii). (DD) Section 2032A(a)(3)(B). (EE) Section 2503(b)(2)(B). (FF) Section 4261(e)(4)(A)(ii). (GG) Section 5000A(c)(3)(D)(ii). (HH) Section 6323(i)(4)(B). (II) Section 6334(g)(1)(B). (JJ) Section 6601(j)(3)(B). (KK) Section 6651(i)(1). (LL) Section 6652(c)(7)(A). (MM) Section 6695(h)(1). (NN) Section 6698(e)(1). (OO) Section 6699(e)(1). (PP) Section 6721(f)(1). (QQ) Section 6722(f)(1). (RR) Section 7345(f)(2). (SS) Section 7430(c)(1). (TT) Section 9831(d)(2)(D)(ii)(II). (2) Sections 41(e)(5)(C)(ii) and 68(b)(2)(B) are each amended— (A) by striking ‘‘1(f)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘1(f)(3)(A)(ii)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘1992’’ and inserting ‘‘2016’’. (3) Section 42(h)(6)(G) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1987’’’ in clause (i)(II) and inserting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7760 December 1, 2017 
(B) by striking ‘‘if the CPI for any calendar year’’ and all that follows in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘if the C-CPI-U for any calendar year (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) exceeds the C-CPI-U for the preceding calendar year by more than 5 percent, the C-CPI-U for the base calendar year shall be increased such that such excess shall never be taken into account under clause (i). In the case of a base calendar year before 2017, the C-CPI-U for such year shall be determined by multi-plying the CPI for such year by the amount determined under section 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (4) Section 59(j)(2)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and in-serting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (5) Section 132(f)(6)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘calendar year 1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subpara-graph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (6) Section 162(o)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘adjusted for changes in the Consumer Price Index (as defined in section 1(f)(5)) since 1991’’ and inserting ‘‘adjusted by increasing any such amount under the 1991 agreement by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1990’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof’’. (7) So much of clause (ii) of section 213(d)(10)(B) as precedes the last sentence is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) M
EDICAL CARE COST ADJUSTMENT .—For purposes of clause (i), the medical care cost adjustment for any calendar year is the per-centage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the medical care component of the C- CPI-U (as defined in section 1(f)(6)) for Au-gust of the preceding calendar year, exceeds ‘‘(II) such component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for August of 1996, multi-plied by the amount determined under sec-tion 1(f)(3)(B).’’. (8) Subparagraph (B) of section 280F(d)(7) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) A
UTOMOBILE PRICE INFLATION ADJUST -
MENT .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The automobile price in-flation adjustment for any calendar year is the percentage (if any) by which— ‘‘(I) the C-CPI-U automobile component for October of the preceding calendar year, ex-ceeds ‘‘(II) the automobile component of the CPI (as defined in section 1(f)(4)) for October of 1987, multiplied by the amount determined under 1(f)(3)(B). ‘‘(ii) C-CPI-U 
AUTOMOBILE COMPONENT .—The term ‘C-CPI-U automobile component’ means the automobile component of the Chained Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers (as described in section 1(f)(6)).’’. (9) Section 911(b)(2)(D)(ii)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (10) Paragraph (2) of section 1274A(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any debt instrument arising out of a sale or exchange during any calendar year after 1989, each dollar amount contained in the preceding provisions of this section shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1988’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (11) Section 4161(b)(2)(C)(i)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (12) Section 4980I(b)(3)(C)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘for ‘1992’ in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘for ‘2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii)’’. (13) Section 6039F(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘subparagraph (B) thereof shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘1992’’’ and in-serting ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof shall be applied by substituting ‘1995’ for ‘2016’’’. (14) Section 7872(g)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) ADJUSTMENT OF LIMIT FOR INFLATION .— In the case of any loan made during any cal-endar year after 1986, the dollar amount in paragraph (2) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) such amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 1985’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100 (or, if such increase is a multiple of $50, such increase shall be increased to the near-est multiple of $100).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME OF PASS-THRU ENTI-TIES 
SEC. 11011. DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED BUSI-NESS INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 199A. QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a corporation, there shall be al-lowed as a deduction for any taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the combined qualified business in-come amount of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(2) an amount equal to 23 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) any net capital gain (as defined in sec-tion 1(h)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) C
OMBINED QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘combined qualified business income amount’ means, with respect to any taxable year, an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) the sum of the amounts determined under paragraph (2) for each qualified trade or business carried on by the taxpayer, plus ‘‘(B) 23 percent of the aggregate amount of the qualified REIT dividends and qualified cooperative dividends of the taxpayer for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNT  
FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amount determined under this paragraph with re-spect to any qualified trade or business is the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 23 percent of the taxpayer’s qualified business income with respect to the qualified trade or business, or ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the W-2 wages with re-spect to the qualified trade or business. ‘‘(3) M
ODIFICATIONS TO THE WAGE LIMIT  
BASED ON TAXABLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) E
XCEPTION FROM WAGE LIMIT .—In the case of any taxpayer whose taxable income for the taxable year does not exceed the threshold amount, paragraph (2) shall be ap-plied without regard to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) PHASE -IN OF LIMIT FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) the taxable income of a taxpayer for any taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, but does not exceed the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), and ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this subparagraph) with respect to any quali-fied trade or business carried on by the tax-payer is less than the amount determined under paragraph (2)(A) with respect such trade or business, then paragraph (2) shall be applied with re-spect to such trade or business without re-gard to subparagraph (B) thereof and by re-ducing the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A) thereof by the amount deter-mined under clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNT OF REDUCTION .—The amount determined under this subparagraph is the amount which bears the same ratio to the excess amount as— ‘‘(I) the amount by which the taxpayer’s taxable income for the taxable year exceeds the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(II) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(iii) E
XCESS AMOUNT .—For purposes of clause (ii), the excess amount is the excess of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(A) (determined without regard to this paragraph), over ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B) (determined without regard to this paragraph). ‘‘(4) W
AGES , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘W-2 wages’ means, with respect to any person for any taxable year of such person, the amounts de-scribed in paragraphs (3) and (8) of section 6051(a) paid by such person with respect to employment of employees by such person during the calendar year ending during such taxable year. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION TO WAGES ATTRIBUTABLE TO  
QUALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not prop-erly allocable to qualified business income for purposes of subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(C) R
ETURN REQUIREMENT .—Such term shall not include any amount which is not properly included in a return filed with the Social Security Administration on or before the 60th day after the due date (including ex-tensions) for such return. ‘‘(5) A
CQUISITIONS , DISPOSITIONS , AND SHORT  
TAXABLE YEARS .—The Secretary shall pro-vide for the application of this subsection in cases of a short taxable year or where the taxpayer acquires, or disposes of, the major portion of a trade or business or the major portion of a separate unit of a trade or busi-ness during the taxable year. ‘‘(c) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness income’ means, for any taxable year, the net amount of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER OF LOSSES .—If the net amount of qualified income, gain, deduction, and loss with respect to qualified trade or businesses of the taxpayer amount for any taxable year is less than zero, such amount shall be treated as a loss from a qualified trade or business in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED ITEMS OF INCOME , GAIN, DE-
DUCTION , AND LOSS .—For purposes of this sub-section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7761 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified items of income, gain, deduction, and loss’ means items of income, gain, deduction, and loss to the extent such items are— ‘‘(i) effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States (within the meaning of section 864(c), determined by substituting ‘qualified trade or business (within the meaning of section 199A)’ for ‘nonresident alien individual or a foreign corporation’ or for ‘a foreign corpora-tion’ each place it appears), and ‘‘(ii) included or allowed in determining taxable income for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The following invest-ment items shall not be taken into account as a qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, or loss: ‘‘(i) Any item of short-term capital gain, short-term capital loss, long-term capital gain, or long-term capital loss. ‘‘(ii) Any dividend, income equivalent to a dividend, or payment in lieu of dividends de-scribed in section 954(c)(1)(G). ‘‘(iii) Any interest income other than in-terest income which is properly allocable to a trade or business. ‘‘(iv) Any item of gain or loss described in subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 954(c)(1) (applied by substituting ‘qualified trade or business’ for ‘controlled foreign corpora-tion’). ‘‘(v) Any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss taken into account under section 954(c)(1)(F) (determined without regard to clause (ii) thereof and other than items at-tributable to notional principal contracts en-tered into in transactions qualifying under section 1221(a)(7)). ‘‘(vi) Any amount received from an annu-ity which is not received in connection with the trade or business. ‘‘(vii) Any item of deduction or loss prop-erly allocable to an amount described in any of the preceding clauses. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF REASONABLE COMPENSA -
TION AND GUARANTEED PAYMENTS .—Qualified business income shall not include— ‘‘(A) reasonable compensation paid to the taxpayer by any qualified trade or business of the taxpayer for services rendered with re-spect to the trade or business, ‘‘(B) any guaranteed payment described in section 707(c) paid to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or busi-ness, and ‘‘(C) to the extent provided in regulations, any payment described in section 707(a) to a partner for services rendered with respect to the trade or business. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED TRADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified trade or business’ means any trade or business other than a specified service trade or busi-ness or the trade or business of performing services as an employee. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED SERVICE TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.—The term ‘specified service trade or business’ means any trade or business in-volving the performance of services de-scribed in section 1202(e)(3)(A), including in-vesting and investment management, trad-ing, or dealing in securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2)), partnership interests, or commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)). ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SPECIFIED SERVICE BUSI -
NESSES BASED ON TAXPAYER ’S INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year, the taxable income of any taxpayer is less than the sum of the threshold amount plus $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return), then— ‘‘(i) the exception under paragraph (1) shall not apply to specified service trades or busi-nesses of the taxpayer for the taxable year, but ‘‘(ii) only the applicable percentage of qualified items of income, gain, deduction, or loss, and the W-2 wages, of the taxpayer allocable to such specified service trades or businesses shall be taken into account in computing the qualified business income and W-2 wages of the taxpayer for the taxable year for purposes of applying this section. ‘‘(B) APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘applica-ble percentage’ means, with respect to any taxable year, 100 percent reduced (not below zero) by the percentage equal to the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the taxable income of the taxpayer for the taxable year in excess of the threshold amount, bears to ‘‘(ii) $50,000 ($100,000 in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(e) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) T
AXABLE INCOME .—Taxable income shall be computed without regard to the de-duction allowable under this section. ‘‘(2) T
HRESHOLD AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘threshold amount’ means $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the dollar amount in paragraph (1) shall be in-creased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED REIT DIVIDEND .—The term ‘qualified REIT dividend’ means any divi-dend from a real estate investment trust re-ceived during the taxable year which— ‘‘(A) is not a capital gain dividend, as de-fined in section 857(b)(3), and ‘‘(B) is not qualified dividend income, as defined in section 1(h)(11). ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED COOPERATIVE DIVIDEND .— The term ‘qualified cooperative dividend’ means any patronage dividend (as defined in section 1388(a)), any per-unit retain alloca-tion (as defined in section 1388(f)), and any qualified written notice of allocation (as de-fined in section 1388(c)), or any similar amount received from an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii), which— ‘‘(A) is includible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) is received from— ‘‘(i) an organization or corporation de-scribed in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a), or ‘‘(ii) an organization which is governed under this title by the rules applicable to co-operatives under this title before the enact-ment of subchapter T. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS AND S  
CORPORATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a partner-ship or S corporation— ‘‘(i) this section shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, ‘‘(ii) each partner or shareholder shall take into account such person’s allocable share of each qualified item of income, gain, deduc-tion, and loss, and ‘‘(iii) each partner or shareholder shall be treated for purposes of subsection (b) as hav-ing W-2 wages for the taxable year in an amount equal to such person’s allocable share of the W-2 wages of the partnership or S corporation for the taxable year (as deter-mined under regulations prescribed by the Secretary). For purposes of clause (iii), a partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of W-2 wages shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s or shareholder’s allocable share of wage expenses. For purposes of this sub-paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(B) APPLICATION TO TRUSTS AND ES -
TATES .—This section shall not apply to any trust or estate. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF TRADES OR BUSINESS IN  
PUERTO RICO .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-payer with qualified business income from sources within the commonwealth of Puerto Rico, if all such income is taxable under sec-tion 1 for such taxable year, then for pur-poses of determining the qualified business income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, the term ‘United States’ shall include the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLYING WAGE LIM -
ITATION .—In the case of any taxpayer de-scribed in clause (i), the determination of W- 2 wages of such taxpayer with respect to any qualified trade or business conducted in Puerto Rico shall be made without regard to any exclusion under section 3401(a)(8) for re-muneration paid for services in Puerto Rico. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH MINIMUM TAX .—For purposes of determining alternative min-imum taxable income under section 55, qualified business income shall be deter-mined without regard to any adjustments under sections 56 through 59. ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION LIMITED TO INCOME TAXES .— The deduction under subsection (a) shall only be allowed for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as are necessary to carry out the purposes of this section, in-cluding regulations— ‘‘(A) for requiring or restricting the alloca-tion of items and wages under this section and such reporting requirements as the Sec-retary determines appropriate, and ‘‘(B) for the application of this section in the case of tiered entities. ‘‘(g) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED TO SPECIFIED AG-
RICULTURAL OR HORTICULTURAL COOPERA -
TIVES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year of a specified agricultural or horti-cultural cooperative beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2018, there shall be allowed a deduc-tion in an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) 23 percent of the cooperative’s taxable income for the taxable year, or ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the W-2 wages of the co-operative with respect to its trade or busi-ness. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED AGRICULTURAL OR HORTI -
CULTURAL COOPERATIVE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘specified agricultural or horticultural cooperative’ means an orga-nization to which part I of subchapter T ap-plies which is engaged in— ‘‘(A) the manufacturing, production, growth, or extraction in whole or significant part of any agricultural or horticultural product, ‘‘(B) the marketing of agricultural or hor-ticultural products which its patrons have so manufactured, produced, grown, or ex-tracted, or ‘‘(C) the provision of supplies, equipment, or services to farmers or to organizations de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(h) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2025.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO PUBLICLY TRADED  P
ARTNERSHIPS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 199A(b)(1)(B), as added by subsection (a), is amended by strik-ing ‘‘and qualified cooperative dividends’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7762 December 1, 2017 
and inserting ‘‘, qualified cooperative divi-dends, and qualified publicly traded partner-ship income’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNER -
SHIP INCOME .—Section 199A(e), as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED PUBLICLY TRADED PARTNER -
SHIP INCOME .—The term ‘qualified publicly traded partnership income’ means, with re-spect to any qualified trade or business of a taxpayer, the sum of— ‘‘(A) the net amount of such taxpayer’s al-locable share of each qualified item of in-come, gain, deduction, and loss (as defined in subsection (c)(3) and determined after the application of subsection (c)(4)) from a pub-licly traded partnership (as defined in sec-tion 7704(a)) which is not treated as a cor-poration under section 7704(c), plus ‘‘(B) any gain recognized by such taxpayer upon disposition of its interest in such part-nership to the extent such gain is treated as an amount realized from the sale or ex-change of property other than a capital asset under section 751(a).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 199A(c)(1), as added by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such term shall not include any qualified publicly traded partnership in-come.’’. (c) A
CCURACY -RELATED PENALTY ON DETER -
MINATION OF APPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Sec- tion 6662(d)(1) is amended by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXPAYERS CLAIM -
ING SECTION 199A DEDUCTION .—In the case of any taxpayer who claims the deduction al-lowed under section 199A for the taxable year, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 170(b)(2)(D) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, and’’ at the end of clause (iv), by re-designating clause (v) as clause (vi), and by inserting after clause (iv) the following new clause: ‘‘(v) section 199A, and’’. (2) Section 172(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS INCOME DEDUC -
TION.—The deduction under section 199A shall not be allowed.’’. (3) Section 246(b)(1) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘199A,’’ before ‘‘243(a)(1)’’. (4) Section 613(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199A’’ after ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by redes-ignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (B), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) any deduction allowable under section 199A,’’. (6) The table of sections for part VI of sub-chapter B of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 199A. Qualified business income.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11012. LIMITATION ON LOSSES FOR TAX-PAYERS OTHER THAN CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 461 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON EXCESS BUSINESS  L
OSSES OF NONCORPORATE TAXPAYERS .— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION .—In the case of taxable year of a taxpayer other than a corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) subsection (j) (relating to limitation on excess farm losses of certain taxpayers) shall not apply, and ‘‘(B) any excess business loss of the tax-payer for the taxable year shall not be al-lowed. ‘‘(2) DISALLOWED LOSS CARRYOVER .—Any loss which is disallowed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as a net operating loss car-ryover to the following taxable year under section 172. ‘‘(3) E
XCESS BUSINESS LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess busi-ness loss’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate deductions of the tax-payer for the taxable year which are attrib-utable to trades or businesses of such tax-payer (determined without regard to whether or not such deductions are disallowed for such taxable year under paragraph (1)), over ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate gross income or gain of such taxpayer for the taxable year which is attributable to such trades or businesses, plus ‘‘(II) $250,000 (200 percent of such amount in the case of a joint return). ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $250,000 amount in sub-paragraph (A)(ii)(II) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $1,000. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION OF SUBSECTION IN CASE OF  
PARTNERSHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation— ‘‘(A) this subsection shall be applied at the partner or shareholder level, and ‘‘(B) each partner’s or shareholder’s allo-cable share of the items of income, gain, de-duction, or loss of the partnership or S cor-poration for any taxable year from trades or businesses attributable to the partnership or S corporation shall be taken into account by the partner or shareholder in applying this subsection to the taxable year of such part-ner or shareholder with or within which the taxable year of the partnership or S corpora-tion ends. For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of an S corporation, an allocable share shall be the shareholder’s pro rata share of an item. ‘‘(5) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING .—The Sec-retary shall prescribe such additional report-ing requirements as the Secretary deter-mines appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 469 .—This subsection shall be applied after the applica-tion of section 469.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—TAX BENEFITS FOR FAMILIES AND INDIVIDUALS 
SEC. 11021. INCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 63 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) I
NCREASE IN STANDARD DEDUCTION .— Paragraph (2) shall be applied— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘$18,000’ for ‘$4,400’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) by substituting ‘$12,000’ for ‘$3,000’ in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) ADJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) shall not apply to the dollar amounts contained in paragraphs (2)(B) and (2)(C). ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT OF INCREASED AMOUNTS .— In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2018, the $18,000 and $12,000 amounts in sub-paragraph (A) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11022. INCREASE IN AND MODIFICATION OF CHILD TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 24 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS  2018 T
HROUGH 2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2), (3), (5), (6), (7) and (8). In the case of taxable year be-ginning after 12/31/17 and before 1/1/2025, this section shall be applied as provided in para-graph (4). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be $500,000. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION OF QUALIFYING CHILD .— Paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘18’ for ‘17’. ‘‘(5) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c) (after the applica-tion of paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(6) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF REFUNDABLE  
CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied without regard to para-graphs (2) and (5) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied as if the $1,000 amount in subsection (a) were in-creased (but not to exceed the amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection) by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(7) E
ARNED INCOME THRESHOLD FOR RE -
FUNDABLE CREDIT .—Subsection (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,500’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(8) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7763 December 1, 2017 
return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11023. INCREASED LIMITATION FOR CER-TAIN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(b)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (G) as subparagraph (H) and by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) I
NCREASED LIMITATION FOR CASH CON -
TRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any con-tribution of cash to an organization de-scribed in subparagraph (A), the total amount of such contributions which may be taken into account under subsection (a) for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, shall not exceed 60 percent of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base for such year. ‘‘(ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in clause (i) ex-ceeds the applicable limitation under clause (i) for any taxable year described in such clause, such excess shall be treated (in a manner consistent with the rules of sub-section (d)(1)) as a charitable contribution to which clause (i) applies in each of the 5 suc-ceeding years in order of time. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPARAGRAPHS  
(A) AND (B) .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Contributions taken into account under this subparagraph shall not be taken into account under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION REDUCTION .—For each tax-able year described in clause (i), and each taxable year to which any contribution under this subparagraph is carried over under clause (ii), subparagraph (A) shall be applied by reducing (but not below zero) the contribution limitation allowed for the tax-able year under such subparagraph by the aggregate contributions allowed under this subparagraph for such taxable year, and sub-paragraph (B) shall be applied by treating any reference to subparagraph (A) as a ref-erence to both subparagraph (A) and this subparagraph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11024. INCREASED CONTRIBUTIONS TO ABLE ACCOUNTS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION FOR CONTRIBU -
TIONS FROM COMPENSATION OF INDIVIDUALS  W
ITHDISABILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 529A(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) except in the case of contributions under subsection (c)(1)(C), if such contribu-tion to an ABLE account would result in ag-gregate contributions from all contributors to the ABLE account for the taxable year ex-ceeding the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount in effect under section 2503(b) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, plus ‘‘(ii) in the case of any contribution by a designated beneficiary described in para-graph (7) before January 1, 2026, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) compensation (as defined by section 219(f)(1)) includible in the designated bene-ficiary’s gross income for the taxable year, or ‘‘(II) an amount equal to the poverty line for a one-person household, as determined for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the taxable year begins.’’. (2) RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONTRIBUTION LIMI -
TATION .—Paragraph (2) of section 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A designated beneficiary (or a person acting on behalf of such beneficiary) shall maintain adequate records for purposes of ensuring, and shall be responsible for ensuring, that the requirements of subparagraph (B)(ii) are met.’’ (3) E
LIGIBLE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .— Section 529A(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) S
PECIAL RULES RELATED TO CONTRIBU -
TION LIMIT .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(A) D
ESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .—A des- ignated beneficiary described in this para-graph is an employee (including an employee within the meaning of section 401(c)) with re-spect to whom— ‘‘(i) no contribution is made for the taxable year to a defined contribution plan (within the meaning of section 414(i)) with respect to which the requirements of section 401(a) or 403(a) are met, ‘‘(ii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an annuity contract described in section 403(b), and ‘‘(iii) no contribution is made for the tax-able year to an eligible deferred compensa-tion plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(B) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given such term by section 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902).’’. (b) A
LLOWANCE OF SAVER ’SCREDIT FOR  ABLE C
ONTRIBUTIONS BY ACCOUNT HOLDER .— Section 25B(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end of subpara-graph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by in-serting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) the amount of contributions made be-fore January 1, 2026, by such individual to the ABLE account (within the meaning of section 529A) of which such individual is the designated beneficiary.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11025. ROLLOVERS TO ABLE PROGRAMS FROM 529 PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 529(c)(3)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (I), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(III) before January 1, 2026, to an ABLE account (as defined in section 529A(e)(6)) of the designated beneficiary or a member of the family of the designated beneficiary. Subclause (III) shall not apply to so much of a distribution which, when added to all other contributions made to the ABLE account for the taxable year, exceeds the limitation under section 529A(b)(2)(B)(i).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11026. TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INDIVID-UALS PERFORMING SERVICES IN THE SINAI PENINSULA OF EGYPT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the fol-lowing provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with respect to the applicable period, a qualified hazardous duty area shall be treated in the same manner as if it were a combat zone (as determined under section 112 of such Code): (1) Section 2(a)(3) (relating to special rule where deceased spouse was in missing sta-tus). (2) Section 112 (relating to the exclusion of certain combat pay of members of the Armed Forces). (3) Section 692 (relating to income taxes of members of Armed Forces on death). (4) Section 2201 (relating to members of the Armed Forces dying in combat zone or by reason of combat-zone-incurred wounds, etc.). (5) Section 3401(a)(1) (defining wages relat-ing to combat pay for members of the Armed Forces). (6) Section 4253(d) (relating to the taxation of phone service originating from a combat zone from members of the Armed Forces). (7) Section 6013(f)(1) (relating to joint re-turn where individual is in missing status). (8) Section 7508 (relating to time for per-forming certain acts postponed by reason of service in combat zone). (b) QUALIFIED HAZARDOUS DUTYAREA.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified hazardous duty area’’ means the Sinai Pe-ninsula of Egypt, if as of the date of the en-actment of this section any member of the Armed Forces of the United States is enti-tled to special pay under section 310 of title 37, United States Code (relating to special pay; duty subject to hostile fire or imminent danger), for services performed in such loca-tion. Such term includes such location only during the period such entitlement is in ef-fect. (c) A
PPLICABLE PERIOD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after June 9, 2015, which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—In the case of subsection (a)(5), the applicable period is— (A) the portion of the first taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act which begins on such date, and (B) any subsequent taxable year beginning before January 1, 2026. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the provisions of this section shall take effect on June 9, 2015. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—Subsection (a)(5) shall apply to remuneration paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11027. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITA-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUD-ING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCAR-CERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Pro-tecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1-year’’ and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 11028. TEMPORARY REDUCTION IN MEDICAL EXPENSE DEDUCTION FLOOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 213 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR 2013 T HROUGH  2018.—In the case of any taxable year— ‘‘(1) beginning after December 31, 2012, and ending before January 1, 2017, in the case of a taxpayer if such taxpayer or such tax-payer’s spouse has attained age 65 before the close of such taxable year, and ‘‘(2) beginning after December 31, 2016, and ending before January 1, 2019, in the case of any taxpayer, subsection (a) shall be applied with respect to a taxpayer by substituting ‘7.5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’.’’. (b) M
INIMUM TAXPREFERENCE NOT TO  A
PPLY .—Section 56(b)(1)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence:‘‘This subparagraph shall not apply to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7764 December 1, 2017 
taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016, and ending before January 1, 2019’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 11029. RELIEF FOR 2016 DISASTER AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘‘2016 disaster area’’ means any area with respect to which a major dis-aster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act during calendar year 2016. (b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT  F
UNDS WITHRESPECT TO AREAS DAMAGED BY  2016 D
ISASTERS .— (1) T
AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RE -
TIREMENT PLANS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified 2016 disaster distribution. (B) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distribu-tions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified 2016 disaster distribu-tions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (I) $100,000, over (II) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified 2016 disaster distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (ii) T
REATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (with-out regard to clause (i)) be a qualified 2016 disaster distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any requirement of this title merely because the plan treats such dis-tribution as a qualified 2016 disaster distribu-tion, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any con-trolled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (iii) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of clause (ii), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single em-ployer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified 2016 disaster distribution may, at any time during the 3-year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribu-tion to an eligible retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (ii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS  
OTHER THAN IRAS .—For purposes of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to clause (i) with respect to a qualified 2016 disaster distribution from an eligible retirement plan other than an indi-vidual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the con-tribution, be treated as having received the qualified 2016 disaster distribution in an eli-gible rollover distribution (as defined in sec-tion 402(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) and as having transferred the amount to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (iii) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribu-tion is made pursuant to clause (i) with re-spect to a qualified 2016 disaster distribution from an individual retirement plan (as de-fined by section 7701(a)(37) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified 2016 disaster distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trust-ee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (D) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— (i) Q
UALIFIED 2016 DISASTER DISTRIBUTION .— Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘qualified 2016 disaster distribution’’ means any distribution from an eligible re-tirement plan made on or after January 1, 2016, and before January 1, 2018, to an indi-vidual whose principal place of abode at any time during calendar year 2016 was located in a disaster area described in subsection (a) and who has sustained an economic loss by reason of the events giving rise to the Presi-dential declaration described in subsection (a) which was applicable to such area. (ii) E
LIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (E) I
NCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR  
PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied 2016 disaster distribution, unless the tax-payer elects not to have this subparagraph apply for any taxable year, any amount re-quired to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included rat-ably over the 3-taxable-year period begin-ning with such taxable year. (ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of clause (i), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 shall apply. (F) S
PECIAL RULES .— (i) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, qualified 2016 disaster dis-tribution shall not be treated as eligible roll-over distributions. (ii) Q
UALIFIED 2016 DISASTER DISTRIBUTIONS  
TREATED AS MEETING PLAN DISTRIBUTION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified 2016 dis-aster distribution shall be treated as meet-ing the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND -
MENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If this paragraph applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii)(I). (B) A
MENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—This paragraph shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract which is made— (I) pursuant to any provision of this sec-tion, or pursuant to any regulation under any provision of this section; and (II) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2018, or such later date as the Secretary pre-scribes. In the case of a governmental plan (as de-fined in section 414(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986), subclause (II) shall be ap-plied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under subclause (II). (ii) C
ONDITIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to any amendment unless— (I) during the period— (aa) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in clause (i)(I) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or con-tract amendment not required by this sec-tion or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan); and (bb) ending on the date described in clause (i)(II) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or con-tract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect; and (II) such plan or contract amendment ap-plies retroactively for such period. (c) SPECIAL RULES FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES RELATED TO 2016 M AJOR DISASTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross in-come of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be in-creased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduc-tion as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) N
ET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-re-lated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this para-graph, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses’’ means losses de-scribed in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise in a dis-aster area described in subsection (a) on or after January 1, 2016, and which are attrib-utable to the events giving rise to the Presi-dential declaration described in subsection (a) which was applicable to such area. PART IV—EDUCATION 
SEC. 11031. TREATMENT OF STUDENT LOANS DIS-CHARGED ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR DISABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) D
ISCHARGES ON ACCOUNT OF DEATH OR  
DISABILITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an indi-vidual, gross income for any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, does not include any amount which (but for this subsection) would be in-cludible in gross income for such taxable year by reasons of the discharge (in whole or in part) of any loan described in subpara-graph (B) if such discharge was— ‘‘(i) pursuant to subsection (a) or (d) of sec-tion 437 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 or the parallel benefit under part D of title IV of such Act (relating to the repayment of loan liability), ‘‘(ii) pursuant to section 464(c)(1)(F) of such Act, or ‘‘(iii) otherwise discharged on account of the death or total and permanent disability of the student. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7765 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(B) L OANS DESCRIBED .—A loan is described in this subparagraph if such loan is— ‘‘(i) a student loan (as defined in paragraph (2)), or ‘‘(ii) a private education loan (as defined in section 140(7) of the Consumer Credit Protec-tion Act (15 U.S.C. 1650(7))).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to dis-charges of indebtedness after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11032. INCREASE IN DEDUCTION FOR TEACHER EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (D) of sec-tion 62(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$250’’ and inserting ‘‘$250 ($500 in the case of tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART V—DEDUCTIONS AND EXCLUSIONS 
SEC. 11041. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL EXEMPTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 151 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ in para-graph (4) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (5), in the case of’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) E
XEMPTION AMOUNT .—The term ‘ex-emption amount’ means zero. ‘‘(B) R
EFERENCES .—For purposes of any other provision of this title, the reduction of the exemption amount to zero under sub-paragraph (A) shall not be taken into ac-count in determining whether a deduction is allowed or allowable, or whether a taxpayer is entitled to a deduction, under this sec-tion.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION TO ESTATES AND TRUSTS .— Section 642(b)(2)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, clause (i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the ex-emption amount under section 151(d)’. ‘‘(II) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(aa) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(bb) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR WAGE WITHHOLDING  R
ULES .—Section 3402(a) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘$4,150’ for ‘the amount of one personal exemption pro-vided in section 151(b)’. ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100.’’. (d) EXCEPTION FOR DETERMINING PROPERTY  E
XEMPT FROM LEVY.—Section 6334(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Y
EARS WHEN PERSONAL EXEMPTION  
AMOUNT IS ZERO .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year in which the exemption amount under section 151(d) is zero, paragraph (2) shall not apply and for purposes of paragraph (1) the term ‘exempt amount’ means an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the sum of the amount determined under subparagraph (B) and the standard de-duction, divided by ‘‘(ii) 52. ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT DETERMINED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the amount determined under this subparagraph is $4,150 multiplied by the number of the taxpayer’s dependents for the taxable year in which the levy oc-curs. ‘‘(C) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2018, the $4,150 amount in subparagraph (B) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘2017’ for ‘2016’ in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any increase determined under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $100, such increase shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $100. ‘‘(D) V
ERIFIED STATEMENT .—Unless the tax-payer submits to the Secretary a written and properly verified statement specifying the facts necessary to determine the proper amount under subparagraph (A), subpara-graph (A) shall be applied as if the taxpayer were a married individual filing a separate return with no dependents.’’. (e) P
ERSONS REQUIRED TO MAKE RETURNS  
OFINCOME .—Section 6012 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subsection (a)(1) shall not apply, and every individual who has gross in-come for the taxable year shall be required to make returns with respect to income taxes under subtitle A, except that a return shall not be required of— ‘‘(1) an individual who is not married (de-termined by applying section 7703) and who has gross income for the taxable year which does not exceed the standard deduction ap-plicable to such individual for such taxable year under section 63, or ‘‘(2) an individual entitled to make a joint return if— ‘‘(A) the gross income of such individual, when combined with the gross income of such individual’s spouse, for the taxable year does not exceed the standard deduction which would be applicable to the taxpayer for such taxable year under section 63 if such individual and such individual’s spouse made a joint return, ‘‘(B) such individual and such individual’s spouse have the same household as their home at the close of the taxable year, ‘‘(C) such individual’s spouse does not make a separate return, and ‘‘(D) neither such individual nor such indi-vidual’s spouse is an individual described in section 63(c)(5) who has income (other than earned income) in excess of the amount in ef-fect under section 63(c)(5)(A).’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11042. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
USPENSION OF INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS  
FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual and a taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) foreign real property taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) shall not be taken into account under subsection (a)(1), ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of taxes (other than taxes which are paid or accrued in car-rying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212) taken into account under subsection (a)(1) for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000 ($5,000 in the case of a married individual filing a separate re-turn), ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall only apply to taxes which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity de-scribed in section 212, ‘‘(D) subsection (a)(3) shall not apply to State and local taxes, and ‘‘(E) paragraph (5) shall not apply.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11043. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR HOME EQUITY INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(h)(3)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018, or after December 31, 2025,’’ before ‘‘home eq-uity indebtedness’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11044. MODIFICATION OF DEDUCTION FOR PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (h) of section 165 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) L
IMITATION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—In the case of an individual, any loss described in subsection (c)(3) which (but for this paragraph) would be deductible in a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, shall be allowed only to the extent it is attributable to a Federally declared disaster (as defined in subsection (i)(5)). The preceding sentence shall not apply to any deduction under sec-tion 172 which is carried to such a taxable year from a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to losses in-curred in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11045. SUSPENSION OF MISCELLANEOUS ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 67 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(g) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T
HROUGH 2025.—Notwithstanding subsection (a), no miscellaneous itemized deduction shall be allowed for any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11046. SUSPENSION OF OVERALL LIMITA-TION ON ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 68 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7766 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(f) S ECTION NOT TO APPLY .—This section shall not apply to any taxable year begin-ning after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11047. MODIFICATION OF EXCLUSION OF GAIN FROM SALE OF PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 121 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR SALES OR EX-
CHANGES IN TAXABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH  2025.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In applying this section with respect to sales or exchanges after De-cember 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(A) ‘8-year’ shall be substituted for ‘5- year’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(I), and (c)(1)(B)(i)(I) and para-graphs (7), (9), (10), and (12) of subsection (d), ‘‘(B) ‘5 years’ shall be substituted for ‘2 years’ each place it appears in subsections (a), (b)(3), (b)(4), (b)(5)(C)(ii)(III), and (c)(1)(B)(ii), and ‘‘(C) ‘5-year’ shall be substituted for ‘2- year’ in subsection (b)(3). ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any sale or exchange with respect to which there was a written binding contract in effect before January 1, 2018, and at all times thereafter before the sale or exchange.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to sales and exchanges after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11048. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED BICYCLE COMMUTING REIMBURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(f) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(8) S
USPENSION OF QUALIFIED BICYCLE COM -
MUTING REIMBURSEMENT EXCLUSION .—Para- graph (1)(D) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11049. SUSPENSION OF EXCLUSION FOR QUALIFIED MOVING EXPENSE REIM-BURSEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 132(g) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘For purposes of this sec-tion, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
USPENSION FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018  
THROUGH 2025 .—Except in the case of a mem-ber of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty who moves pursuant to a military order and incident to a permanent change of station, subsection (a)(6) shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11050. SUSPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR MOVING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 217 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(k) S
USPENSION OF DEDUCTION FOR TAX-
ABLE YEARS 2018 T HROUGH 2025.—Except in the case of an individual to whom subsection (g) applies, this section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 11051. LIMITATION ON WAGERING LOSSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 165(d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, the term ‘losses from wagering transactions’ includes any deduction otherwise allowable under this chapter incurred in carrying on any wa-gering transaction.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART VI—INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION 
SEC. 11061. INCREASE IN ESTATE AND GIFT TAX EXEMPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2010(c)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) I
NCREASE IN BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNT .—In the case of estates of decedents dying or gifts made after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘$10,000,000’ for ‘$5,000,000’.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (g) of section 2001 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(g) M
ODIFICATIONS TO TAXPAYABLE .— ‘‘(1) M
ODIFICATIONS TO GIFT TAX PAYABLE TO  
REFLECT DIFFERENT TAX RATES .—For pur- poses of applying subsection (b)(2) with re-spect to 1 or more gifts, the rates of tax under subsection (c) in effect at the dece-dent’s death shall, in lieu of the rates of tax in effect at the time of such gifts, be used both to compute— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by chapter 12 with re-spect to such gifts, and ‘‘(B) the credit allowed against such tax under section 2505, including in computing— ‘‘(i) the applicable credit amount under section 2505(a)(1), and ‘‘(ii) the sum of the amounts allowed as a credit for all preceding periods under section 2505(a)(2). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS TO ESTATE TAX PAYABLE  
TO REFLECT DIFFERENT BASIC EXCLUSION  
AMOUNTS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary or ap-propriate to carry out this section with re-spect to any difference between— ‘‘(A) the basic exclusion amount under sec-tion 2010(c)(3) applicable at the time of the decedent’s death, and ‘‘(B) the basic exclusion amount under such section applicable with respect to any gifts made by the decedent.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to estates of decedents dying and gifts made after Decem-ber 31, 2017. PART VII—TAXPAYER RIGHTS AND TAX ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 11071. EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT FOR CON-TESTING IRS LEVY. 
(a) E XTENSION OF TIME FOR RETURN OF  P
ROPERTY SUBJECT TO LEVY.—Subsection (b) of section 6343 is amended by striking ‘‘9 months’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’. (b) P
ERIOD OF LIMITATION ON SUITS.—Sub- section (c) of section 6532 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘9 months’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘2 years’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘9-month’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘2-year’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) levies made after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and (2) levies made on or before such date if the 9-month period has not expired under section 6343(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (without regard to this section) as of such date. SEC. 11072. MODIFICATION OF USER FEE RE-QUIREMENTS FOR INSTALLMENT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6159 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) I
NSTALLMENT AGREEMENT FEES.— ‘‘(1) L
IMITATION ON FEE AMOUNT .—The amount of any fee imposed on an installment agreement under this section may not exceed the amount of such fee as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) W
AIVER OR REIMBURSEMENT .—In the case of any taxpayer with an adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the ap-plicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary)— ‘‘(A) if the taxpayer has agreed to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit in-strument, no fee shall be imposed on an in-stallment agreement under this section, and ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer is unable to make pay-ments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instru-ment, the Secretary shall, upon completion of the installment agreement, pay the tax-payer an amount equal to any such fees im-posed.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agree-ments entered into on or after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 11073. ATTORNEYS’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 62(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(21) A
TTORNEYS ’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS  
TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any deduction allowable under this chapter for attorney fees and court costs paid by, or on behalf of, the tax-payer in connection with any award under— ‘‘(i) section 7623(b), or ‘‘(ii) any action brought under— ‘‘(I) section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u-6), ‘‘(II) a State false claims act, including a State false claims act with qui tam provi-sions, or ‘‘(III) section 23 of the Commodity Ex-change Act (7 U.S.C. 26). ‘‘(B) M
AY NOT EXCEED AWARD .—Subpara- graph (A) shall not apply to any deduction in excess of the amount includible in the tax-payer’s gross income for the taxable year on account of such award.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 11074. CLARIFICATION OF WHISTLEBLOWER AWARDS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(c) P
ROCEEDS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘proceeds’ includes— ‘‘(1) penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts provided under the internal revenue laws, and ‘‘(2) any proceeds arising from laws for which the Internal Revenue Service is au-thorized to administer, enforce, or inves-tigate, including— ‘‘(A) criminal fines and civil forfeitures, and ‘‘(B) violations of reporting require-ments.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘collected proceeds (in-cluding penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts) resulting from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7767 December 1, 2017 
action’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds collected as a result of the action’’. (b) A
MOUNT OF PROCEEDS DETERMINED  W
ITHOUT REGARD TO AVAILABILITY .—Para- graphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without regard to whether such proceeds are available to the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘in re-sponse to such action’’. (c) D
ISPUTED AMOUNT THRESHOLD .—Section 7623(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘tax, penalties, interest, additions to tax, and ad-ditional amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to informa-tion provided before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which a final determination for an award has not been made before such date of enact-ment. PART VIII—INDIVIDUAL MANDATE 
SEC. 11081. ELIMINATION OF SHARED RESPONSI-BILITY PAYMENT FOR INDIVIDUALS FAILING TO MAINTAIN MINIMUM ES-SENTIAL COVERAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5000A(c) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘2.5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘Zero percent’’, and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘$695’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘$0’’, and (B) by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2018. Subtitle B—Alternative Minimum Tax 
SEC. 12001. INCREASED EXEMPTION FOR INDI-VIDUALS. 
(a) I NCREASED EXEMPTION .—Section 55(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TAXABLE YEARS BE -
GINNING AFTER 2017 AND BEFORE 2026 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘$109,400’ for ‘$78,750’ in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘$70,300’ for ‘$50,600’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (3) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘$208,400’ for ‘$150,000’ in subparagraph (A), ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘$156,300’ for ‘$112,500’ in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(III) in the case of a taxpayer described in paragraph (1)(D), without regard to the sub-stitution under subclause (I). ‘‘(B) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning in a calendar year after 2018, the amounts described in clause (ii) shall each be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, deter-mined by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. ‘‘(ii) A
MOUNTS DESCRIBED .—The amounts described in this clause are the $109,400 amount in subparagraph (A)(i)(I), the $70,300 amount in subparagraph (A)(i)(II), the $208,400 amount in subparagraph (A)(ii)(I), and the $156,300 amount in subparagraph (A)(ii)(II). ‘‘(iii) R
OUNDING .—Any increased amount determined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. Subtitle C—Business-related Provisions PART I—CORPORATE PROVISIONS SEC. 13001. 20-PERCENT CORPORATE TAX RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 11 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF TAX.—The amount of the tax imposed by subsection (a) shall be 20 per-cent of taxable income.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following sections are each amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 11(b)’’: (A) Section 280C(c)(3)(B)(ii)(II). (B) Paragraphs (2)(B) and (6)(A)(ii) of sec-tion 860E(e). (C) Section 7874(e)(1)(B). (2)(A) Part I of subchapter P of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 1201 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 12 is amended by striking para-graphs (4) and (6), and by redesignating para-graph (5) as paragraph (4). (C) Section 453A(c)(3) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘or 1201 (whichever is appropriate)’’. (D) Section 527(b) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(b) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (E) Sections 594(a) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (F) Section 691(c)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘1201,’’. (G) Section 801(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2), and (ii) by striking all that precedes ‘‘is hereby imposed’’ and inserting: ‘‘(a) T
AXIMPOSED .—A tax’’. (H) Section 831(e) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (I) Sections 832(c)(5) and 834(b)(1)(D) are each amended by striking ‘‘sec. 1201 and fol-lowing,’’. (J) Section 852(b)(3)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 11(b)’’. (K) Section 857(b)(3) is amended— (i) by striking subparagraph (A) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (B) through (F) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, (ii) in subparagraph (C), as so redesig-nated— (I) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (A)(ii)’’ in clause (i) thereof and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’, (II) by striking ‘‘the tax imposed by sub-paragraph (A)(ii)’’ in clauses (ii) and (iv) thereof and inserting ‘‘the tax imposed by paragraph (1) on undistributed capital gain’’, (iii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesig-nated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B) or (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (A) or (C)’’, and (iv) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) U
NDISTRIBUTED CAPITAL GAIN .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘undis-tributed capital gain’ means the excess of the net capital gain over the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561) de-termined with reference to capital gain divi-dends only.’’. (L) Section 882(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘, 55, or 1201(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 55’’. (M) Section 904(b) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’ in paragraph (2)(C), (ii) by striking paragraph (3)(D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) C
APITAL GAIN RATE DIFFERENTIAL .— There is a capital gain rate differential for any year if subsection (h) of section 1 applies to such taxable year.’’, and (iii) by striking paragraph (3)(E) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(E) RATE DIFFERENTIAL PORTION .—The rate differential portion of foreign source net capital gain, net capital gain, or the excess of net capital gain from sources within the United States over net capital gain, as the case may be, is the same proportion of such amount as— ‘‘(i) the excess of— ‘‘(I) the highest rate of tax set forth in sub-section (a), (b), (c), (d), or (e) of section 1 (whichever applies), over ‘‘(II) the alternative rate of tax determined under section 1(h), bears to ‘‘(ii) that rate referred to in subclause (I).’’. (N) Section 1374(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4). (O) Section 1381(b) is amended by striking ‘‘taxes imposed by section 11 or 1201’’ and in-serting ‘‘tax imposed by section 11’’. (P) Sections 6425(c)(1)(A) and 6655(g)(1)(A)(i) are each amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a),’’. (Q) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or 1201(a)’’. (3)(A) Section 1445(e)(1) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the gain’’ and inserting ‘‘multiplied by the gain’’. (B) Section 1445(e)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘35 percent of the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b) multiplied by the amount’’. (C) Section 1445(e)(6) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the highest rate of tax in effect for the tax-able year under section 11(b)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘of the amount’’ and in-serting ‘‘multiplied by the amount’’. (D) Section 1446(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘section 11(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 11(b)’’. (4) Section 852(b)(1) is amended by striking the last sentence. (5)(A) Part I of subchapter B of chapter 5 is amended by striking section 1551 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 535(c)(5) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) C
ROSS REFERENCE .—For limitation on credit provided in paragraph (2) or (3) in the case of certain controlled corporations, see section 1561.’’. (6)(A) Section 1561(a) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (1) and redesig-nating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively, (ii) by striking ‘‘amounts specified in para-graph (1) and the amount specified in para-graph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘the amount speci-fied in paragraph (2)’’, (iii) by striking ‘‘The amounts specified in paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘The amounts specified in paragraph (1)’’, (iv) by striking the third sentence in the flush language, and (v) by striking ‘‘under paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘under paragraph (2)’’. (B) The first sentence of section 1561(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘If a corporation has a short taxable year which does not in-clude a December 31 and is a component member of a controlled group of corpora-tions with respect to such taxable year, then for purposes of this subtitle the amount to be used in computing the accumulated earn-ings credit under section 535(c)(2) and (3) of such corporation for such taxable year shall be the amount specified in subsection (a)(1) divided by the number of corporations which are component members of such group on the last day of such taxable year.’’ (7) Section 7518(g)(6)(A) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7768 December 1, 2017 
(A) by striking ‘‘With respect to the por-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of a tax-payer other than a corporation, with respect to the portion’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(34 percent in the case of a corporation)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. (2) W
ITHHOLDING .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(3) shall apply to distribu-tions made after December 31, 2018. (3) C
ERTAIN TRANSFERS .—The amendments made by subsection (b)(6) shall apply to transfers made after December 31, 2018. (d) N
ORMALIZATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A normalization method of accounting shall not be treated as being used with respect to any public utility prop-erty for purposes of section 167 or 168 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 if the tax-payer, in computing its cost of service for ratemaking purposes and reflecting oper-ating results in its regulated books of ac-count, reduces the excess tax reserve more rapidly or to a greater extent than such re-serve would be reduced under the average rate assumption method. (2) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—If, as of the first day of the taxable year that includes the date of enactment of this Act— (A) the taxpayer was required by a regu-latory agency to compute depreciation for public utility property on the basis of an av-erage life or composite rate method, and (B) the taxpayer’s books and underlying records did not contain the vintage account data necessary to apply the average rate as-sumption method, the taxpayer will be treated as using a nor-malization method of accounting if, with re-spect to such jurisdiction, the taxpayer uses the alternative method for public utility property that is subject to the regulatory authority of that jurisdiction. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
XCESS TAX RESERVE .—The term ‘‘ex-cess tax reserve’’ means the excess of— (i) the reserve for deferred taxes (as de-scribed in section 168(i)(9)(A)(ii) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) as determined under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, over (ii) the amount which would be the balance in such reserve if the amount of such reserve were determined by assuming that the cor-porate rate reductions provided in this Act were in effect for all prior periods. (B) A
VERAGE RATE ASSUMPTION METHOD .— The average rate assumption method is the method under which the excess in the re-serve for deferred taxes is reduced over the remaining lives of the property as used in its regulated books of account which gave rise to the reserve for deferred taxes. Under such method, if timing differences for the prop-erty reverse, the amount of the adjustment to the reserve for the deferred taxes is cal-culated by multiplying— (i) the ratio of the aggregate deferred taxes for the property to the aggregate timing dif-ferences for the property as of the beginning of the period in question, by (ii) the amount of the timing differences which reverse during such period. (C) A
LTERNATIVE METHOD .—The ‘‘alter-native method’’ is the method in which the taxpayer— (i) computes the excess tax reserve on all public utility property included in the plant account on the basis of the weighted average life or composite rate used to compute depre-ciation for regulatory purposes, and (ii) reduces the excess tax reserve ratably over the remaining regulatory life of the property. (4) TAX INCREASED FOR NORMALIZATION VIO -
LATION .—If, for any taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of this Act, the taxpayer does not use a normalization meth-od of accounting, the taxpayer’s tax for the taxable year shall be increased by the amount by which it reduces its excess tax re-serve more rapidly than permitted under a normalization method of accounting. 
SEC. 13002. REDUCTION IN DIVIDEND RECEIVED DEDUCTIONS TO REFLECT LOWER CORPORATE INCOME TAX RATES. 
(a) D IVIDENDS RECEIVED BY CORPORA -
TIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 243(a)(1) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (2) D
IVIDENDS FROM 20 -PERCENT OWNED COR -
PORATIONS .—Section 243(c)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for section 243(c) is amended by striking ‘‘R
ETENTION OF 80-PERCENT DIVIDEND RE-
CEIVED DEDUCTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N-
CREASED PERCENTAGE ’’. (b) D
IVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM FSC.—Sec- tion 245(c)(1)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (c) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE AMOUNT OF  D
EDUCTIONS .—Section 246(b)(3) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ in subpara-graph (A) and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ in subpara-graph (B) and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’. (d) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION WHERE PORT-
FOLIO STOCK ISDEBT-FINANCED .—Section 246A(a)(1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘70 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘80 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘65 percent’’. (e) I
NCOME FROM SOURCES WITHIN THE  U
NITED STATES .—Section 861(a)(2) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/50th’’ in subparagraph (B), and (2) in the flush sentence at the end— (A) by striking ‘‘100/80th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/65th’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘100/70th’’ and inserting ‘‘100/50th’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. PART II—SMALL BUSINESS REFORMS 
SEC. 13101. MODIFICATIONS OF RULES FOR EX-PENSING DEPRECIABLE BUSINESS ASSETS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN LIMITATION .— (1) D
OLLAR LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. (2) R
EDUCTION IN LIMITATION .—Section 179(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,500,000’’. (3) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 179(b)(6), as amended by section 11002(d), is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘calendar year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘calendar year 2017’’. (B) S
PORT UTILITY VEHICLES .—Section 179(b)(6) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘para-graphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1), (2), and (5)(A)’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘($100 in the case of any increase in the amount under paragraph (5)(A))’’ after ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) SECTION 179 P ROPERTY TO INCLUDE  Q
UALIFIED REALPROPERTY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of sec-tion 179(d)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) which is— ‘‘(i) section 1245 property (as defined in sec-tion 1245(a)(3)), or ‘‘(ii) at the election of the taxpayer, quali-fied real property (as defined in subsection (f)), and’’. (2) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY DEFINED .— Subsection (f) of section 179 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) Q
UALIFIED REAL PROPERTY .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘qualified real property’ means— ‘‘(1) any qualified improvement property described in section 168(e)(6), and ‘‘(2) any of the following improvements to nonresidential real property placed in serv-ice after the date such property was first placed in service: ‘‘(A) Roofs. ‘‘(B) Heating, ventilation, and air-condi-tioning property. ‘‘(C) Fire protection and alarm systems. ‘‘(D) Security systems.’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF EXCLUSION FOR CERTAIN  P
ROPERTY .—The last sentence of section 179(d)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘(other than paragraph (2) thereof)’’ after ‘‘section 50(b)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13102. MODIFICATIONS OF GROSS RECEIPTS TEST FOR USE OF CASH METHOD OF ACCOUNTING BY CORPORATIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS OF GROSS RECEIPTS  T
EST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—So much of section 448(c) as precedes paragraph (2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) G
ROSS RECEIPTS TEST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation or part-nership meets the gross receipts test of this subsection for any taxable year if the aver-age annual gross receipts of such entity for the 3-taxable-year period ending with the taxable year which precedes such taxable year does not exceed the applicable dollar limit.’’. (2) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR LIMIT .—Subsection (c) of section 448 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABLE DOLLAR LIMIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable dollar limit is $15,000,000. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $15,000,000 amount under subparagraph (A) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000.’’. (3) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— Paragraph (7) of section 448(d) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and all that follows up to subparagraph (A) and in-serting: ‘‘If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because the taxpayer is prohib-ited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursement method of accounting by reason of subsection (a) or is no longer prohibited 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7769 December 1, 2017 
from using such method by reason of such subsection—’’, and (B) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘, and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting a period, and by striking subparagraph (C). (4) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of section 448(b) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) E
NTITIES SATISFYING GROSS RECEIPTS  
TEST.—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall not apply to any corporation or partnership for any taxable year if such enti-ty meets the gross receipts test of subsection (c) for the taxable year.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF MODIFICATIONS TO  F
ARMING CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 447(d) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A corporation meets the requirements of this subsection for any tax-able year with respect to its gross receipts if the corporation meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the taxable year.’’. (2) F
AMILY CORPORATIONS .—Paragraph (2) of section 447(d) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and in-serting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a family corporation, in applying section 448(c) for purposes of paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1) of section 448(c) shall be applied by substituting the applicable family corporation limit for the applicable dollar limit, and ‘‘(ii) the rules of subparagraph (B) shall apply in computing gross receipts.’’, (B) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘the last sentence of paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2) of section 448(c)’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) A
PPLICABLE FAMILY CORPORATION  
LIMIT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The applicable family corporation limit is $25,000,000. ‘‘(ii) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after De-cember 31, 2018, the $25,000,000 amount under clause (i) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins, by substituting ‘calendar year 2017’ for ‘cal-endar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. If any amount as increased under the pre-ceding sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $1,000.’’. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN CORPORATIONS .— Subsection (c) of section 447 is amended by inserting ‘‘for any taxable year’’ after ‘‘not being a corporation’’. (4) C
HANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .—Sec- tion 447(f) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘In the case of’’ and all that follows up to paragraph (1) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because the taxpayer is required to use an accrual method of ac-counting by reason of subsection (a) or is no longer required to use such method by rea-son of such subsection—’’, and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13103. CLARIFICATION OF INVENTORY AC-COUNTING RULES FOR SMALL BUSI-NESSES. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF INVENTORY RULES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 471 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) S
MALL BUSINESS TAXPAYERS NOTRE-
QUIRED TO USEINVENTORIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A qualified taxpayer shall not be required to use inventories under this section for a taxable year. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF TAXPAYERS NOT USING  
INVENTORIES .—A qualified taxpayer who is not required under this subsection to use in-ventories with respect to any property for a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, may treat such property— ‘‘(A) as a non-incidental material or sup-ply, or ‘‘(B) in a manner which conforms to the taxpayer’s method for accounting for such property in— ‘‘(i) an applicable financial statement (as defined in section 451(b)(3)), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a taxpayer that does not have an applicable financial statement, their books and records used for purposes of deter-mining tax imposed by this title. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘qualified taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a taxpayer who meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the taxable year (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, who would meet such test if such proprietorship were a corporation). Such term shall not include a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of ac-counting under section 448(a)(3). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because the taxpayer is not required to use inventories by reason of paragraph (1) or is required to use inventories because such paragraph no longer applies to the tax-payer— ‘‘(A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and ‘‘(B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 263A is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
XCLUSION FROM INVENTORY RULES .— Nothing in this section shall require the use of inventories for any taxable year by a qualified taxpayer (within the meaning of section 471(c)(3)) who is not required to use inventories under section 471 for such tax-able year.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13104. MODIFICATION OF RULES FOR UNI-FORM CAPITALIZATION OF CERTAIN EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(b) is amend-ed by striking all that follows paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) P
ROPERTY ACQUIRED FOR RESALE .—Real or personal property described in section 1221(a)(1) which is acquired by the taxpayer for resale. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL BUSINESSES .— This section shall not apply to any taxpayer who meets the gross receipts test under sec-tion 448(c) for the taxable year (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, who would meet such test if such proprietorship were a corporation), other than a tax shelter pro-hibited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursements method of accounting under sec-tion 448(a)(3). ‘‘(4) F
ILMS, SOUND RECORDINGS , BOOKS , 
ETC.—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘tangible personal property’ shall in-clude a film, sound recording, video tape, book, or similar property. ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because this section does not apply to the taxpayer by reason of the exception under paragraph (3) or this section applies to the taxpayer because such exception no longer applies to the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and ‘‘(B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13105. INCREASE IN GROSS RECEIPTS TEST FOR CONSTRUCTION CONTRACT EX-CEPTION TO PERCENTAGE OF COM-PLETION METHOD. 
(a) I NCREASE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 460(e)(1)(B) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than a tax shelter prohib-ited from using the cash receipts and dis-bursements method of accounting under sec-tion 448(a)(3))’’ after ‘‘taxpayer’’, and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) who meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for the taxable year in which such contract is entered into (or, in the case of a sole proprietorship, who would meet such test if such proprietorship were a cor-poration).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 460(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (6) as paragraphs (2) through (4), respectively. (B) The last sentence of section 56(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘section 460(e)(6)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 460(e)(4)’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.—Sec- tion 460(e), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 481 .—If a taxpayer changes its method of accounting because subsections (a), (b), (c)(1), and (c)(2) do not apply by reason of the exception under paragraph (1)(B) or such subsections apply to the taxpayer because such exception no longer applies to the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and ‘‘(C) such change shall be permitted only on a cut-off basis for all similarly classified contracts entered into on or after the year of change and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to contracts entered into after December 31, 2017, in tax-able years ending after such date. PART III—COST RECOVERY AND ACCOUNTING METHODS Subpart A—Cost Recovery 
SEC. 13201. TEMPORARY 100-PERCENT EXPENS-ING FOR CERTAIN BUSINESS AS-SETS. 
(a) I NCREASED EXPENSING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(k) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘50 per-cent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable percent-age’’, and (B) in paragraph (5)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable per-centage’’. (2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—Paragraph (6) of section 168(k) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(6) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7770 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(i) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after September 27, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2023, 100 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2022, and before Janu-ary 1, 2024, 80 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2023, and before Janu-ary 1, 2025, 60 percent, ‘‘(iv) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2024, and before Janu-ary 1, 2026, 40 percent, and ‘‘(v) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2025, and before Janu-ary 1, 2027, 20 percent. ‘‘(B) R
ULE FOR PROPERTY WITH LONGER PRO -
DUCTION PERIODS .—In the case of property de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) or (C), the term ‘applicable percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after September 27, 2017, and before Janu-ary 1, 2024, 100 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2023, and before Janu-ary 1, 2025, 80 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2024, and before Janu-ary 1, 2026, 60 percent, ‘‘(iv) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2025, and before Janu-ary 1, 2027, 40 percent, and ‘‘(v) in the case of property placed in serv-ice after December 31, 2026, and before Janu-ary 1, 2028, 20 percent. ‘‘(C) R
ULE FOR PLANTS BEARING FRUITS AND  
NUTS .—In the case of a specified plant de-scribed in paragraph (5), the term ‘applicable percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after September 27, 2017, and be-fore January 1, 2023, 100 percent, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2022, and before January 1, 2024, 80 percent, ‘‘(iii) in the case of a plant which is plant-ed or grafted after December 31, 2023, and be-fore January 1, 2025, 60 percent, ‘‘(iv) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2024, and before January 1, 2026, 40 percent, and ‘‘(v) in the case of a plant which is planted or grafted after December 31, 2025, and before January 1, 2027, 20 percent.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (5) of section 168(k) is amended by striking subparagraph (F). (b) E
XTENSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 168(k) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(iii), clauses (i)(III) and (ii) of subparagraph (B), and subpara-graph (E)(i), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2027’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i)(II), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2028’’, and (II) in the heading of clause (ii), by strik-ing ‘‘
PRE-JANUARY 1 , 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘ PRE- 
JANUARY 1 , 2027’’, and (B) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘Janu-ary 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2027’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (ii) of section 460(c)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2020 (Janu-ary 1, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2027 (January 1, 2028’’. (B) The heading of section 168(k) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘A
CQUIRED AFTER DECEMBER  31, 2007, 
ANDBEFORE JANUARY 1, 2020’’. (c) E
XCEPTION FOR PUBLIC UTILITIES .—Sec- tion 168(k) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROPERTY .— The term ‘qualified property’ shall not in-clude any property which is primarily used in a trade or business described in clause (iv) of section 163(j)(7)(A).’’. (d) SPECIAL RULE.—Section 168(k), as amended by subsection (c), is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(9) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PROPERTY PLACED IN  
SERVICE DURING CERTAIN PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of qualified property placed in service by the taxpayer during the first taxable year ending after September 27, 2017, if the taxpayer elects to have this paragraph apply for such taxable year, paragraphs (1)(A) and (5)(A)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘50 percent’ for ‘the applicable percentage’. ‘‘(B) F
ORM OF ELECTION .—Any election under this paragraph shall be made at such time and in such form and manner as the Secretary may prescribe.’’. (e) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 280F.—Sec- tion 168(k)(2)(F) is amended by striking clause (iii). (f) Q
UALIFIED FILM AND TELEVISION AND  L
IVETHEATRICAL PRODUCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 168(k)(2)(A), as amended by section 13204, is amended— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘or’’, (B) in subclause (III), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the comma, and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) which is a qualified film or television production (as defined in subsection (d) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 with-out regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g) of such section or this subsection, or ‘‘(V) which is a qualified live theatrical production (as defined in subsection (e) of section 181) for which a deduction would have been allowable under section 181 with-out regard to subsections (a)(2) and (g) of such section or this subsection,’’. (2) P
RODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE .—Para- graph (2) of section 168(k) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(H) P
RODUCTION PLACED IN SERVICE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) a qualified film or television produc-tion shall be considered to be placed in serv-ice at the time of initial release or broad-cast, and ‘‘(ii) a qualified live theatrical production shall be considered to be placed in service at the time of the initial live staged perform-ance.’’. (g) E
FFECTIVE DATES .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service, and specified plants plant-ed or grafted after, after September 27, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13202. MODIFICATIONS TO DEPRECIATION LIMITATIONS ON LUXURY AUTO-MOBILES AND PERSONAL USE PROP-ERTY. 
(a) L UXURY AUTOMOBILES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—280F(a)(1)(A) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘$2,560’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’, (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘$4,100’’ and inserting ‘‘$16,000’’, (C) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘$2,450’’ and inserting ‘‘$9,600’’, and (D) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘$1,475’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,760’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (ii) of section 280F(a)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,475’’ in the text and heading and inserting ‘‘$5,760’’. (B) Paragraph (7) of section 280F(d) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘1988’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’, and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), by striking ‘‘1987’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF COMPUTER EQUIPMENT  F
ROMLISTED PROPERTY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 280F(d)(4)(A) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (iii), (B) by striking clause (iv), and (C) by redesignating clause (v) as clause (iv). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 280F(d)(4) is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13203. MODIFICATIONS OF TREATMENT OF CERTAIN FARM PROPERTY. 
(a) T REATMENT OF CERTAIN FARMPROPERTY  
AS5-YEARPROPERTY .—Clause (vii) of section 168(e)(3)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘after De-cember 31, 2008, and which is placed in serv-ice before January 1, 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 31, 2017’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF REQUIRED USE OF 150-P ER-
CENT DECLINING BALANCE METHOD .—Section 168(b)(2) is amended by striking subpara-graph (B) and by redesignating subpara-graphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respectively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13204. APPLICABLE RECOVERY PERIOD FOR REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) R ESIDENTIAL RENTAL PROPERTY AND  N
ONRESIDENTIAL REALPROPERTY .— (1) R
EDUCTION OF RECOVERY PERIOD .—The table contained in section 168(c) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘27.5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘39 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (2) S
TATUTORY RECOVERY PERIOD .—The table contained in section 467(e)(3)(A) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(other than residential rental property and nonresidential real prop-erty)’’ after ‘‘15-year and 20-year property’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘19 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Clause (ii) of section 168(e)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘27.5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘25 years’’. (b) I
MPROVEMENTS TO REALPROPERTY .— (1) C
LASSIFICATION OF QUALIFIED IMPROVE -
MENT PROPERTY AS 10 -YEAR PROPERTY .—Sub- paragraph (D) of section 168(e)(3) is amend-ed— (A) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’, (B) in clause (iv), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) any qualified improvement property described in subsection (e)(6).’’. (2) E
LIMINATION OF QUALIFIED LEASEHOLD  
IMPROVEMENT , QUALIFIED RESTAURANT , AND 
QUALIFIED RETAIL IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— Subsection (e) of section 168 is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E) of paragraph (3)— (i) by striking clauses (iv), (v), and (ix), (ii) in clause (vii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end, (iii) in clause (viii), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a period, and (iv) by redesignating clauses (vi), (vii), and (viii), as so amended, as clauses (iv), (v), and (vi), respectively, and (B) by striking paragraphs (6), (7), and (8). (3) A
PPLICATION OF STRAIGHT LINE METHOD  
TO QUALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .—Para- graph (3) of section 168(b) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (G), (H), and (I), and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7771 December 1, 2017 
(B) by inserting after subparagraph (F) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) Qualified improvement property de-scribed in subsection (e)(6).’’. (4) A
LTERNATIVE DEPRECIATION SYSTEM .— (A) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—Subsection (g) of section 168 is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end, (II) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end, and (III) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) any property described in paragraph (8),’’, and (ii) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—The property described in this paragraph shall consist of any nonresidential real property, residential rental property, and qualified improvement property held by an electing real property trade or business (as defined in 163(j)(7)(B)).’’. (B) Q
UALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— The table contained in subparagraph (B) of section 168(g)(3) is amended— (i) by inserting after the item relating to subparagraph (D)(ii) the following new item: ‘‘(D)(v) ...................................... 20’’. , and (ii) by striking the item relating to sub-paragraph (E)(iv) and all that follows through the item relating to subparagraph (E)(ix) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E)(iv) ..................................... 20 (E)(v) ......................................... 30 (E)(vi) ....................................... 35’’. (C) A
PPLICABLE RECOVERY PERIOD FOR RESI -
DENTIAL RENTAL PROPERTY .—The table con-tained in subparagraph (C) of section 168(g)(2) is amended by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) Residential rental prop-erty ........................................ 30 years (iv) Nonresidential real prop-erty ........................................ 40 years (v) Any railroad grading or tun-nel bore or water utility prop-erty ........................................ 50 years’’. (5) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Clause (i) of section 168(k)(2)(A) is amended— (i) in subclause (II), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the comma, (ii) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end, and (iii) by striking subclause (IV). (B) Section 168 is amended— (i) in subsection (e), as amended by para-graph (2)(B), by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) Q
UALIFIED IMPROVEMENT PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified im-provement property’ means any improve-ment to an interior portion of a building which is nonresidential real property if such improvement is placed in service after the date such building was first placed in serv-ice. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN IMPROVEMENTS NOT IN -
CLUDED .—Such term shall not include any improvement for which the expenditure is attributable to— ‘‘(i) the enlargement of the building, ‘‘(ii) any elevator or escalator, or ‘‘(iii) the internal structural framework of the building.’’. (ii) in subsection (k), by striking paragraph (3). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2017. (2) A
MENDMENTS RELATED TO ELECTING REAL  
PROPERTY TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The amend-ments made by subsection (b)(4)(A) shall apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. SEC. 13205. USE OF ALTERNATIVE DEPRECIATION SYSTEM FOR ELECTING FARMING BUSINESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(g)(1), as amended by section 13204, is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of sub-paragraph (F), and by inserting after sub-paragraph (F) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) any property with a recovery period of 10 years or more which is held by an elect-ing farming business (as defined in section 163(j)(7)(C)),’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13206. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EXPERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 174 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 174. AMORTIZATION OF RESEARCH AND EX-PERIMENTAL EXPENDITURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a tax-payer’s specified research or experimental expenditures for any taxable year— ‘‘(1) except as provided in paragraph (2), no deduction shall be allowed for such expendi-tures, and ‘‘(2) the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(A) charge such expenditures to capital account, and ‘‘(B) be allowed an amortization deduction of such expenditures ratably over the 5-year period (15-year period in the case of any spec-ified research or experimental expenditures which are attributable to foreign research (within the meaning of section 41(d)(4)(F))) beginning with the midpoint of the taxable year in which such expenditures are paid or incurred. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED RESEARCH OR EXPERIMENTAL  E
XPENDITURES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘specified research or experimental expenditures’ means, with respect to any taxable year, research or experimental ex-penditures which are paid or incurred by the taxpayer during such taxable year in connec-tion with the taxpayer’s trade or business. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) L
AND AND OTHER PROPERTY .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure for the acquisition or improvement of land, or for the acquisition or improvement of prop-erty to be used in connection with the re-search or experimentation and of a character which is subject to the allowance under sec-tion 167 (relating to allowance for deprecia-tion, etc.) or section 611 (relating to allow-ance for depletion); but for purposes of this section allowances under section 167, and al-lowances under section 611, shall be consid-ered as expenditures. ‘‘(2) E
XPLORATION EXPENDITURES .—This sec- tion shall not apply to any expenditure paid or incurred for the purpose of ascertaining the existence, location, extent, or quality of any deposit of ore or other mineral (includ-ing oil and gas). ‘‘(3) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT .—For pur- poses of this section, any amount paid or in-curred in connection with the development of any software shall be treated as a research or experimental expenditure. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT UPONDISPOSITION , RETIRE -
MENT , ORABANDONMENT .—If any property with respect to which specified research or experimental expenditures are paid or in-curred is disposed, retired, or abandoned dur-ing the period during which such expendi-tures are allowed as an amortization deduc-tion under this section, no deduction shall be allowed with respect to such expenditures on account of such disposition, retirement, or abandonment and such amortization deduc-tion shall continue with respect to such ex-penditures.’’. (b) CHANGE IN METHOD OF ACCOUNTING .— The amendments made by subsection (a) shall be treated as a change in method of ac-counting for purposes of section 481 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and— (1) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, (2) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary, and (3) such change shall be applied only on a cut-off basis for any research or experi-mental expenditures paid or incurred in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2025, and no adjustments under section 481(a) shall be made. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VI of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 174 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 174. Amortization of research and ex-perimental expenditures.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 41(d)(1)(A) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘expenses under section 174’’ and insert-ing ‘‘specified research or experimental ex-penditures under section 174’’. (2) Subsection (c) of section 280C is amend-ed— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(A) the amount of the credit determined for the taxable year under section 41(a)(1), exceeds ‘‘(B) the amount allowable as a deduction for such taxable year for qualified research expenses or basic research expenses, the amount chargeable to capital account for the taxable year for such expenses shall be reduced by the amount of such excess.’’, (B) by striking paragraph (2), (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) (as amended by this Act) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (D) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 13207. EXPENSING OF CERTAIN COSTS OF REPLANTING CITRUS PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL TEMPORARY RULE FOR CITRUS  
PLANTS LOST BY REASON OF CASUALTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of the re-planting of citrus plants, subparagraph (A) shall apply to amounts paid or incurred by a person (other than the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A)) if— ‘‘(I) the taxpayer described in subpara-graph (A) has an equity interest of not less than 50 percent in the replanted citrus plants at all times during the taxable year in which such amounts were paid or incurred and such other person holds any part of the remaining equity interest, or ‘‘(II) such other person acquired the en-tirety of such taxpayer’s equity interest in the land on which the lost or damaged citrus plants were located at the time of such loss or damage, and the replanting is on such land. ‘‘(ii) T
ERMINATION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any cost paid or incurred after the date which is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to costs 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7772 December 1, 2017 
paid or incurred after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Subpart B—Accounting Methods 
SEC. 13221. CERTAIN SPECIAL RULES FOR TAX-ABLE YEAR OF INCLUSION. 
(a) I NCLUSION NOTLATER THAN FOR FINAN-
CIAL ACCOUNTING PURPOSES .—Section 451 is amended by redesignating subsections (b) through (i) as subsections (c) through (j), re-spectively, and by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
NCLUSION NOTLATER THAN FOR FINAN-
CIAL ACCOUNTING PURPOSES .— ‘‘(1) I
NCOME TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN FINAN -
CIAL STATEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer the taxable income of which is computed under an accrual method of accounting, the all events test with respect to any item of gross income (or portion thereof) shall not be treated as met any later than when such item (or portion thereof) is taken into ac-count as revenue in— ‘‘(i) an applicable financial statement of the taxpayer, or ‘‘(ii) such other financial statement as the Secretary may specify for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—This paragraph shall not apply to— ‘‘(i) a taxpayer which does not have a fi-nancial statement described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) for a taxable year, or ‘‘(ii) any item of gross income in connec-tion with a mortgage servicing contract. ‘‘(C) A
LL EVENTS TEST .—For purposes of this section, the all events test is met with respect to any item of gross income if all the events have occurred which fix the right to receive such income and the amount of such income can be determined with reasonable accuracy. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION WITH SPECIAL METHODS  
OF ACCOUNTING .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply with respect to any item of gross in-come for which the taxpayer uses a special method of accounting provided under any other provision of this chapter, other than any provision of part V of subchapter P (ex-cept as provided in clause (ii) of paragraph (1)(B)). ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘applicable financial statement’ means— ‘‘(A) a financial statement which is cer-tified as being prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and which is— ‘‘(i) a 10–K (or successor form), or annual statement to shareholders, required to be filed by the taxpayer with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, ‘‘(ii) an audited financial statement of the taxpayer which is used for— ‘‘(I) credit purposes, ‘‘(II) reporting to shareholders, partners, or other proprietors, or to beneficiaries, or ‘‘(III) any other substantial nontax pur-pose, but only if there is no statement of the tax-payer described in clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) filed by the taxpayer with any other Federal agency for purposes other than Fed-eral tax purposes, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in clause (i) or (ii), ‘‘(B) a financial statement which is made on the basis of international financial re-porting standards and is filed by the tax-payer with an agency of a foreign govern-ment which is equivalent to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and which has reporting standards not less stringent than the standards required by such Commission, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in sub-paragraph (A), or ‘‘(C) a financial statement filed by the tax-payer with any other regulatory or govern-mental body specified by the Secretary, but only if there is no statement of the taxpayer described in subparagraph (A) or (B). ‘‘(4) ALLOCATION OF TRANSACTION PRICE .— For purposes of this subsection, in the case of a contract which contains multiple per-formance obligations, the allocation of the transaction price to each performance obli-gation shall be equal to the amount allo-cated to each performance obligation for purposes of including such item in revenue in the applicable financial statement of the taxpayer. ‘‘(5) G
ROUP OF ENTITIES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), if the financial results of a taxpayer are reported on the applicable fi-nancial statement (as defined in paragraph (3)) for a group of entities, such statement may be treated as the applicable financial statement of the taxpayer.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF ADVANCE PAYMENTS .— Section 451, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating subsections (c) through (j) as subsections (d) through (k), re-spectively, and by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF ADVANCE PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer which com-putes taxable income under the accrual method of accounting, and receives any ad-vance payment during the taxable year, shall— ‘‘(A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), include such advance payment in gross income for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer elects the application of this subparagraph with respect to the cat-egory of advance payments to which such ad-vance payment belongs, the taxpayer shall— ‘‘(i) to the extent that any portion of such advance payment is required under sub-section (b) to be included in gross income in the taxable year in which such payment is received, so include such portion, and ‘‘(ii) include the remaining portion of such advance payment in gross income in the tax-able year following the taxable year in which such payment is received. ‘‘(2) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this paragraph, the election under paragraph (1)(B) shall be made at such time, in such form and manner, and with respect to such categories of advance payments, as the Secretary may provide. ‘‘(B) P
ERIOD TO WHICH ELECTION APPLIES .— An election under paragraph (1)(B) shall be effective for the taxable year with respect to which it is first made and for all subsequent taxable years, unless the taxpayer secures the consent of the Secretary to revoke such election. For purposes of this title, the com-putation of taxable income under an election made under paragraph (1)(B) shall be treated as a method of accounting. ‘‘(3) T
AXPAYERS CEASING TO EXIST .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, the election under paragraph (1)(B) shall not apply with respect to advance payments re-ceived by the taxpayer during a taxable year if such taxpayer ceases to exist during (or with the close of) such taxable year. ‘‘(4) A
DVANCE PAYMENT .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘advance pay-ment’ means any payment— ‘‘(i) the full inclusion of which in the gross income of the taxpayer for the taxable year of receipt is a permissible method of ac-counting under this section (determined without regard to this subsection), ‘‘(ii) any portion of which is included in revenue by the taxpayer in a financial state-ment described in clause (i) or (ii) of sub-section (b)(1)(A) for a subsequent taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) which is for goods, services, or such other items as may be identified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this clause. ‘‘(B) EXCLUSIONS .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, such term shall not include— ‘‘(i) rent, ‘‘(ii) insurance premiums governed by sub-chapter L, ‘‘(iii) payments with respect to financial instruments, ‘‘(iv) payments with respect to warranty or guarantee contracts under which a third party is the primary obligor, ‘‘(v) payments subject to section 871(a), 881, 1441, or 1442, ‘‘(vi) payments in property to which sec-tion 83 applies, and ‘‘(vii) any other payment identified by the Secretary for purposes of this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) R
ECEIPT .—For purposes of this sub-section, an item of gross income is received by the taxpayer if it is actually or construc-tively received, or if it is due and payable to the taxpayer. ‘‘(D) A
LLOCATION OF TRANSACTION PRICE .— For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to subsection (b)(4) shall apply.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHSECTION 481.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied change in method of accounting for the taxpayer’s first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017— (A) such change shall be treated as initi-ated by the taxpayer, and (B) such change shall be treated as made with the consent of the Secretary of the Treasury. (2) Q
UALIFIED CHANGE IN METHOD OF AC -
COUNTING .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified change in method of ac-counting’’ means any change in method of accounting which— (A) is required by the amendments made by this section, or (B) was prohibited under the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 prior to such amendments and is permitted under such Code after such amendments. (e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR ORIGINAL ISSUE DIS-
COUNT .—Notwithstanding subsection (c), in the case of income from a debt instrument having original issue discount— (1) the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018, and (2) the period for taking into account any adjustments under section 481 by reason of a qualified change in method of accounting (as defined in subsection (d)) shall be 6 years. PART IV—BUSINESS-RELATED EXCLUSIONS AND DEDUCTIONS 
SEC. 13301. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR IN-TEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(j) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) L
IMITATION ON BUSINESS INTEREST .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowed as a deduction under this chapter for any taxable year for business interest shall not exceed the sum of— ‘‘(A) the business interest income of such taxpayer for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(B) 30 percent of the adjusted taxable in-come of such taxpayer for such taxable year. The amount determined under subparagraph (B) shall not be less than zero. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSI -
NESS INTEREST .—The amount of any business interest not allowed as a deduction for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) shall be treated as business interest paid or ac-crued in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION FOR CERTAIN SMALL BUSI -
NESSES .—In the case of any taxpayer (other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7773 December 1, 2017 
than a tax shelter prohibited from using the cash receipts and disbursements method of accounting under section 448(a)(3)) which meets the gross receipts test of section 448(c) for any taxable year, paragraph (1) shall not apply to such taxpayer for such taxable year. In the case of any taxpayer which is not a corporation or a partnership, the gross re-ceipts test of section 448(c) shall be applied in the same manner as if such taxpayer were a corporation or partnership. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS , ETC.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any part-nership— ‘‘(i) this subsection shall be applied at the partnership level and any deduction for busi-ness interest shall be taken into account in determining the non-separately stated tax-able income or loss of the partnership, and ‘‘(ii) the adjusted taxable income of each partner of such partnership— ‘‘(I) shall be determined without regard to such partner’s distributive share of any items of income, gain, deduction, or loss of such partnership, and ‘‘(II) shall be increased by such partner’s distributive share of such partnership’s ex-cess taxable income. For purposes of clause (ii)(II), a partner’s dis-tributive share of partnership excess taxable income shall be determined in the same manner as the partner’s distributive share of nonseparately stated taxable income or loss of the partnership. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES FOR CARRYFORWARDS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of any busi-ness interest not allowed as a deduction to a partnership for any taxable year by reason of paragraph (1) for any taxable year— ‘‘(I) shall not be treated under paragraph (2) as business interest paid or accrued by the partnership in the succeeding taxable year, and ‘‘(II) shall, subject to clause (ii), be treated as excess business interest which is allocated to each partner in the same manner as the non-separately stated taxable income or loss of the partnership. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT OF EXCESS BUSINESS INTER -
EST ALLOCATED TO PARTNERS .—If a partner is allocated any excess business interest from a partnership under clause (i) for any taxable year— ‘‘(I) such excess business interest shall be treated as business interest paid or accrued by the partner in the next succeeding tax-able year in which the partner is allocated excess taxable income from such partner-ship, but only to the extent of such excess taxable income, and ‘‘(II) any portion of such excess business interest remaining after the application of subclause (I) shall, subject to the limitations of subclause (I), be treated as business inter-est paid or accrued in succeeding taxable years. For purposes of applying this paragraph, ex-cess taxable income allocated to a partner from a partnership for any taxable year shall not be taken into account under paragraph (1)(A) with respect to any business interest other than excess business interest from the partnership until all such excess business in-terest for such taxable year and all preceding taxable years has been treated as paid or ac-crued under clause (ii). ‘‘(iii) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The adjusted basis of a partner in a partnership interest shall be re-duced (but not below zero) by the amount of excess business interest allocated to the partner under clause (i)(II). ‘‘(II) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DISPOSITIONS .—If a partner disposes of a partnership interest, the adjusted basis of the partner in the part-nership interest shall be increased imme-diately before the disposition by the amount of the excess (if any) of the amount of the basis reduction under subclause (I) over the portion of any excess business interest allo-cated to the partner under clause (i)(II) which has previously been treated under clause (ii) as business interest paid or ac-crued by the partner. The preceding sentence shall also apply to transfers of the partner-ship interest (including by reason of death) in a transaction in which gain is not recog-nized in whole or in part. No deduction shall be allowed to the transferor or transferee under this chapter for any excess business interest resulting in a basis increase under this subclause. ‘‘(C) EXCESS TAXABLE INCOME .—The term ‘excess taxable income’ means, with respect to any partnership, the amount which bears the same ratio to the partnership’s adjusted taxable income as— ‘‘(i) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) the amount determined for the part-nership under paragraph (1)(B), over ‘‘(II) the amount (if any) by which the business interest of the partnership exceeds the business interest income of the partner-ship, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount determined for the part-nership under paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(D) A
PPLICATION TO S CORPORATIONS .— Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (A) and (C) shall apply with respect to any S corporation and its shareholders. ‘‘(5) B
USINESS INTEREST .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘business interest’ means any interest paid or accrued on in-debtedness properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include invest-ment interest (within the meaning of sub-section (d)). ‘‘(6) B
USINESS INTEREST INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘business interest income’ means the amount of inter-est includible in the gross income of the tax-payer for the taxable year which is properly allocable to a trade or business. Such term shall not include investment income (within the meaning of subsection (d)). ‘‘(7) T
RADE OR BUSINESS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘trade or busi-ness’ shall not include— ‘‘(i) the trade or business of performing services as an employee, ‘‘(ii) any electing real property trade or business, ‘‘(iii) any electing farming business, or ‘‘(iv) the trade or business of the fur-nishing or sale of— ‘‘(I) electrical energy, water, or sewage dis-posal services, ‘‘(II) gas or steam through a local distribu-tion system, or ‘‘(III) transportation of gas or steam by pipeline, if the rates for such furnishing or sale, as the case may be, have been established or ap-proved by a State or political subdivision thereof, by any agency or instrumentality of the United States, by a public service or pub-lic utility commission or other similar body of any State or political subdivision thereof, or by the governing or ratemaking body of an electric cooperative. ‘‘(B) E
LECTING REAL PROPERTY TRADE OR  
BUSINESS .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘electing real property trade or business’ means any trade or business which is described in section 469(c)(7)(C) and which makes an election under this subparagraph. Any such election shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe, and, once made, shall be irrev-ocable. ‘‘(C) E
LECTING FARMING BUSINESS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘electing farming business’ means— ‘‘(i) a farming business (as defined in sec-tion 263A(e)(4)) which makes an election under this subparagraph, or ‘‘(ii) any trade or business of a specified ag-ricultural or horticultural cooperative (as defined in section 199A(g)(2)) with respect to which the cooperative makes an election under this subparagraph. Any such election shall be made at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe, and, once made, shall be irrev-ocable. ‘‘(8) ADJUSTED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘adjusted taxable income’ means the taxable income of the taxpayer— ‘‘(A) computed without regard to— ‘‘(i) any item of income, gain, deduction, or loss which is not properly allocable to a trade or business, ‘‘(ii) any business interest or business in-terest income, ‘‘(iii) the amount of any net operating loss deduction under section 172, and ‘‘(iv) the amount of any deduction allowed under section 199 or 199A, and ‘‘(B) computed with such other adjust-ments as provided by the Secretary. ‘‘(9) C
ROSS REFERENCES .— ‘‘(A) For requirement that an electing real property trade or business use the alter-native depreciation system, see section 168(g)(1)(F). ‘‘(B) For requirement that an electing farming business use the alternative depre-ciation system, see section 168(g)(1)(G).’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARD OF DIS-
ALLOWED BUSINESS INTEREST IN CERTAIN COR-
PORATE ACQUISITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 381(c) is amended by inserting after paragraph (19) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(20) C
ARRYFORWARD OF DISALLOWED BUSI -
NESS INTEREST .—The carryover of disallowed business interest described in section 163(j)(2) to taxable years ending after the date of distribution or transfer.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 382(d) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) A
PPLICATION TO CARRYFORWARD OF DIS -
ALLOWED INTEREST .—The term ‘pre-change loss’ shall include any carryover of dis-allowed interest described in section 163(n) under rules similar to the rules of paragraph (1).’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 382(k)(1) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘Such term shall include any corporation entitled to use a carryforward of disallowed interest de-scribed in section 381(c)(20).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13302. MODIFICATION OF NET OPERATING LOSS DEDUCTION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) D
EDUCTION ALLOWED .—There shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(1) the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net oper-ating loss carrybacks to such year, or ‘‘(2) 90 percent (80 percent in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022) of taxable income computed without re-gard to the deduction allowable under this section. For purposes of this subtitle, the term ‘net operating loss deduction’ means the deduc-tion allowed by this subsection.’’. (2) C
OORDINATION OF LIMITATION WITH  
CARRYBACKS AND CARRYOVERS .—Section 172(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘shall be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7774 December 1, 2017 
computed—’’ and all that follows and insert-ing ‘‘shall— ‘‘(A) be computed with the modifications specified in subsection (d) other than para-graphs (1), (4), and (5) thereof, and by deter-mining the amount of the net operating loss deduction without regard to the net oper-ating loss for the loss year or for any taxable year thereafter, ‘‘(B) not be considered to be less than zero, and ‘‘(C) not exceed the amount determined under subsection (a)(2) for such prior taxable year.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(d)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the pe-riod at the end of subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘; and’’, and by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) subsection (a)(2) shall be applied by substituting ‘real estate investment trust taxable income (as defined in section 857(b)(2) but without regard to the deduction for dividends paid (as defined in section 561))’ for ‘taxable income’.’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF NETOPERATING LOSS C
ARRYBACK ; INDEFINITE CARRYFORWARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 172(b)(1)(A) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall be a net operating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years’’ in clause (i) and inserting ‘‘except as otherwise provided in this paragraph, shall not be a net operating loss carryback to any taxable year’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘to each of the 20 taxable years’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘to each taxable year’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 172(b)(1) is amended by striking subpara-graphs (B) through (F). (c) T
REATMENT OF FARMING LOSSES .— (1) A
LLOWANCE OF CARRYBACKS .—Section 172(b)(1), as amended by subsection (b)(2), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) F
ARMING LOSSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any por-tion of a net operating loss for the taxable year which is a farming loss with respect to the taxpayer, such loss shall be a net oper-ating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years preceding the taxable year of such loss. ‘‘(ii) F
ARMING LOSS .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘farming loss’ means the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the amount which would be the net op-erating loss for the taxable year if only in-come and deductions attributable to farming businesses (as defined in section 263A(e)(4)) are taken into account, or ‘‘(II) the amount of the net operating loss for such taxable year. ‘‘(iii) C
OORDINATION WITH PARAGRAPH (2) .— For purposes of applying paragraph (2), a farming loss for any taxable year shall be treated as a separate net operating loss for such taxable year to be taken into account after the remaining portion of the net oper-ating loss for such taxable year. ‘‘(iv) E
LECTION .—Any taxpayer entitled to a 2-year carryback under clause (i) from any loss year may elect not to have such clause apply to such loss year. Such election shall be made in such manner as prescribed by the Secretary and shall be made by the due date (including extensions of time) for filing the taxpayer’s return for the taxable year of the net operating loss. Such election, once made for any taxable year, shall be irrevocable for such taxable year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 172 is amended by striking sub-sections (f), (g), and (h), and by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (f). (B) Section 537(b)(4) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘(as in effect before the date of enact-ment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘as defined in section 172(f)’’. (d) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN INSURANCE  L
OSSES .— (1) T
REATMENT OF CARRYFORWARDS AND  
CARRYBACKS .—Section 172(b)(1), as amended by subsections (b)(2) and (c)(1), is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(C) I
NSURANCE COMPANIES .—In the case of an insurance company (as defined in section 816(a)) other than a life insurance company, the net operating loss for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) shall be a net operating loss carryback to each of the 2 taxable years preceding the taxable year of such loss, and ‘‘(ii) shall be a net operating loss carryover to each of the 20 taxable years following the taxable year of the loss.’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM LIMITATION .—Section 172, as amended by subsection (c)(2)(A), is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INSURANCE COMPA -
NIES.—In the case of an insurance company (as defined in section 816(a)) other than a life insurance company— ‘‘(1) the amount of the deduction allowed under subsection (a) shall be the aggregate of the net operating loss carryovers to such year, plus the net operating loss carrybacks to such year, and ‘‘(2) subparagraph (C) of subsection (b)(2) shall not apply.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) N
ET OPERATING LOSS LIMITATION .—The amendments made by subsections (a) and (d)(2) shall apply to losses arising in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ARRYFORWARDS AND CARRYBACKS .—The amendments made by subsections (b), (c), and (d)(1) shall apply to net operating losses arising in taxable years ending after Decem-ber 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13303. LIKE-KIND EXCHANGES OF REAL PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1031(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘property’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘real property’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Paragraph (2) of section 1031(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR REAL PROPERTY HELD  
FOR SALE .—This subsection shall not apply to any exchange of real property held pri-marily for sale.’’. (B) Section 1031 is amended by striking subsection (i). (2) Section 1031 is amended by striking sub-section (e). (3) Section 1031, as amended by paragraph (2), is amended by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
PPLICATION TO CERTAIN PARTNER -
SHIPS .—For purposes of this section, an in-terest in a partnership which has in effect a valid election under section 761(a) to be ex-cluded from the application of all of sub-chapter K shall be treated as an interest in each of the assets of such partnership and not as an interest in a partnership.’’. (4) Section 1031(h) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN REAL P
ROPERTY .—Real property located in the United States and real property located out-side the United States are not property of a like kind.’’. (5) The heading of section 1031 is amended by striking ‘‘
PROPERTY ’’ and inserting ‘‘ REAL  
PROPERTY ’’. (6) The table of sections for part III of sub-chapter O of chapter 1 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 1031 and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 1031. Exchange of real property held for productive use or invest-ment.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to ex-changes completed after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—The amendments made by this section shall not apply to any exchange if— (A) the property disposed of by the tax-payer in the exchange is disposed of on or be-fore December 31 2017, or (B) the property received by the taxpayer in the exchange is received on or before De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13304. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION BY EM-PLOYERS OF EXPENSES FOR FRINGE BENEFITS. 
(a) N ODEDUCTION ALLOWED FOR ENTERTAIN -
MENT EXPENSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 274(a) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘un-less’’ and all that follows through ‘‘trade or business,’’, (B) by striking the flush sentence at the end of paragraph (1), and (C) by striking paragraph (2)(C). (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Section 274(d) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively, and (ii) in the flush text following paragraph (3) (as so redesignated)— (I) by striking ‘‘, entertainment, amuse-ment, recreation, or use of the facility or property,’’ in item (B), and (II) by striking ‘‘(D) the business relation-ship to the taxpayer of persons entertained, using the facility or property, or receiving the gift’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) the business re-lationship to the taxpayer of the person re-ceiving the benefit’’, (B) Section 274 is amended by striking sub-section (l). (C) Section 274(n) is amended by striking ‘‘
ANDENTERTAINMENT ’’ in the heading. (D) Section 274(n)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount allowable as a deduction under this chapter for any ex-pense for food or beverages shall not exceed 50 percent of the amount of such expense which would (but for this paragraph) be al-lowable as a deduction under this chapter.’’. (E) Section 274(n)(2) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in the case of an expense for food or beverages,’’, (ii) by striking subparagraph (C) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as sub-paragraphs (C) and (D), respectively, (iii) by striking ‘‘of subparagraph (E)’’ the last sentence and inserting ‘‘of subparagraph (D)’’, and (iv) by striking ‘‘in subparagraph (D)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘in subpara-graph (C)’’. (F) Clause (iv) of section 7701(b)(5)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) a professional athlete who is tempo-rarily in the United States to compete in a sports event— ‘‘(I) which is organized for the primary purpose of benefiting an organization which is described in section 501(c)(3) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), ‘‘(II) all of the net proceeds of which are contributed to such organization, and, ‘‘(III) which utilizes volunteers for sub-stantially all of the work performed in car-rying out such event.’’. (b) O
NLY 50 P ERCENT OF EXPENSES FOR  M
EALS PROVIDED ON OR NEAR BUSINESS  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7775 December 1, 2017 
PREMISES ALLOWED AS DEDUCTION .—Para- graph (2) of section 274(n), as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B), (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively, (3) by striking ‘‘of subparagraph (D)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘of subpara-graph (C)’’, and (4) by striking ‘‘in subparagraph (C)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘in subpara-graph (B)’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF TRANSPORTATION BENE-
FITS.—Section 274, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ORRECRE -
ATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘R ECREATION , ORQUALI-
FIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGES ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED TRANSPORTATION FRINGES .— No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for the expense of any qualified transportation fringe (as defined in section 132(f)) provided to an employee of the tax-payer.’’, and (2) by inserting after subsection (k) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(l) T
RANSPORTATION AND COMMUTING BEN-
EFITS .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any expense incurred for providing any transportation, or any pay-ment or reimbursement, to an employee of the taxpayer in connection with travel be-tween the employee’s residence and place of employment, except as necessary for ensur-ing the safety of the employee.’’. (d) E
LIMINATION OF DEDUCTION FOR MEALS  P
ROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE OF EMPLOYER .— Section 274, as amended by subsection (c), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (o) as sub-section (p), and (2) by inserting after subsection (n) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(o) M
EALS PROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE OF  E
MPLOYER .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for— ‘‘(1) any expense for the operation of a fa-cility described in section 132(e)(2), and any expense for food or beverages, including under section 132(e)(1), associated with such facility, or ‘‘(2) any expense for meals described in sec-tion 119(a).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts incurred or paid after December 31, 2017. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE FOR ELIMINATION OF DE -
DUCTION FOR MEALS PROVIDED AT CONVENIENCE  
OF EMPLOYER .—The amendments made by subsection (d) shall apply to amounts in-curred or paid after December 31, 2025. 
SEC. 13305. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRO-DUCTION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) T
AXPAYERS OTHER THAN CORPORA -
TIONS .—Section 199 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) P
ARTIAL TERMINATION FOR TAXPAYERS  O
THER THANCORPORATIONS .—In the case of a taxpayer other than a C corporation, this section shall not apply to any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017.’’. (2) C
ERTAIN SPECIAL RULES FOR COOPERA -
TIVES .—Section 199(d)(3) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(G) P
ARTIAL TERMINATION .—Subpara- graphs (A) and (B) shall not apply to any tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2017.’’. (3) T
OTAL REPEAL .—Part VI of subchapter B of chapter 1, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), is amended by striking section 199 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Sections 74(d)(2)(B), 86(b)(2)(A), 135(c)(4)(A), 137(b)(3)(A), 219(g)(3)(A)(ii), 221(b)(2)(C), 222(b)(2)(C), 246(b)(1), and 469(i)(3)(F)(iii) are each amended by striking ‘‘199,’’. (2) Section 170(b)(2)(D), as amended by sec-tion 11011, is amended by striking clause (iv) and by redesignating clauses (v) and (vi) as redesignating clauses (iv) as clause (v), re-spectively. (3) Section 172(d) is amended by striking paragraph (7). (4) Section 613(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and without the deduction under section 199’’. (5) Section 613A(d)(1) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (B) and by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subpara-graphs (B), (C), and (D). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2018. (2) E
ARLIER TERMINATION FOR CERTAIN TAX -
PAYERS .—The amendment made by para-graphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) shall apply to taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13306. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR CERTAIN FINES, PENALTIES, AND OTHER AMOUNTS. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (f) of section 162 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) F
INES, P ENALTIES , AND OTHER  A
MOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in the following paragraphs of this subsection, no deduction otherwise allowable shall be al-lowed under this chapter for any amount paid or incurred (whether by suit, agree-ment, or otherwise) to, or at the direction of, a government or governmental entity in re-lation to the violation of any law or the in-vestigation or inquiry by such government or entity into the potential violation of any law. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR AMOUNTS CONSTITUTING  
RESTITUTION OR PAID TO COME INTO COMPLI -
ANCE WITH LAW .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount that— ‘‘(i) the taxpayer establishes— ‘‘(I) constitutes restitution (including re-mediation of property) for damage or harm which was or may be caused by the violation of any law or the potential violation of any law, or ‘‘(II) is paid to come into compliance with any law which was violated or otherwise in-volved in the investigation or inquiry de-scribed in paragraph (1), ‘‘(ii) is identified as restitution or as an amount paid to come into compliance with such law, as the case may be, in the court order or settlement agreement, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of any amount of restitu-tion for failure to pay any tax imposed under this title in the same manner as if such amount were such tax, would have been al-lowed as a deduction under this chapter if it had been timely paid. The identification under clause (ii) alone shall not be sufficient to make the establish-ment required under clause (i). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any amount paid or incurred as reimbursement to the government or entity for the costs of any investigation or litiga-tion. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR AMOUNTS PAID OR IN -
CURRED AS THE RESULT OF CERTAIN COURT OR -DERS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or incurred by reason of any order of a court in a suit in which no govern-ment or governmental entity is a party. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR TAXES DUE .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or in-curred as taxes due. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN NONGOVERN -
MENTAL REGULATORY ENTITIES .—For purposes of this subsection, the following nongovern-mental entities shall be treated as govern-mental entities: ‘‘(A) Any nongovernmental entity which exercises self-regulatory powers (including imposing sanctions) in connection with a qualified board or exchange (as defined in section 1256(g)(7)). ‘‘(B) To the extent provided in regulations, any nongovernmental entity which exercises self-regulatory powers (including imposing sanctions) as part of performing an essential governmental function.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply to amounts paid or incurred under any binding order or agreement entered into before such date. Such exception shall not apply to an order or agreement requiring court approval unless the approval was obtained before such date. (b) R
EPORTING OF DEDUCTIBLE AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended by in-serting after section 6050W the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050X. INFORMATION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN FINES, PENALTIES, AND OTHER AMOUNTS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The appropriate official of any government or any entity described in section 162(f)(5) which is involved in a suit or agreement described in paragraph (2) shall make a return in such form as determined by the Secretary setting forth— ‘‘(A) the amount required to be paid as a result of the suit or agreement to which paragraph (1) of section 162(f) applies, ‘‘(B) any amount required to be paid as a result of the suit or agreement which con-stitutes restitution or remediation of prop-erty, and ‘‘(C) any amount required to be paid as a result of the suit or agreement for the pur-pose of coming into compliance with any law which was violated or involved in the inves-tigation or inquiry. ‘‘(2) S
UIT OR AGREEMENT DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A suit or agreement is described in this paragraph if— ‘‘(i) it is— ‘‘(I) a suit with respect to a violation of any law over which the government or entity has authority and with respect to which there has been a court order, or ‘‘(II) an agreement which is entered into with respect to a violation of any law over which the government or entity has author-ity, or with respect to an investigation or in-quiry by the government or entity into the potential violation of any law over which such government or entity has authority, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount involved in all court orders and agreements with respect to the violation, investigation, or inquiry is $600 or more. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT OF REPORTING THRESH -
OLD.—The Secretary shall adjust the $600 amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) as necessary in order to ensure the efficient administra-tion of the internal revenue laws. ‘‘(3) T
IME OF FILING .—The return required under this subsection shall be filed at the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7776 December 1, 2017 
time the agreement is entered into, as deter-mined by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) S
TATEMENTS TOBEFURNISHED TO INDI-
VIDUALS INVOLVED IN THE SETTLEMENT .— Every person required to make a return under subsection (a) shall furnish to each person who is a party to the suit or agree-ment a written statement showing— ‘‘(1) the name of the government or entity, and ‘‘(2) the information supplied to the Sec-retary under subsection (a)(1). The written statement required under the preceding sentence shall be furnished to the person at the same time the government or entity provides the Secretary with the infor-mation required under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) A
PPROPRIATE OFFICIAL DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘appro-priate official’ means the officer or employee having control of the suit, investigation, or inquiry or the person appropriately des-ignated for purposes of this section.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 6050W the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6050X. Information with respect to certain fines, penalties, and other amounts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply to amounts paid or incurred under any binding order or agreement entered into before such date. Such exception shall not apply to an order or agreement requiring court approval unless the approval was obtained before such date. 
SEC. 13307. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR SETTLE-MENTS SUBJECT TO NONDISCLO-SURE AGREEMENTS PAID IN CON-NECTION WITH SEXUAL HARASS-MENT OR SEXUAL ABUSE. 
(a) D ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—Section 162 is amended by redesignating subsection (q) as subsection (r) and by inserting after sub-section (p) the following new subsection: ‘‘(q) P
AYMENTS RELATED TO SEXUAL HAR-
ASSMENT AND SEXUAL ABUSE .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for— ‘‘(1) any settlement or payment related to sexual harassment or sexual abuse if such settlement or payment is subject to a non-disclosure agreement, or ‘‘(2) attorney’s fees related to such a set-tlement or payment.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 13309. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR LOCAL LOBBYING EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162(e) is amended by striking paragraphs (2) and (7) and by re-designating paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (8) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6033(e)(1)(B)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 162(e)(5)(B)(ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 162(e)(4)(B)(ii)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13310. RECHARACTERIZATION OF CERTAIN GAINS IN THE CASE OF PARTNER-SHIP PROFITS INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF INVESTMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IV of subchapter O of chapter 1 is amended— (1) by redesignating section 1061 as section 1062, and (2) by inserting after section 1060 the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘SEC. 1061. PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS HELD IN CONNECTION WITH PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If one or more applica-ble partnership interests are held by a tax-payer at any time during the taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year, over ‘‘(2) the taxpayer’s net long-term capital gain with respect to such interests for such taxable year computed by applying para-graphs (3) and (4) of sections 1222 by sub-stituting ‘3 years’ for ‘1 year’, shall be treated as short-term capital gain, notwithstanding section 83 or any election in effect under section 83(b). ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULE.—To the extent pro-vided by the Secretary, subsection (a) shall not apply to income or gain attributable to any asset not held for portfolio investment on behalf of third party investors. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABLE PARTNERSHIP INTEREST .— For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this paragraph or paragraph (4), the term ‘applicable partnership interest’ means any interest in a partnership which, directly or indirectly, is transferred to (or is held by) the taxpayer in connection with the perform-ance of substantial services by the taxpayer, or any other related person, in any applica-ble trade or business. The previous sentence shall not apply to an interest held by a per-son who is employed by another entity that is conducting a trade or business (other than an applicable trade or business) and only provides services to such other entity. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE TRADE OR BUSINESS .—The term ‘applicable trade or business’ means any activity conducted on a regular, contin-uous, and substantial basis which, regardless of whether the activity is conducted in one or more entities, consists, in whole or in part, of— ‘‘(A) raising or returning capital, and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) investing in (or disposing of) specified assets (or identifying specified assets for such investing or disposition), or ‘‘(ii) developing specified assets. ‘‘(3) S
PECIFIED ASSET .—The term ‘specified asset’ means securities (as defined in section 475(c)(2) without regard to the last sentence thereof), commodities (as defined in section 475(e)(2)), real estate held for rental or in-vestment, cash or cash equivalents, options or derivative contracts with respect to any of the foregoing, and an interest in a part-nership to the extent of the partnership’s proportionate interest in any of the fore-going. ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTIONS .—The term ‘applicable partnership interest’ shall not include— ‘‘(A) any interest in a partnership directly or indirectly held by a corporation, or ‘‘(B) any capital interest in the partnership which provides the taxpayer with a right to share in partnership capital commensurate with— ‘‘(i) the amount of capital contributed (de-termined at the time of receipt of such part-nership interest), or ‘‘(ii) the value of such interest subject to tax under section 83 upon the receipt or vest-ing of such interest. ‘‘(5) T
HIRD PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘third party investor’ means a person who— ‘‘(A) holds an interest in the partnership which does not constitute property held in connection with an applicable trade or busi-ness; and ‘‘(B) is not (and has not been) actively en-gaged, and is (and was) not related to a per-son so engaged, in (directly or indirectly) providing substantial services described in paragraph (1) for such partnership or any ap-plicable trade or business. ‘‘(d) TRANSFER OF APPLICABLE PARTNER -
SHIP INTEREST TO RELATED PERSON .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a taxpayer transfers any applicable partnership interest, directly or indirectly, to a person related to the tax-payer, the taxpayer shall include in gross in-come (as short term capital gain) the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) so much of the taxpayer’s long-term capital gains with respect to such interest for such taxable year attributable to the sale or exchange of any asset held for not more than 3 years as is allocable to such interest, over ‘‘(B) any amount treated as short term capital gain under subsection (a) with re-spect to the transfer of such interest. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PERSON .—For purposes of this paragraph, a person is related to the tax-payer if— ‘‘(A) the person is a member of the tax-payer’s family within the meaning of section 318(a)(1), or ‘‘(B) the person performed a service within the current calendar year or the preceding three calendar years in any applicable trade or business in which or for which the tax-payer performed a service. ‘‘(e) R
EPORTING .—The Secretary shall re-quire such reporting (at the time and in the manner prescribed by the Secretary) as is necessary to carry out the purposes of this section. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IV of subchapter O of chap-ter 1 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to 1061 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘Sec. 1061. Partnership interests held in connection with performance of services. ‘‘Sec. 1062. Cross references.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13311. PROHIBITION ON CASH, GIFT CARDS, AND OTHER NON-TANGIBLE PER-SONAL PROPERTY AS EMPLOYEE ACHIEVEMENT AWARDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) of sec-tion 274(j)(3) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term’’. (2) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) as subclauses (I), (II), and (III), respec-tively, and conforming the margins accord-ingly, and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) T
ANGIBLE PERSONAL PROPERTY .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘tangible per-sonal property’ shall not include— ‘‘(I) cash, cash equivalents, gift cards, gift coupons, or gift certificates (other than ar-rangements conferring only the right to se-lect and receive tangible personal property from a limited array of such items pre-se-lected or pre-approved by the employer), or ‘‘(II) vacations, meals, lodging, tickets to theater or sporting events, stocks, bonds, other securities, and other similar items.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or incurred after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13312. FLOOR PLAN FINANCING. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF INTEREST LIMITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 163(j), as amended by section 13301, is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7777 December 1, 2017 
(A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and in-serting ‘‘, plus’’, and by inserting after sub-paragraph (B) the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(C) the floor plan financing interest of such taxpayer for such taxable year.’’, and (B) in paragraph (4)(C)(i)(II), by inserting ‘‘, reduced by the floor plan financing inter-est,’’ after ‘‘business interest of the partner-ship’’, and (C) by redesignating paragraph (9) as para-graph (10) and inserting after paragraph (8) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INTEREST DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘floor plan fi-nancing interest’ means interest paid or ac-crued on floor plan financing indebtedness. ‘‘(B) F
LOOR PLAN FINANCING INDEBTED -
NESS.—The term ‘floor plan financing indebt-edness’ means indebtedness— ‘‘(i) used to finance the acquisition of motor vehicles held for sale or lease, and ‘‘(ii) secured by the inventory so acquired. ‘‘(C) M
OTOR VEHICLE .—The term ‘motor ve-hicle’ means a motor vehicle that is any of the following: ‘‘(i) An automobile. ‘‘(ii) A truck. ‘‘(iii) A recreational vehicle. ‘‘(iv) A motorcycle. ‘‘(v) Any self-propelled vehicle designed for transporting persons or property on a public street, highway, or road. ‘‘(vi) A boat. ‘‘(vii) Farm machinery or equipment.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (b) E
XCEPTION FROM 100 P ERCENT EXPENS -
ING.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 168(k), as added by section 13201(a)(4), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘shall not include any property’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not include— ‘‘(A) any property’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) any property used in a trade or busi-ness that has had floor plan financing in-debtedness (as defined in paragraph (9) of section 163(j)), if the floor plan financing in-terest related to such indebtedness was taken into account under paragraph (1)(C) of such section.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to prop-erty placed in service after September 27, 2017, in taxable years ending after such date. 
SEC. 13313. ELIMINATION OF DEDUCTION FOR LIVING EXPENSES INCURRED BY MEMBERS OF CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 162 is amended in the matter following para-graph (3) by striking ‘‘in excess of $3,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. PART V—BUSINESS CREDITS Subpart A—General Provisions 
SEC. 13401. MODIFICATION OF ORPHAN DRUG CREDIT. 
(a) C REDIT RATE.—Subsection (a) of section 45C is amended by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘27.5 percent’’. (b) E
LECTION OF REDUCED CREDIT .—Sub- section (b) of section 280C is amended by re-designating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
LECTION OF REDUCED CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any tax-able year for which an election is made under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply, and ‘‘(ii) the amount of the credit under sec-tion 45C(a) shall be the amount determined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) AMOUNT OF REDUCED CREDIT .—The amount of credit determined under this sub-paragraph for any taxable year shall be the amount equal to the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount of credit determined under section 45C(a) without regard to this para-graph, over ‘‘(ii) the product of— ‘‘(I) the amount described in clause (i), and ‘‘(II) the maximum rate of tax under sec-tion 11(b). ‘‘(C) E
LECTION .—An election under this paragraph for any taxable year shall be made not later than the time for filing the return of tax for such year (including extensions), shall be made on such return, and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. Such an election, once made, shall be irrevocable.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13402. REHABILITATION CREDIT LIMITED TO CERTIFIED HISTORIC STRUCTURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 47 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL RULE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 46, for any taxable year during the 5-year pe-riod beginning in the taxable year in which a qualified rehabilitated building is placed in service, the rehabilitation credit for such year is an amount equal to the ratable share for such year. ‘‘(2) R
ATABLE SHARE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the ratable share for any tax-able year during the period described in such paragraph is the amount equal to 20 percent of the qualified rehabilitation expenditures with respect to the qualified rehabilitated building, as allocated ratably to each year during such period.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 47(c) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (iii) to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) such building is a certified historic structure, and’’, (ii) by striking subparagraph (B), and (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), respec-tively, and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by amending clause (iv) to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) C
ERTIFIED HISTORIC STRUCTURE .—Any expenditure attributable to the rehabilita-tion of a qualified rehabilitated building un-less the rehabilitation is a certified rehabili-tation (within the meaning of subparagraph (C)).’’. (2) Paragraph (4) of section 145(d) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘of section 47(c)(1)(C)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of section 47(c)(1)(B)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 47(c)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 47(c)(1)(B)(i)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or in-curred after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—In the case of quali-fied rehabilitation expenditures with respect to any building— (A) owned or leased by the taxpayer during the entirety of the period after December 31, 2017, and (B) with respect to which the 24-month pe-riod selected by the taxpayer under section 47(c)(1)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended by subsection (b)) begins not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendments made by this section shall apply to such expenditures paid or incurred after the end of the taxable year in which the 24-month period referred to in subpara-graph (B) ends. SEC. 13403. EMPLOYER CREDIT FOR PAID FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT .—Subpart D of part IV of subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 45S. EMPLOYER CREDIT FOR PAID FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF CREDIT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38, in the case of an eligible employer, the paid family and medical leave credit is an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the amount of wages paid to qualifying em-ployees during any period in which such em-ployees are on family and medical leave. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1), the term ‘applicable percentage’ means 12.5 percent increased (but not above 25 percent) by 0.25 percentage points for each percentage point by which the rate of payment (as described under sub-section (c)(1)(B)) exceeds 50 percent. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The credit allowed under subsection (a) with respect to any employee for any taxable year shall not exceed an amount equal to the product of the normal hourly wage rate of such employee for each hour (or fraction thereof) of actual services performed for the employer and the number of hours (or fraction thereof) for which fam-ily and medical leave is taken. ‘‘(2) N
ON-HOURLY WAGE RATE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), in the case of any employee who is not paid on an hourly wage rate, the wages of such employee shall be prorated to an hourly wage rate under regulations estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF LEAVE SUBJECT TO  
CREDIT .—The amount of family and medical leave that may be taken into account with respect to any employee under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed 12 weeks. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible em-ployer’ means any employer who has in place a policy that meets the following require-ments: ‘‘(A) The policy provides— ‘‘(i) in the case of a qualifying employee who is not a part-time employee (as defined in section 4980E(d)(4)(B)), not less than 2 weeks of annual paid family and medical leave, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a qualifying employee who is a part-time employee, an amount of annual paid family and medical leave that is not less than an amount which bears the same ratio to the amount of annual paid family and medical leave that is provided to a qualifying employee described in clause (i) as— ‘‘(I) the number of hours the employee is expected to work during any week, bears to ‘‘(II) the number of hours an equivalent qualifying employee described in clause (i) is expected to work during the week. ‘‘(B) The policy requires that the rate of payment under the program is not less than 50 percent of the wages normally paid to such employee for services performed for the employer. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN EMPLOY -
ERS.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An added employer shall not be treated as an eligible employer unless 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7778 December 1, 2017 
such employer provides paid family and med-ical leave in compliance with a policy which ensures that the employer— ‘‘(i) will not interfere with, restrain, or deny the exercise of or the attempt to exer-cise, any right provided under the policy, and ‘‘(ii) will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against any individual for opposing any practice prohibited by the policy. ‘‘(B) A
DDED EMPLOYER ; ADDED EMPLOYEE .— For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) A
DDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘added employee’ means a qualifying employee who is not covered by title I of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended. ‘‘(ii) A
DDED EMPLOYER .—The term ‘added employer’ means an eligible employer (deter-mined without regard to this paragraph), whether or not covered by that title I, who offers paid family and medical leave to added employees. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATION RULE .—All persons which are treated as a single employer under sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 52 shall be treated as a single taxpayer. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF BENEFITS MANDATED OR  
PAID FOR BY STATE OR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .— For purposes of this section, any leave which is paid by a State or local government or re-quired by State or local law shall not be taken into account in determining the amount of paid family and medical leave provided by the employer. ‘‘(5) N
O INFERENCE .—Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed as subjecting an employer to any penalty, liability, or other consequence (other than ineligibility for the credit allowed by reason of subsection (a) or recapturing the benefit of such credit) for failure to comply with the requirements of this subsection. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFYING EMPLOYEES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualifying em-ployee’ means any employee (as defined in section 3(e) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended) who— ‘‘(1) has been employed by the employer for 1 year or more, and ‘‘(2) for the preceding year, had compensa-tion not in excess of an amount equal to 60 percent of the amount applicable for such year under clause (i) of section 414(q)(1)(B). ‘‘(e) F
AMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), for purposes of this section, the term ‘family and medical leave’ means leave for any 1 or more of the purposes de-scribed under subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (D), or (E) of paragraph (1), or paragraph (3), of section 102(a) of the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, as amended, whether the leave is provided under that Act or by a pol-icy of the employer. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION .—If an employer provides paid leave as vacation leave, personal leave, or medical or sick leave (other than leave specifically for 1 or more of the purposes re-ferred to in paragraph (1)), that paid leave shall not be considered to be family and med-ical leave under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘vacation leave’, ‘personal leave’, and ‘medical or sick leave’ mean those 3 types of leave, within the meaning of section 102(d)(2) of that Act. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATIONS MADE BY SECRETARY  
OFTREASURY .—For purposes of this section, any determination as to whether an em-ployer or an employee satisfies the applica-ble requirements for an eligible employer (as described in subsection (c)) or qualifying em-ployee (as described in subsection (d)), re-spectively, shall be made by the Secretary based on such information, to be provided by the employer, as the Secretary determines to be necessary or appropriate. ‘‘(g) WAGES .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘wages’ has the meaning given such term by subsection (b) of section 3306 (deter-mined without regard to any dollar limita-tion contained in such section). Such term shall not include any amount taken into ac-count for purposes of determining any other credit allowed under this subpart. ‘‘(h) E
LECTION TO HAVE CREDIT NOT A
PPLY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A taxpayer may elect to have this section not apply for any taxable year. ‘‘(2) O
THER RULES .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 51(j) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(i) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to wages paid in taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
REDIT PART OF GENERAL BUSINESS  C
REDIT .—Section 38(b) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘plus’’ at the end of paragraph (35), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (36) and inserting ‘‘, plus’’, and by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(37) in the case of an eligible employer (as defined in section 45S(c)), the paid family and medical leave credit determined under section 45S(a).’’. (c) C
REDIT ALLOWED AGAINST AMT.—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 38(c)(4) is amended by redesignating clauses (ix) through (xi) as clauses (x) through (xii), respectively, and by inserting after clause (viii) the following new clause: ‘‘(ix) the credit determined under section 45S,’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
ENIAL OF DOUBLE BENEFIT .—Section 280C(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(a),’’ after ‘‘45P(a),’’. (2) E
LECTION TO HAVE CREDIT NOT APPLY .— Section 6501(m) is amended by inserting ‘‘45S(h),’’ after ‘‘45H(g),’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart D of part IV of sub-chapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 45S. Employer credit for paid family and medical leave.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wages paid in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. Subpart B—Provisions Relating to Low- income Housing Credit 
SEC. 13411. TREATMENT OF VETERANS’ PREF-ERENCE AS NOT VIOLATING GEN-ERAL PUBLIC USE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (C) of sec-tion 42(g)(9) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) who are veterans of the Armed Forces.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to buildings placed in service before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13412. INCREASE IN CREDIT FOR CERTAIN RURAL HOUSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 42(d)(5)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vi) C
ERTAIN NEW BUILDINGS IN RURAL  
AREAS .—For purposes of clause (i), a building described in subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) which is located in a rural area (as defined in section 520 of the Housing Act of 1949) shall be treat-ed in the same manner as a new building lo-cated in a difficult development area which is designated for purposes of this subpara-graph.’’. (b) O
FFSET .—Section 42(d)(5)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘130 percent’’ both places it appears in subclauses (I) and (II) and inserting ‘‘125 percent’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to buildings placed in service after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. PART VI—PROVISIONS RELATED TO SPECIFIC ENTITIES AND INDUSTRIES Subpart A—Partnership Provisions SEC. 13501. TREATMENT OF GAIN OR LOSS OF FOREIGN PERSONS FROM SALE OR EXCHANGE OF INTERESTS IN PART-NERSHIPS ENGAGED IN TRADE OR BUSINESS WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 864(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) G
AIN OR LOSS OF FOREIGN PERSONS  
FROM SALE OR EXCHANGE OF CERTAIN PART -
NERSHIP INTERESTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this subtitle, if a non-resident alien individual or foreign corpora-tion owns, directly or indirectly, an interest in a partnership which is engaged in any trade or business within the United States, gain or loss on the sale or exchange of all (or any portion of) such interest shall be treated as effectively connected with the conduct of such trade or business to the extent such gain or loss does not exceed the amount de-termined under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
MOUNT TREATED AS EFFECTIVELY CON -
NECTED .—The amount determined under this subparagraph with respect to any partner-ship interest sold or exchanged— ‘‘(i) in the case of any gain on the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, is— ‘‘(I) the portion of the partner’s distribu-tive share of the amount of gain which would have been effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States if the partnership had sold all of its assets at their fair market value as of the date of the sale or exchange of such in-terest, or ‘‘(II) zero if no gain on such deemed sale would have been so effectively connected, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any loss on the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, is— ‘‘(I) the portion of the partner’s distribu-tive share of the amount of loss on the deemed sale described in clause (i)(I) which would have been so effectively connected, or ‘‘(II) zero if no loss on such deemed sale would be have been so effectively connected. For purposes of this subparagraph, a part-ner’s distributive share of gain or loss on the deemed sale shall be determined in the same manner as such partner’s distributive share of the non-separately stated taxable income or loss of such partnership. ‘‘(C) C
OORDINATION WITH UNITED STATES  
REAL PROPERTY INTERESTS .—If a partnership described in subparagraph (A) holds any United States real property interest (as de-fined in section 897(c)) at the time of the sale or exchange of the partnership interest, then the gain or loss treated as effectively con-nected income under subparagraph (A) shall be reduced by the amount so treated with re-spect to such United States real property in-terest under section 897. ‘‘(D) S
ALE OR EXCHANGE .—For purposes of this paragraph, an individual or corporation shall be treated as having sold or exchanged any interest in a partnership if, under any provision of this subtitle, gain or loss is real-ized from the sale or exchange of such inter-est. ‘‘(E) S
ECRETARIAL AUTHORITY .—The Sec- retary shall prescribe such regulations as the Secretary determines appropriate for the ap-plication of this paragraph, including regula-tions which provide that, notwithstanding subparagraph (D), this paragraph applies in a case even if gain or loss from a sale or ex-change would not be realized under any other provision of this subtitle.’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1446 is amended by redesignating subsection 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7779 December 1, 2017 
(f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULES FOR WITHHOLDING ON  S
ALES OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this subsection, if any portion of the gain (if any) on any disposition of an interest in a partnership would be treated under section 864(c)(8) as effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States, the transferee shall be re-quired to deduct and withhold a tax equal to 10 percent of the amount realized on the dis-position. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION IF NONFOREIGN AFFIDAVIT  
FURNISHED .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No person shall be re-quired to deduct and withhold any amount under paragraph (1) with respect to any dis-position if the transferor furnishes to the transferee an affidavit by the transferor stating, under penalty of perjury, the trans-feror’s United States taxpayer identification number and that the transferor is not a for-eign person. ‘‘(B) F
ALSE AFFIDAVIT .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any disposition if— ‘‘(i) the transferee has actual knowledge that the affidavit is false, or the transferee receives a notice (as described in section 1445(d)) from a transferor’s agent or trans-feree’s agent that such affidavit or state-ment is false, or ‘‘(ii) the Secretary by regulations requires the transferee to furnish a copy of such affi-davit or statement to the Secretary and the transferee fails to furnish a copy of such affi-davit or statement to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as required by such regulations. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR AGENTS .—The rules of sec-tion 1445(d) shall apply to a transferor’s agent or transferee’s agent with respect to any affidavit described in subparagraph (A) in the same manner as such rules apply with respect to the disposition of a United States real property interest under such section. ‘‘(3) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY TO PRESCRIBE  
REDUCED AMOUNT .—At the request of the transferor or transferee, the Secretary may prescribe a reduced amount to be withheld under this section if the Secretary deter-mines that to substitute such reduced amount will not jeopardize the collection of the tax imposed under this title with respect to gain treated under section 864(c)(8) as ef-fectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business with in the United States. ‘‘(4) P
ARTNERSHIP TO WITHHOLD AMOUNTS  
NOT WITHHELD BY THE TRANSFEREE .—If a transferee fails to withhold any amount re-quired to be withheld under paragraph (1), the partnership shall be required to deduct and withhold from distributions to the trans-feree a tax in an amount equal to the amount the transferee failed to withhold (plus interest under this title on such amount). ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—Any term used in this subsection which is also used under section 1445 shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to carry out the purposes of this sub-section, including regulations providing for exceptions from the provisions of this sub-section.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales and exchanges on or after November 27, 2017. 
SEC. 13502. MODIFY DEFINITION OF SUBSTAN-TIAL BUILT-IN LOSS IN THE CASE OF TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP INTER-EST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 743(d) is to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, a partnership has a substantial built-in loss with respect to a transfer of an interest in the partnership if— ‘‘(A) the partnership’s adjusted basis in the partnership property exceeds by more than $250,000 the fair market value of such prop-erty, or ‘‘(B) the transferee partner would be allo-cated a loss of more than $250,000 if the part-nership assets were sold for cash equal to their fair market value immediately after such transfer.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers of partnership interests after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13503. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS AND FOREIGN TAXES TAKEN INTO AC-COUNT IN DETERMINING LIMITA-TION ON ALLOWANCE OF PARTNER’S SHARE OF LOSS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 704 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘A partner’s distributive share’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A partner’s distributive share’’, (2) by striking ‘‘Any excess of such loss’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—Any excess of such loss’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In determining the amount of any loss under paragraph (1), there shall be taken into account the part-ner’s distributive share of amounts described in paragraphs (4) and (6) of section 702(a). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a chari-table contribution of property whose fair market value exceeds its adjusted basis, sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply to the extent of the partner’s distributive share of such ex-cess.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to partner-ship taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. Subpart B—Insurance Reforms 
SEC. 13511. NET OPERATING LOSSES OF LIFE IN-SURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 805(b) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesig-nating paragraph (5) as paragraph (4). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 810 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (2)(A) Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 844 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (B) Section 831(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘except as provided in section 844,’’ (3) Section 381 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (4) Section 805(a)(4)(B)(ii) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) the deduction allowed under section 172,’’. (5) Section 805(a) is amended by striking paragraph (5). (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A)(iv) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) any net operating loss carryback to the taxable year under section 172, and’’. (7) Section 953(b)(1)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) So much of section 805(a)(8) as relates to the deduction allowed under section 172.’’. (8) Section 1351(i)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘or the operations loss deduction under sec-tion 810,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to losses arising in taxable years beginning after De-cember 31, 2017. SEC. 13512. REPEAL OF SMALL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 806 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 453B(e) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(as defined in section 806(b)(3))’’ in paragraph (2)(B), and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) N
ONINSURANCE BUSINESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘noninsurance business’ means any activity which is not an insur-ance business. ‘‘(B) C
ERTAIN ACTIVITIES TREATED AS INSUR -
ANCE BUSINESSES .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), any activity which is not an in-surance business shall be treated as an insur-ance business if— ‘‘(i) it is of a type traditionally carried on by life insurance companies for investment purposes, but only if the carrying on of such activity (other than in the case of real es-tate) does not constitute the active conduct of a trade or business, or ‘‘(ii) it involves the performance of admin-istrative services in connection with plans providing life insurance, pension, or accident and health benefits.’’. (2) Section 465(c)(7)(D)(v)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘section 806(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 453B(e)(3)’’. (3) Section 801(a)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (4) Section 804 is amended by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means the general deductions provided in section 805.’’. (5) Section 805(a)(4)(B), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking clause (i) and by redesignating clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively. (6) Section 805(b)(2)(A), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking clause (iii) and by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively. (7) Section 842(c) is amended by striking paragraph (1) and by redesignating para-graphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (8) Section 953(b)(1), as amended by section 13511, is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respec-tively. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13513. ADJUSTMENT FOR CHANGE IN COM-PUTING RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 807(f) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT AS CHANGE IN METHOD OF  
ACCOUNTING .—If the basis for determining any item referred to in subsection (c) as of the close of any taxable year differs from the basis for such determination as of the close of the preceding taxable year, then so much of the difference between— ‘‘(A) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the new basis, and ‘‘(B) the amount of the item at the close of the taxable year, computed on the old basis, as is attributable to contracts issued before the taxable year shall be taken into account under section 481 as adjustments attrib-utable to a change in method of accounting initiated by the taxpayer and made with the consent of the Secretary.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7780 December 1, 2017 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13514. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DIS-TRIBUTIONS TO SHAREHOLDERS FROM PRE-1984 POLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS ACCOUNT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart D of part I of subchapter L is amended by striking section 815 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such sub-part). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 801 is amended by striking subsection (c). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (d) P
HASED INCLUSION OF REMAINING BAL-
ANCE OF POLICYHOLDERS SURPLUS AC-
COUNTS .—In the case of any stock life insur-ance company which has a balance (deter-mined as of the close of such company’s last taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018) in an existing policyholders surplus ac-count (as defined in section 815 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect before its repeal), the tax imposed by section 801 of such Code for the first 8 taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017, shall be the amount which would be imposed by such sec-tion for such year on the sum of— (1) life insurance company taxable income for such year (within the meaning of such section 801 but not less than zero), plus (2) 
1⁄8of such balance. 
SEC. 13515. MODIFICATION OF PRORATION RULES FOR PROPERTY AND CAS-UALTY INSURANCE COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 832(b)(5)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable percentage’’, and (2) by inserting at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of this subpara-graph, the applicable percentage is 5.25 per-cent divided by the highest rate in effect under section 11(b).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13516. REPEAL OF SPECIAL ESTIMATED TAX PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter L of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 847 (and by striking the item relating to such section in the table of sections for such part). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13517. COMPUTATION OF LIFE INSURANCE TAX RESERVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) C
OMPUTATION OF RESERVES .—Section 807(c) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) I
TEMS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—The items referred to in subsections (a) and (b) are as follows— ‘‘(1) The life insurance reserves (as defined in section 816(b)). ‘‘(2) The unearned premiums and unpaid losses included in total reserves under sec-tion 816(c)(2). ‘‘(3) The amounts (discounted at the appro-priate rate of interest) necessary to satisfy the obligations under insurance and annuity contracts, but only if such obligations do not involve (at the time with respect to which the computation is made under this para-graph) life, accident, or health contin-gencies. ‘‘(4) Dividend accumulations, and other amounts, held at interest in connection with insurance and annuity contracts. ‘‘(5) Premiums received in advance, and li-abilities for premium deposit funds. ‘‘(6) Reasonable special contingency re-serves under contracts of group term life in-surance or group accident and health insur-ance which are established and maintained for the provision of insurance on retired lives, for premium stabilization, or a com-bination thereof. For purposes of paragraph (3), the appro-priate rate of interest is the highest rate or rates permitted to be used to discount the obligations by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners as of the date the reserve is determined. In no case shall the amount determined under paragraph (3) for any contract be less than the net surrender value of such contract. For purposes of para-graph (2) and section 805(a)(1), the amount of the unpaid losses (other than losses on life insurance contracts) shall be the amount of the discounted unpaid losses as defined in section 846.’’. (2) Section 807(d) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), (4), and (5), (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (4), (C) by inserting before paragraph (3) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) DETERMINATION OF RESERVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this part (other than section 816), the amount of the life insurance reserves for any contract (other than a contract to which subpara-graph (B) applies) shall be the greater of— ‘‘(i) the net surrender value of such con-tract, or ‘‘(ii) 92.87 percent of the reserve deter-mined under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) V
ARIABLE CONTRACTS .—For purposes of this part (other than section 816), the amount of the life insurance reserves for a variable contract shall be equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the greater of— ‘‘(I) the net surrender value of such con-tract, or ‘‘(II) the portion of the reserve that is sep-arately accounted for under section 817, plus ‘‘(ii) 92.87 percent of the excess (if any) of the reserve determined under paragraph (2) over the amount in clause (i). ‘‘(C) S
TATUTORY CAP .—In no event shall the reserves determined under subparagraphs (A) or (B) for any contract as of any time exceed the amount which would be taken into ac-count with respect to such contract as of such time in determining statutory reserves (as defined in paragraph (4)). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT OF RESERVE .—The amount of the reserve determined under this paragraph with respect to any contract shall be deter-mined by using the tax reserve method appli-cable to such contract.’’, (D) by striking ‘‘(as of the date of issuance)’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)(I) and in-serting ‘‘(as of the date the reserve is deter-mined)’’, (E) by striking ‘‘as of the date of the issuance of’’ in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)(II) and inserting ‘‘as of the date the reserve is deter-mined for’’, (F) by striking ‘‘in effect on the date of the issuance of the contract’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(i) and inserting ‘‘applicable to the con-tract and in effect as of the date the reserve is determined’’, and (G) by striking ‘‘in effect on the date of the issuance of the contract’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(ii) and inserting ‘‘applicable to the contract and in effect as of the date the re-serve is determined’’. (3) Section 807(e) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (5), (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5), re-spectively, (C) by amending paragraph (2) (as so redes-ignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS .— ‘‘(A) QUALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS  
TREATED SEPARATELY .—For purposes of this part, the amount of the life insurance re-serve for any qualified supplemental benefit shall be computed separately as though such benefit were under a separate contract. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFIT .— For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified supplemental benefit’ means any supplemental benefit described in subpara-graph (C) if— ‘‘(i) there is a separately identified pre-mium or charge for such benefit, and ‘‘(ii) any net surrender value under the contract attributable to any other benefit is not available to fund such benefit. ‘‘(C) S
UPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the supplemental benefits described in this subparagraph are any— ‘‘(i) guaranteed insurability, ‘‘(ii) accidental death or disability benefit, ‘‘(iii) convertibility, ‘‘(iv) disability waiver benefit, or ‘‘(v) other benefit prescribed by regula-tions, which is supplemental to a contract for which there is a reserve described in sub-section (c).’’, and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) R
EPORTING RULES .—The Secretary shall require reporting (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall pre-scribe) with respect to the opening balance and closing balance of reserves and with re-spect to the method of computing reserves for purposes of determining income.’’. (4) Section 7702 is amended— (A) by striking clause (i) of subsection (c)(3)(B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) reasonable mortality charges which meet the requirements prescribed in regula-tions to be promulgated by the Secretary or that do not exceed the mortality charges specified in the prevailing commissioners’ standard tables as defined in subsection (f)(10),’’ and (B) by adding at the end of subsection (f) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) P
REVAILING COMMISSIONERS ’ STANDARD  
TABLES .—For purposes of subsection (c)(3)(B)(i), the term ‘prevailing commis-sioners’ standard tables’ means the most re-cent commissioners’ standard tables pre-scribed by the National Association of Insur-ance Commissioners which are permitted to be used in computing reserves for that type of contract under the insurance laws of at least 26 States when the contract was issued. If the prevailing commissioners’ standard ta-bles as of the beginning of any calendar year (hereinafter in this paragraph referred to as the ‘year of change’) are different from the prevailing commissioners’ standard tables as of the beginning of the preceding calendar year, the issuer may use the prevailing com-missioners’ standard tables as of the begin-ning of the preceding calendar year with re-spect to any contract issued after the change and before the close of the 3-year period be-ginning on the first day of the year of change.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 808 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) P
REVAILING STATE ASSUMED INTEREST  R
ATE.—For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘prevailing State assumed interest rate’ means, with re-spect to any contract, the highest assumed interest rate permitted to be used in com-puting life insurance reserves for insurance contracts or annuity contracts (as the case may be) under the insurance laws of at least 26 States. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the effect of nonforfeiture laws of a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7781 December 1, 2017 
State on interest rates for reserves shall not be taken into account. ‘‘(2) W
HEN RATE DETERMINED .—The pre- vailing State assumed interest rate with re-spect to any contract shall be determined as of the beginning of the calendar year in which the contract was issued.’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 811(d) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘the greater of the prevailing State assumed interest rate or applicable Federal interest rate in effect under section 807’’ and inserting ‘‘the interest rate in effect under section 808(g)’’. (3) Subparagraph (A) of section 846(f)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘except that’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘except that the limitation of subsection (a)(3) shall apply, and’’. (4) Subparagraph (B) of section 954(i)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘shall apply, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—For the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, the reserve with respect to any contract (as de-termined under section 807(d)(2) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) at the end of the preceding taxable year shall be determined as if the amendments made by this section had applied to such reserve in such preceding taxable year. (3) T
RANSITION RELIEF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If— (i) the reserve determined under section 807(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (determined without regard to the amend-ments made by this section) with respect to any contract as of the close of the year pre-ceding the first taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, differs from (ii) the reserve which would have been de-termined with respect to such contract as of the close of such taxable year under such section determined without regard to para-graph (2), then the difference between the amount of the reserve described in clause (i) and the amount of the reserve described in clause (ii) shall be taken into account under the meth-od provided in subparagraph (B). (B) M
ETHOD .—The method provided in this subparagraph is as follows: (i) If the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A)(i) exceeds the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (A)(ii), 1/8 of such excess shall be taken into account, for each of the 8 succeeding taxable years, as a deduc-tion under section 805(a)(2) or 832(c)(4) of such Code, as applicable. (ii) If the amount determined under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) exceeds the amount deter-mined under subparagraph (A)(i), 1/8 of such excess shall be included in gross income, for each of the 8 succeeding taxable years, under section 803(a)(2) or 832(b)(1)(C) of such Code, as applicable. 
SEC. 13518. MODIFICATION OF RULES FOR LIFE INSURANCE PRORATION FOR PUR-POSES OF DETERMINING THE DIVI-DENDS RECEIVED DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 812 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 812. DEFINITION OF COMPANY’S SHARE AND POLICYHOLDER’S SHARE. 
‘‘(a) C OMPANY ’SSHARE .—For purposes of section 805(a)(4), the term ‘company’s share’ means, with respect to any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, 70 percent. ‘‘(b) P
OLICYHOLDER ’SSHARE .—For purposes of section 807, the term ‘policyholder’s share’ means, with respect to any taxable year be-ginning after December 31, 2017, 30 percent.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 817A(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘, 807(d)(2)(B), and 812’’ and inserting ‘‘and 807(d)(2)(B)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13519. CAPITALIZATION OF CERTAIN POLICY ACQUISITION EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Section 848(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ and inserting ‘‘180-month’’. (2) Section 848(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘1.75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.1 percent’’. (3) Section 848(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘2.05 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2.46 percent’’. (4) Section 848(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘7.7 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘9.24 percent’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 848(b)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘120-month’’ and inserting ‘‘180-month’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to net premiums for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) T
RANSITION RULE .—Specified policy ac-quisition expenses first required to be cap-italized in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, will continue to be allowed as a deduction ratably over the 120-month period beginning with the first month in the second half of such taxable year. 
SEC. 13520. TAX REPORTING FOR LIFE SETTLE-MENT TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart B of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61, as amended by section 13306, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6050Y. RETURNS RELATING TO CERTAIN LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACT TRANS-ACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING OF CER-
TAIN PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every person who ac-quires a life insurance contract or any inter-est in a life insurance contract in a report-able policy sale during any taxable year shall make a return for such taxable year (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary shall prescribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of such person, ‘‘(B) the name, address, and TIN of each re-cipient of payment in the reportable policy sale, ‘‘(C) the date of such sale, ‘‘(D) the name of the issuer of the life in-surance contract sold and the policy number of such contract, and ‘‘(E) the amount of each payment. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PER -
SONS WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS  
REQUIRED .—Every person required to make a return under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to such person, except that in the case of an issuer of a life insurance contract, such statement is not re-quired to include the information specified in paragraph (1)(E). ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING OF SELL-
ER’SBASIS IN LIFEINSURANCE CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receipt of the statement required under subsection (a)(2) or upon notice of a transfer of a life insurance contract to a foreign person, each issuer of a life insurance contract shall make a return (at such time and in such manner as the Sec-retary shall prescribe) setting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of the seller who transfers any interest in such con-tract in such sale, ‘‘(B) the investment in the contract (as de-fined in section 72(e)(6)) with respect to such seller, and ‘‘(C) the policy number of such contract. ‘‘(2) STATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PER -
SONS WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS  
REQUIRED .—Every person required to make a return under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to each seller whose name is required to be set forth in such return. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT OF REPORTING WITHRE-
SPECT TO REPORTABLE DEATH BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Every person who makes a payment of reportable death benefits dur-ing any taxable year shall make a return for such taxable year (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe) set-ting forth— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and TIN of the per-son making such payment, ‘‘(B) the name, address, and TIN of each re-cipient of such payment, ‘‘(C) the date of each such payment, ‘‘(D) the gross amount of each such pay-ment, and ‘‘(E) such person’s estimate of the invest-ment in the contract (as defined in section 72(e)(6)) with respect to the buyer. ‘‘(2) S
TATEMENT TO BE FURNISHED TO PER -
SONS WITH RESPECT TO WHOM INFORMATION IS  
REQUIRED .—Every person required to make a return under this subsection shall furnish to each person whose name is required to be set forth in such return a written statement showing— ‘‘(A) the name, address, and phone number of the information contact of the person re-quired to make such return, and ‘‘(B) the information required to be shown on such return with respect to each recipient of payment whose name is required to be set forth in such return. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) P
AYMENT .—The term ‘payment’ means, with respect to any reportable policy sale, the amount of cash and the fair market value of any consideration transferred in the sale. ‘‘(2) R
EPORTABLE POLICY SALE .—The term ‘reportable policy sale’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) I
SSUER .—The term ‘issuer’ means any life insurance company that bears the risk with respect to a life insurance contract on the date any return or statement is required to be made under this section. ‘‘(4) R
EPORTABLE DEATH BENEFITS .—The term ‘reportable death benefits’ means amounts paid by reason of the death of the insured under a life insurance contract that has been transferred in a reportable policy sale.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart B of part III of sub-chapter A of chapter 61, as amended by sec-tion 13306, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 6050X the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 6050Y. Returns relating to certain life insurance contract trans-actions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (d) of section 6724 is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (xxiv) of paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (xxv) of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by inserting after such clause (xxv) the following new clause: ‘‘(xxvi) section 6050Y (relating to returns relating to certain life insurance contract transactions), and’’, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7782 December 1, 2017 
(B) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (HH) of paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (II) of such paragraph and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by in-serting after such subparagraph (II) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(JJ) subsection (a)(2), (b)(2), or (c)(2) of section 6050Y (relating to returns relating to certain life insurance contract trans-actions).’’. (2) Section 6047 is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h), (B) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) I
NFORMATION RELATING TO LIFEINSUR -
ANCE CONTRACT TRANSACTIONS .—This section shall not apply to any information which is required to be reported under section 6050Y.’’, and (C) by adding at the end of subsection (h), as so redesignated, the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) For provisions requiring reporting of information relating to certain life insur-ance contract transactions, see section 6050Y.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) reportable policy sales (as defined in section 6050Y(d)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by subsection (a)) after December 31, 2017, and (2) reportable death benefits (as defined in section 6050Y(d)(4) of such Code (as added by subsection (a)) paid after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13521. CLARIFICATION OF TAX BASIS OF LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACTS. 
(a) C LARIFICATION WITHRESPECT TO AD-
JUSTMENTS .—Paragraph (1) of section 1016(a) is amended by striking subparagraph (A) and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) for— ‘‘(i) taxes or other carrying charges de-scribed in section 266; or ‘‘(ii) expenditures described in section 173 (relating to circulation expenditures), for which deductions have been taken by the taxpayer in determining taxable income for the taxable year or prior taxable years; or ‘‘(B) for mortality, expense, or other rea-sonable charges incurred under an annuity or life insurance contract;’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to trans-actions entered into after August 25, 2009. 
SEC. 13522. EXCEPTION TO TRANSFER FOR VALU-ABLE CONSIDERATION RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 101 is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION TO VALUABLE CONSIDERATION  
RULES FOR COMMERCIAL TRANSFERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The second sentence of paragraph (2) shall not apply in the case of a transfer of a life insurance contract, or any interest therein, which is a reportable policy sale. ‘‘(B) R
EPORTABLE POLICY SALE .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘reportable policy sale’ means the acquisition of an in-terest in a life insurance contract, directly or indirectly, if the acquirer has no substan-tial family, business, or financial relation-ship with the insured apart from the acquirer’s interest in such life insurance con-tract. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the term ‘indirectly’ applies to the ac-quisition of an interest in a partnership, trust, or other entity that holds an interest in the life insurance contract.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 101(a) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers after December 31, 2017. Subpart C—Banks and Financial Instruments SEC. 13531. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR FDIC PREMIUMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 162, as amended by sections 13307 and 13308, is amended by re-designating subsection (s) as subsection (t) and by inserting after subsection (r) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(s) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FDIC P REMIUMS  P
AID BY CERTAIN LARGE FINANCIAL INSTITU -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed for the applicable percentage of any FDIC premium paid or incurred by the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR SMALL INSTITUTIONS .— Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any tax-payer for any taxable year if the total con-solidated assets of such taxpayer (deter-mined as of the close of such taxable year) do not exceed $10,000,000,000. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means, with respect to any tax-payer for any taxable year, the ratio (ex-pressed as a percentage but not greater than 100 percent) which— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the total consolidated assets of such taxpayer (determined as of the close of such taxable year), over ‘‘(ii) $10,000,000,000, bears to ‘‘(B) $40,000,000,000. ‘‘(4) FDIC 
PREMIUMS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘FDIC premium’ means any assessment imposed under section 7(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(b)). ‘‘(5) T
OTAL CONSOLIDATED ASSETS .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘total con-solidated assets’ has the meaning given such term under section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5365). ‘‘(6) A
GGREGATION RULE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Members of an expanded affiliated group shall be treated as a single taxpayer for purposes of applying this sub-section. ‘‘(B) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘expanded affiliated group’ means an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). ‘‘(ii) C
ONTROL OF NON -CORPORATE ENTI -
TIES.—A partnership or any other entity (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of an expanded affiliated group if such entity is controlled (within the mean-ing of section 954(d)(3)) by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this clause).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13532. REPEAL OF ADVANCE REFUNDING BONDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 149(d) is amended by striking ‘‘as part of an issue described in paragraph (2), (3), or (4).’’ and inserting ‘‘to advance refund another bond.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 149(d) is amended by striking paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (6) and by redesig-nating paragraphs (5) and (7) as paragraphs (2) and (3). (2) Section 148(f)(4)(C) is amended by strik-ing clause (xiv) and by redesignating clauses (xv) to (xvii) as clauses (xiv) to (xvi). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to advance refunding bonds issued after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13533. COST BASIS OF SPECIFIED SECURI-TIES DETERMINED WITHOUT RE-GARD TO IDENTIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1012 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(e) C
OSTBASIS OF SPECIFIED SECURITIES  D
ETERMINED WITHOUT REGARD TO IDENTIFICA -
TION.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless the Secretary permits the use of an average basis method for determining cost, in the case of the sale, exchange, or other disposition of a specified security (within the meaning of section 6045(g)(3)(B)), the basis (and holding period) of such security shall be determined on a first-in first-out basis. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—In the case of a sale, ex-change, or other disposition of a specified se-curity by a regulated investment company (as defined in section 851(a)), paragraph (1) shall not apply.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1012(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘the conventions prescribed by regula-tions under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘the method applicable for determining the cost of such security’’. (2) Section 1012(c)(2)(A) is amended by in-serting ‘‘(as in effect prior to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act)’’ after ‘‘this section’’. (3) Section 6045(g)(2)(B)(i)(I) is amended by striking ‘‘unless the customer notifies the broker by means of making an adequate identification of the stock sold or trans-ferred’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to sales, ex-changes, and other dispositions after Decem-ber 31, 2017. Subpart D—S Corporations 
SEC. 13541. EXPANSION OF QUALIFYING BENE-FICIARIES OF AN ELECTING SMALL BUSINESS TRUST. 
(a) N OLOOK-THROUGH FOR ELIGIBILITY PUR-
POSES .—Section 1361(c)(2)(B)(v) is amended by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘This clause shall not apply for pur-poses of subsection (b)(1)(C).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 13542. CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTION DEDUC-TION FOR ELECTING SMALL BUSI-NESS TRUSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 641(c)(2) is amended by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E)(i) Section 642(c) shall not apply. ‘‘(ii) For purposes of section 170(b)(1)(G), adjusted gross income shall be computed in the same manner as in the case of an indi-vidual, except that the deductions for costs which are paid or incurred in connection with the administration of the trust and which would not have been incurred if the property were not held in such trust shall be treated as allowable in arriving at adjusted gross income.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13543. MODIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF S CORPORATION CONVERSIONS TO C CORPORATIONS. 
(a) A DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CONVER -
SION FROM S CORPORATION TO C CORPORA -
TION.—Section 481 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) A
DJUSTMENTS ATTRIBUTABLE TO CON -
VERSION FROM S CORPORATION TO C CORPORA -
TION.—(1) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an eli-gible terminated S corporation, any increase in tax under this chapter by reason of an ad-justment required 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 11:16 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7783 December 1, 2017 
by subsection (a)(2), and which is attrib-utable to such corporation’s revocation de-scribed in paragraph (2)(A)(ii), shall be taken into account ratably during the 6-taxable year period beginning with the year of change.’’ (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1371 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(f) C
ASHDISTRIBUTIONS FOLLOWING POST- 
TERMINATION TRANSITION PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a distribu-tion of money by an eligible terminated S corporation after the post-termination tran-sition period, the accumulated adjustments account shall be allocated to such distribu-tion, and the distribution shall be chargeable to accumulated earnings and profits, in the same ratio as the amount of such accumu-lated adjustments account bears to the amount of such accumulated earnings and profits. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE TERMINATED S CORPORATION .— For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘el-igible terminated S corporation’ means any C corporation— ‘‘(A) which— ‘‘(i) was an S corporation on the day before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and ‘‘(ii) during the 2-year period beginning on the date of such enactment makes a revoca-tion of its election under section 1362(a), and ‘‘(B) the owners of the stock of which, de-termined on the date such revocation is made, are the same owners (and in identical proportions) as on the date of such enact-ment.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions after the date of the enactment of this Act. PART VII—EMPLOYMENT Subpart A—Compensation 
SEC. 13601. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMUNERA-TION. 
(a) R EPEAL OF PERFORMANCE -BASED COM-
PENSATION AND COMMISSION EXCEPTIONS FOR  L
IMITATION ON EXCESSIVE EMPLOYEE REMU-
NERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Paragraph (4) of section 162(m) is amended by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C) and by redesignating subpara-graphs (D), (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Paragraphs (5)(E) and (6)(D) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B), (C), and (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’. (B) Paragraphs (5)(G) and (6)(G) of section 162(m) are each amended by striking ‘‘(F) and (G)’’ and inserting ‘‘(D) and (E)’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF COV-
ERED EMPLOYEES .—Paragraph (3) of section 162(m) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘as of the close of the taxable year, such employee is the chief executive officer of the taxpayer or is’’ and inserting ‘‘such employee is the principal executive officer or principal finan-cial officer of the taxpayer at any time dur-ing the taxable year, or was’’, (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘4’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(other than the chief exec-utive officer)’’ and inserting ‘‘(other than any individual described in subparagraph (A))’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) was a covered employee of the tax-payer (or any predecessor) for any preceding taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016.’’. (c) EXPANSION OF APPLICABLE EMPLOYER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 162(m)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
UBLICLY HELD CORPORATION .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘publicly held corporation’ means any corporation which is an issuer (as defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c))— ‘‘(A) the securities of which are required to be registered under section 12 of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78l), or ‘‘(B) that is required to file reports under section 15(d) of such Act (15 U.S.C. 78o(d)).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 162(m)(3), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘Such term shall include any employee who would be described in subparagraph (B) if the reporting described in such subparagraph were required as so described.’’. (d) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID 
TOBENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 162(m), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) S
PECIAL RULE FOR REMUNERATION PAID  
TO BENEFICIARIES , ETC.—Remuneration shall not fail to be applicable employee remunera-tion merely because it is includible in the in-come of, or paid to, a person other than the covered employee, including after the death of the covered employee.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR BINDING CONTRACTS .— The amendments made by this section shall not apply to remuneration which is pursuant to a written binding contract which was in effect on November 2, 2017, and which was not modified in any material respect on or after such date. 
SEC. 13602. EXCISE TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANIZATION EXECUTIVE COM-PENSATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4960. TAX ON EXCESS TAX-EXEMPT ORGANI-ZATION EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby im-posed a tax equal to 20 percent of the sum of— ‘‘(1) so much of the remuneration paid (other than any excess parachute payment) by an applicable tax-exempt organization for the taxable year with respect to employment of any covered employee in excess of $1,000,000, plus ‘‘(2) any excess parachute payment paid by such an organization to any covered em-ployee. For purposes of the preceding sentence, re-muneration shall be treated as paid when there is no substantial risk of forfeiture of the rights to such remuneration. ‘‘(b) L
IABILITY FOR TAX.—The employer shall be liable for the tax imposed under sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE TAX -EXEMPT ORGANIZA -
TION.—The term ‘applicable tax-exempt orga-nization’ means any organization which for the taxable year— ‘‘(A) is exempt from taxation under section 501(a), ‘‘(B) is a farmers’ cooperative organization described in section 521(b)(1), ‘‘(C) has income excluded from taxation under section 115(1), or ‘‘(D) is a political organization described in section 527(e)(1). ‘‘(2) COVERED EMPLOYEE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘covered employee’ means any employee (including any former employee) of an applicable tax-exempt orga-nization if the employee— ‘‘(A) is one of the 5 highest compensated employees of the organization for the tax-able year, or ‘‘(B) was a covered employee of the organi-zation (or any predecessor) for any preceding taxable year beginning after December 31, 2016. ‘‘(3) R
EMUNERATION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘remuneration’ means wages (as defined in section 3401(a)), except that such term shall not include any des-ignated Roth contribution (as defined in sec-tion 402A(c)) and shall include amounts re-quired to be included in gross income under section 457(f). ‘‘(4) R
EMUNERATION FROM RELATED ORGANI -
ZATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Remuneration of a cov-ered employee by an applicable tax-exempt organization shall include any remuneration paid with respect to employment of such em-ployee by any related person or govern-mental entity. ‘‘(B) R
ELATED ORGANIZATIONS .—A person or governmental entity shall be treated as re-lated to an applicable tax-exempt organiza-tion if such person or governmental entity— ‘‘(i) controls, or is controlled by, the orga-nization, ‘‘(ii) is controlled by one or more persons which control the organization, ‘‘(iii) is a supported organization (as de-fined in section 509(f)(3)) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, ‘‘(iv) is a supporting organization described in section 509(a)(3) during the taxable year with respect to the organization, or ‘‘(v) in the case of an organization which is a voluntary employees’ beneficiary associa-tion described in section 501(c)(9), estab-lishes, maintains, or makes contributions to such voluntary employees’ beneficiary asso-ciation. ‘‘(C) L
IABILITY FOR TAX .—In any case in which remuneration from more than one em-ployer is taken into account under this para-graph in determining the tax imposed by subsection (a), each such employer shall be liable for such tax in an amount which bears the same ratio to the total tax determined under subsection (a) with respect to such re-muneration as— ‘‘(i) the amount of remuneration paid by such employer with respect to such em-ployee, bears to ‘‘(ii) the amount of remuneration paid by all such employers to such employee. ‘‘(5) E
XCESS PARACHUTE PAYMENT .—For pur- poses of determining the tax imposed by sub-section (a)(2)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘excess para-chute payment’ means an amount equal to the excess of any parachute payment over the portion of the base amount allocated to such payment. ‘‘(B) P
ARACHUTE PAYMENT .—The term ‘parachute payment’ means any payment in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) a covered employee if— ‘‘(i) such payment is contingent on such employee’s separation from employment with the employer, and ‘‘(ii) the aggregate present value of the payments in the nature of compensation to (or for the benefit of) such individual which are contingent on such separation equals or exceeds an amount equal to 3 times the base amount. Such term does not include any payment de-scribed in section 280G(b)(6) (relating to ex-emption for payments under qualified plans) or any payment made under or to an annuity 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7784 December 1, 2017 
contract described in section 403(b) or a plan described in section 457(b). ‘‘(C) B
ASE AMOUNT .—Rules similar to the rules of 280G(b)(3) shall apply for purposes of determining the base amount. ‘‘(D) P
ROPERTY TRANSFERS ; PRESENT  
VALUE .—Rules similar to the rules of para-graphs (3) and (4) of section 280G(d) shall apply. ‘‘(6) C
OORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION LIMITA -
TION.—Remuneration the deduction for which is not allowed by reason of section 162(m) shall not be taken into account for purposes of this section. ‘‘(d) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary to prevent avoidance of the tax under this section, including regulations pre-venting employees from being misclassified as contractors or from being compensated through a pass-through or other entity to avoid such tax.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter D of chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4960. Tax on excess tax-exempt organi-zation executive compensa-tion.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13603. TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 83 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED EQUITY GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-title— ‘‘(A) T
IMING OF INCLUSION .—If qualified stock is transferred to a qualified employee who makes an election with respect to such stock under this subsection, subsection (a) shall be applied by including the amount de-termined under such subsection with respect to such stock in income of the employee in the taxable year determined under subpara-graph (B) in lieu of the taxable year de-scribed in subsection (a). ‘‘(B) T
AXABLE YEAR DETERMINED .—The tax- able year determined under this subpara-graph is the taxable year of the employee which includes the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the first date such qualified stock be-comes transferable (including, solely for pur-poses of this clause, becoming transferable to the employer), ‘‘(ii) the date the employee first becomes an excluded employee, ‘‘(iii) the first date on which any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock becomes readily tradable on an estab-lished securities market (as determined by the Secretary, but not including any market unless such market is recognized as an estab-lished securities market by the Secretary for purposes of a provision of this title other than this subsection), ‘‘(iv) the date that is 5 years after the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a sub-stantial risk of forfeiture, whichever occurs earlier, or ‘‘(v) the date on which the employee re-vokes (at such time and in such manner as the Secretary provides) the election under this subsection with respect to such stock. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED STOCK .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘qualified stock’ means, with respect to any qualified employee, any stock in a corporation which is the employer of such employee, if— ‘‘(i) such stock is received— ‘‘(I) in connection with the exercise of an option, or ‘‘(II) in settlement of a restricted stock unit, and ‘‘(ii) such option or restricted stock unit was granted by the corporation— ‘‘(I) in connection with the performance of services as an employee, and ‘‘(II) during a calendar year in which such corporation was an eligible corporation. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—The term ‘qualified stock’ shall not include any stock if the em-ployee may sell such stock to, or otherwise receive cash in lieu of stock from, the cor-poration at the time that the rights of the employee in such stock first become trans-ferable or not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBLE CORPORATION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii)(II)— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘eligible cor-poration’ means, with respect to any cal-endar year, any corporation if— ‘‘(I) no stock of such corporation (or any predecessor of such corporation) is readily tradable on an established securities market (as determined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) during any preceding calendar year, and ‘‘(II) such corporation has a written plan under which, in such calendar year, not less than 80 percent of all employees who provide services to such corporation in the United States (or any possession of the United States) are granted stock options, or re-stricted stock units, with the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock. ‘‘(ii) S
AME RIGHTS AND PRIVILEGES .—For purposes of clause (i)(II)— ‘‘(I) except as provided in subclauses (II) and (III), the determination of rights and privileges with respect to stock shall be made in a similar manner as under section 423(b)(5), ‘‘(II) employees shall not fail to be treated as having the same rights and privileges to receive qualified stock solely because the number of shares available to all employees is not equal in amount, so long as the num-ber of shares available to each employee is more than a de minimis amount, and ‘‘(III) rights and privileges with respect to the exercise of an option shall not be treated as the same as rights and privileges with re-spect to the settlement of a restricted stock unit. ‘‘(iii) E
MPLOYEE .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), the term ‘employee’ shall not include any employee described in section 4980E(d)(4) or any excluded employee. ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR CALENDAR YEARS  
BEFORE 2018 .—In the case of any calendar year beginning before January 1, 2018, clause (i)(II) shall be applied without regard to whether the rights and privileges with re-spect to the qualified stock are the same. ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED EMPLOYEE ; EXCLUDED EM -
PLOYEE .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified em-ployee’ means any individual who— ‘‘(i) is not an excluded employee, and ‘‘(ii) agrees in the election made under this subsection to meet such requirements as are determined by the Secretary to be necessary to ensure that the withholding requirements of the corporation under chapter 24 with re-spect to the qualified stock are met. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘ex-cluded employee’ means, with respect to any corporation, any individual— ‘‘(i) who was a 1-percent owner (within the meaning of section 416(i)(1)(B)(ii)) at any time during the 10 preceding calendar years, ‘‘(ii) who is or has been at any prior time— ‘‘(I) the chief executive officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, or ‘‘(II) the chief financial officer of such cor-poration or an individual acting in such a ca-pacity, ‘‘(iii) who bears a relationship described in section 318(a)(1) to any individual described in subclause (I) or (II) of clause (ii), or ‘‘(iv) who was for any of the 10 preceding taxable years one of the 4 highest com-pensated officers of such corporation, deter-mined with respect to each such taxable year on the basis of the shareholder disclosure rules for compensation under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as if such rules applied to such corporation). ‘‘(4) ELECTION .— ‘‘(A) T
IME FOR MAKING ELECTION .—An elec- tion with respect to qualified stock shall be made under this subsection no later than 30 days after the first date the rights of the em-ployee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of for-feiture, whichever occurs earlier, and shall be made in a manner similar to the manner in which an election is made under sub-section (b). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS .—No election may be made under this section with respect to any qualified stock if— ‘‘(i) the qualified employee has made an election under subsection (b) with respect to such qualified stock, ‘‘(ii) any stock of the corporation which issued the qualified stock is readily tradable on an established securities market (as de-termined under paragraph (1)(B)(iii)) at any time before the election is made, or ‘‘(iii) such corporation purchased any of its outstanding stock in the calendar year pre-ceding the calendar year which includes the first date the rights of the employee in such stock are transferable or are not subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture, unless— ‘‘(I) not less than 25 percent of the total dollar amount of the stock so purchased is deferral stock, and ‘‘(II) the determination of which individ-uals from whom deferral stock is purchased is made on a reasonable basis. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS AND SPECIAL RULES RE -
LATED TO LIMITATION ON STOCK REDEMP -
TIONS .— ‘‘(i) D
EFERRAL STOCK .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘deferral stock’ means stock with respect to which an election is in effect under this subsection. ‘‘(ii) D
EFERRAL STOCK WITH RESPECT TO ANY  
INDIVIDUAL NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IF INDI -
VIDUAL HOLDS DEFERRAL STOCK WITH LONGER  
DEFERRAL PERIOD .—Stock purchased by a corporation from any individual shall not be treated as deferral stock for purposes of sub-paragraph (B)(iii) if such individual (imme-diately after such purchase) holds any defer-ral stock with respect to which an election has been in effect under this subsection for a longer period than the election with respect to the stock so purchased. ‘‘(iii) P
URCHASE OF ALL OUTSTANDING DE -
FERRAL STOCK .—The requirements of sub-clauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (B)(iii) shall be treated as met if the stock so pur-chased includes all of the corporation’s out-standing deferral stock. ‘‘(iv) R
EPORTING .—Any corporation which has outstanding deferral stock as of the be-ginning of any calendar year and which pur-chases any of its outstanding stock during such calendar year shall include on its re-turn of tax for the taxable year in which, or with which, such calendar year ends the total dollar amount of its outstanding stock so purchased during such calendar year and such other information as the Secretary re-quires for purposes of administering this paragraph. ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .—For purposes of this subsection, all persons treated as a sin-gle employer under section 414(b) shall be treated as 1 corporation. ‘‘(6) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .—Any corpora-tion which transfers qualified stock to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7785 December 1, 2017 
qualified employee shall, at the time that (or a reasonable period before) an amount at-tributable to such stock would (but for this subsection) first be includible in the gross in-come of such employee— ‘‘(A) certify to such employee that such stock is qualified stock, and ‘‘(B) notify such employee— ‘‘(i) that the employee may be eligible to elect to defer income on such stock under this subsection, and ‘‘(ii) that, if the employee makes such an election— ‘‘(I) the amount of income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be based on the value of the stock at the time at which the rights of the employee in such stock first become transferable or not sub-ject to substantial risk of forfeiture, not-withstanding whether the value of the stock has declined during the deferral period, ‘‘(II) the amount of such income recognized at the end of the deferral period will be sub-ject to withholding under section 3401(i) at the rate determined under section 3402(t), and ‘‘(III) the responsibilities of the employee (as determined by the Secretary under para-graph (3)(A)(ii)) with respect to such with-holding. ‘‘(7) R
ESTRICTED STOCK UNITS .—This section (other than this subsection), including any election under subsection (b), shall not apply to restricted stock units.’’. (b) W
ITHHOLDING .— (1) T
IME OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3401 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED STOCK FOR WHICH AN ELEC-
TION ISI N EFFECT UNDER SECTION 83(i).—For purposes of subsection (a), qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i) shall be treated as wages— ‘‘(1) received on the earliest date described in section 83(i)(1)(B), and ‘‘(2) in an amount equal to the amount in-cluded in income under section 83 for the taxable year which includes such date.’’. (2) A
MOUNT OF WITHHOLDING .—Section 3402 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(t) R
ATE OF WITHHOLDING FOR CERTAIN  S
TOCK .—In the case of any qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i)— ‘‘(1) the rate of tax under subsection (a) shall not be less than the maximum rate of tax in effect under section 1, and ‘‘(2) such stock shall be treated for pur-poses of section 3501(b) in the same manner as a non-cash fringe benefit.’’. (c) C
OORDINATION WITHOTHER DEFERRED  C
OMPENSATION RULES .— (1) E
LECTION TO APPLY DEFERRAL TO STATU -
TORY OPTIONS .— (A) I
NCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS .—Section 422(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such term shall not include any option if an election is made under section 83(i) with respect to the stock received in connection with the exercise of such op-tion.’’. (B) E
MPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLANS .— Section 423 is amended— (i) by adding at the end of subsection (a) the following flush sentence: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to any share of stock with respect to which an election is made under section 83(i).’’, and (ii) in subsection (b)(5), by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘the plan’’ and by inserting ‘‘, and the rules of section 83(i) shall apply in deter-mining which employees have a right to make an election under such section’’ before the semicolon at the end. (2) EXCLUSION FROM DEFINITION OF NON -
QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN .— Subsection (d) of section 409A is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF QUALIFIED STOCK .—An arrangement under which an employee may receive qualified stock (as defined in section 83(i)(2)) shall not be treated as a nonqualified deferred compensation plan solely because of an employee’s election, or ability to make an election, to defer recognition of income under section 83(i).’’. (d) I
NFORMATION REPORTING .—Section 6051(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (14)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end of paragraph (15) and insert-ing a comma, and by inserting after para-graph (15) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(16) the amount includible in gross in-come under subparagraph (A) of section 83(i)(1) with respect to an event described in subparagraph (B) of such section which oc-curs in such calendar year, and ‘‘(17) the aggregate amount of income which is being deferred pursuant to elections under section 83(i), determined as of the close of the calendar year.’’. (e) P
ENALTY FOR FAILURE OF EMPLOYER TO P
ROVIDE NOTICE OF TAXCONSEQUENCES .—Sec- tion 6652 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(p) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE NOTICE UNDER  S
ECTION 83(i).—In the case of each failure to provide a notice as required by section 83(i)(6), at the time prescribed therefor, un-less it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause and not to willful neglect, there shall be paid, on notice and demand of the Secretary and in the same manner as tax, by the person failing to provide such no-tice, an amount equal to $100 for each such failure, but the total amount imposed on such person for all such failures during any calendar year shall not exceed $50,000.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to stock attributable to options exercised, or restricted stock units settled, after December 31, 2017. (2) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE NOTICE .—The amendments made by subsection (e) shall apply to failures after December 31, 2017. (g) T
RANSITION RULE.—Until such time as the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) issues regulations or other guidance for pur-poses of implementing the requirements of paragraph (2)(C)(i)(II) of section 83(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), or the requirements of para-graph (6) of such section, a corporation shall be treated as being in compliance with such requirements (respectively) if such corpora-tion complies with a reasonable good faith interpretation of such requirements. 
SEC. 13604. INCREASE IN EXCISE TAX RATE FOR STOCK COMPENSATION OF INSID-ERS IN EXPATRIATED CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4985(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘section 1(h)(1)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1(h)(1)(D)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to corpora-tions first becoming expatriated corpora-tions (as defined in section 4985 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986) after the date of enactment of this Act. Subpart B—Retirement Plans 
SEC. 13611. REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE PERMIT-TING RECHARACTERIZATION OF ROTH IRA CONTRIBUTIONS AS TRA-DITIONAL IRA CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 408A(d) is amend-ed by striking paragraph (6) and by redesig-nating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13612. MODIFICATION OF RULES APPLICA-BLE TO LENGTH OF SERVICE AWARD PLANS. 
(a) M AXIMUM DEFERRAL AMOUNT .—Clause (ii) of section 457(e)(11)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000’’. (b) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Subpara- graph (B) of section 457(e)(11) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
OST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017, the Secretary shall adjust the $6,000 amount under clause (ii) at the same time and in the same manner as under sec-tion 415(d), except that the base period shall be the calendar quarter beginning July 1, 2016, and any increase under this paragraph that is not a multiple of $500 shall be round-ed to the next lowest multiple of $500.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF LIMITATION ON ACCRU -
ALS.—Subparagraph (B) of section 457(e)(11), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) S
PECIAL RULE FOR APPLICATION OF LIM -
ITATION ON ACCRUALS FOR CERTAIN PLANS .—In the case of a plan described in subparagraph (A)(ii) which is a defined benefit plan (as de-fined in section 414(j)), the limitation under clause (ii) shall apply to the actuarial present value of the aggregate amount of length of service awards accruing with re-spect to any year of service. Such actuarial present value with respect to any year shall be calculated using reasonable actuarial as-sumptions and methods, assuming payment will be made under the most valuable form of payment under the plan with payment com-mencing at the later of the earliest age at which unreduced benefits are payable under the plan or the participant’s age at the time of the calculation.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13613. EXTENDED ROLLOVER PERIOD FOR PLAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 402(c) is amended by redesignating subpara-graph (B) as subparagraph (C) and by insert-ing after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) R
OLLOVER OF CERTAIN PLAN LOAN OFF -
SET AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an eligible rollover distribution of a qualified plan loan offset amount, the requirements of subpara-graph (A) shall be treated as met if such transfer occurs on or before the due date (in-cluding extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year in which such amount is treated as distributed from a qualified employer plan. ‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFIED PLAN LOAN OFFSET  
AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified plan loan offset amount’ means a plan loan offset amount which is treated as distributed from a qualified em-ployer plan to a participant or beneficiary solely by reason of— ‘‘(I) the termination of the qualified em-ployer plan, or ‘‘(II) the failure to meet the repayment terms of the loan from such plan because of the severance from employment of the par-ticipant. ‘‘(iii) P
LAN LOAN OFFSET AMOUNT .—For pur- poses of clause (ii), the term ‘plan loan offset amount’ means the amount by which the participant’s accrued benefit under the plan is reduced in order to repay a loan from the plan. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION .—This subparagraph shall not apply to any plan loan offset amount un-less such plan loan offset amount relates to a loan to which section 72(p)(1) does not apply by reason of section 72(p)(2). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7786 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(v) Q UALIFIED EMPLOYER PLAN .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘qualified employer plan’ has the meaning given such term by section 72(p)(4).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara- graph (A) of section 402(c)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan loan offset amounts which are treated as distrib-uted in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. PART VIII—EXEMPT ORGANIZATIONS 
SEC. 13701. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-chapter: ‘‘Subchapter H—Excise Tax Based on Invest-ment Income of Private Colleges and Uni-versities ‘‘Sec. 4968. Excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities. 
‘‘SEC. 4968. EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
‘‘(a) T AXIMPOSED .—There is hereby im-posed on each applicable educational institu-tion for the taxable year a tax equal to 1.4 percent of the net investment income of such institution for the taxable year. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABLE EDUCATIONAL INSTITU -
TION.—For purposes of this subchapter— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable educational institution’ means an eligible educational institution (as defined in section 25A(f)(2))— ‘‘(A) which had at least 500 tuition-paying students during the preceding taxable year, ‘‘(B) which participated in and received funds through a program described in section 25A(f)(2)(B) during the preceding taxable year, ‘‘(C) which is not described in the first sen-tence of section 511(a)(2)(B) (relating to State colleges and universities), and ‘‘(D) the aggregate fair market value of the assets of which at the end of the preceding taxable year (other than those assets which are used directly in carrying out the institu-tion’s exempt purpose) is at least $500,000 per student of the institution. ‘‘(2) S
TUDENTS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the number of students of an institution shall be based on the daily average number of full-time students attending such institu-tion (with part-time students taken into ac-count on a full-time student equivalent basis). ‘‘(c) N
ETINVESTMENT INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section, net investment income shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 4940(c). ‘‘(d) A
SSETS AND NETINVESTMENT INCOME  
OFRELATED ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (b)(1)(C) and (c), assets and net in-vestment income of any related organization with respect to an educational institution shall be treated as assets and net investment income, respectively, of the educational in-stitution, except that— ‘‘(A) no such amount shall be taken into account with respect to more than 1 edu-cational institution, and ‘‘(B) unless such organization is controlled by such institution or is described in section 509(a)(3) with respect to such institution for the taxable year, assets and net investment income which are not intended or available for the use or benefit of the educational in-stitution shall not be taken into account. ‘‘(2) R
ELATED ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘related organi-zation’ means, with respect to an edu-cational institution, any organization which— ‘‘(A) controls, or is controlled by, such in-stitution, ‘‘(B) is controlled by 1 or more persons which also control such institution, or ‘‘(C) is a supported organization (as defined in section 509(f)(3)), or an organization de-scribed in section 509(a)(3), during the tax-able year with respect to such institution.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 42 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER H —EXCISE TAX BASED ON IN -
VESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND  
UNIVERSITIES ’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13702. UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE IN-COME SEPARATELY COMPUTED FOR EACH TRADE OR BUSINESS ACTIV-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 512 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ORGANIZATION WITH  
MORE THAN 1 UNRELATED TRADE OR BUSI -
NESS.—In the case of any organization with more than 1 unrelated trade or business— ‘‘(A) unrelated business taxable income, in-cluding for purposes of determining any net operating loss deduction, shall be computed separately with respect to each such trade or business and without regard to subsection (b)(12), ‘‘(B) the unrelated business taxable income of such organization shall be the sum of the unrelated business taxable income so com-puted with respect to each such trade or business, less a specific deduction under sub-section (b)(12), and ‘‘(C) for purposes of subparagraph (B), un-related business taxable income with respect to any such trade or business shall not be less than zero.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except to the extent pro-vided in paragraph (2), the amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) C
ARRYOVERS OF NET OPERATING  
LOSSES .—If any net operating loss arising in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, is carried over to a taxable year begin-ning on or after such date— (A) subparagraph (A) of section 512(a)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this Act, shall not apply to such net oper-ating loss, and (B) the unrelated business taxable income of the organization, after the application of subparagraph (B) of such section, shall be re-duced by the amount of such net operating loss. 
SEC. 13703. REPEAL OF DEDUCTION FOR AMOUNTS PAID IN EXCHANGE FOR COLLEGE ATHLETIC EVENT SEAT-ING RIGHTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(l) is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this section for any amount de-scribed in paragraph (2).’’, and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘such amount would be allowable as a deduction under this section but for the fact that’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13704. REPEAL OF SUBSTANTIATION EXCEP-TION IN CASE OF CONTRIBUTIONS REPORTED BY DONEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 170(f)(8) is amend-ed by striking subparagraph (D) and by re-designating subparagraph (E) as subpara-graph (D). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contribu-tions made in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. PART IX—OTHER PROVISIONS Subpart A—Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform 
SEC. 13801. PRODUCTION PERIOD FOR BEER, WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 263A(f) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5), and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) E
XEMPTION FOR AGING PROCESS OF  
BEER , WINE, AND DISTILLED SPIRITS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the production period shall not in-clude the aging period for— ‘‘(i) beer (as defined in section 5052(a)), ‘‘(ii) wine (as described in section 5041(a)), or ‘‘(iii) distilled spirits (as defined in section 5002(a)(8)), except such spirits that are unfit for use for beverage purposes. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION .—This paragraph shall not apply to interest costs paid or accrued after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (5)(B)(ii) of section 263A(f), as redesignated by this section, is amended by inserting ‘‘ex-cept as provided in paragraph (4),’’ before ‘‘ending on the date’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest costs paid or accrued in calendar years be-ginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13802. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON BEER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 5051(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) I
MPOSITION OF TAX .—A tax is hereby imposed on all beer brewed or produced, and removed for consumption or sale, within the United States, or imported into the United States. Except as provided in paragraph (2), the rate of such tax shall be the amount de-termined under this paragraph. ‘‘(B) R
ATE.—Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), the rate of tax shall be $18 for per barrel. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULE .—In the case of beer re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, the rate of tax shall be— ‘‘(i) $16 on the first 6,000,000 barrels of beer— ‘‘(I) brewed by the brewer and removed during the calendar year for consumption or sale, or ‘‘(II) imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year, and ‘‘(ii) $18 on any barrels of beer to which clause (i) does not apply. ‘‘(D) B
ARREL .—For purposes of this section, a barrel shall contain not more than 31 gal-lons of beer, and any tax imposed under this section shall be applied at a like rate for any other quantity or for fractional parts of a barrel.’’. (b) R
EDUCED RATE FOR CERTAIN DOMESTIC  P
RODUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) of section 5051(a)(2) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
$7 A BAR -
REL’’, and (2) by inserting ‘‘($3.50 in the case of beer removed after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020)’’ after ‘‘$7’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED TAXRATE FOR  F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— Subsection (a) of section 5051 is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(i)(II) of paragraph (1), as amended by subsection (a), by insert-ing ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7787 December 1, 2017 
importer under paragraph (4) and the barrels have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘during the cal-endar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) R
EDUCED TAX RATE FOR FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any bar-rels of beer which have been brewed or pro-duced outside of the United States and im-ported into the United States, the rate of tax applicable under clause (i) of paragraph (1)(C) (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘reduced tax rate’) may be assigned by the brewer (provided that the brewer makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii)) to any electing importer of such barrels pursu-ant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and proce-dures as are determined appropriate, estab-lish procedures for assignment of the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of barrels of beer for which the reduced tax rate has been assigned by a brewer— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the number of barrels of beer brewed or produced by such brewer during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 6,000,000 barrels to which the reduced tax rate applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a brewer to assign and an importer to receive the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the brewer provide any information as the Secretary determines necessary and appropriate for purposes of carrying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the brewer and the importer for the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such reduced rate. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an elec-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the brewer, as described under para-graph (5).’’. (d) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX-
PAYER RULES .—Subsection (a) of section 5051, as amended by this section, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B), and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX -
PAYER RULES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), in the case of a controlled group, the 6,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) and the 2,000,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied to the controlled group, and the 6,000,000 barrel quantity specified in para-graph (1)(C)(i) and the 60,000 barrel quantity specified in paragraph (2)(A) shall be appor-tioned among the brewers who are members of such group in such manner as the Sec-retary or their delegate shall by regulations prescribe. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the term ‘controlled group’ has the meaning assigned to it by subsection (a) of section 1563, except that for such purposes the phrase ‘more than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for the phrase ‘at least 80 per-cent’ in each place it appears in such sub-section. Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to the prin-ciples of the preceding two sentences shall be applied to a group of brewers under common control where one or more of the brewers is not a corporation. ‘‘(B) FOREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORT -
ERS.—For purposes of paragraph (4), in the case of a controlled group, the 6,000,000 bar-rel quantity specified in paragraph (1)(C)(i) shall be applied to the controlled group and apportioned among the members of such group in such manner as the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the term ‘controlled group’ has the meaning given such term under subparagraph (A). Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles simi-lar to the principles of the preceding two sentences shall be applied to a group of brew-ers under common control where one or more of the brewers is not a corporation. ‘‘(C) S
INGLE TAXPAYER .—Pursuant to rules issued by the Secretary, two or more entities (whether or not under common control) that produce beer marketed under a similar brand, license, franchise, or other arrange-ment shall be treated as a single taxpayer for purposes of the application of this sub-section.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to beer re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13803. TRANSFER OF BEER BETWEEN BOND-ED FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5414 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Beer may be removed’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Beer may be re-moved’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) T
RANSFER OF BEER BETWEEN BONDED  F
ACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Beer may be removed from one bonded brewery to another bonded brewery, without payment of tax, and may be mingled with beer at the receiving brew-ery, subject to such conditions, including payment of the tax, and in such containers, as the Secretary by regulations shall pre-scribe, which shall include— ‘‘(A) any removal from one brewery to an-other brewery belonging to the same brewer, ‘‘(B) any removal from a brewery owned by one corporation to a brewery owned by an-other corporation when— ‘‘(i) one such corporation owns the control-ling interest in the other such corporation, or ‘‘(ii) the controlling interest in each such corporation is owned by the same person or persons, and ‘‘(C) any removal from one brewery to an-other brewery when— ‘‘(i) the proprietors of transferring and re-ceiving premises are independent of each other and neither has a proprietary interest, directly or indirectly, in the business of the other, and ‘‘(ii) the transferor has divested itself of all interest in the beer so transferred and the transferee has accepted responsibility for payment of the tax. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF LIABILITY FOR TAX .—For purposes of paragraph (1)(C), such relief from liability shall be effective from the time of removal from the transferor’s bonded prem-ises, or from the time of divestment of inter-est, whichever is later. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to any calendar quarter beginning after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) R
EMOVAL FROMBREWERY BY PIPELINE .— Section 5412 is amended by inserting ‘‘pursu-ant to section 5414 or’’ before ‘‘by pipeline’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any cal-endar quarters beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13804. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN WINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5041(c) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) S
PECIAL RULE FOR 2018 AND 2019 .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of wine re-moved after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020, paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply and there shall be allowed as a credit against any tax imposed by this title (other than chapters 2, 21, and 22) an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) $1 per wine gallon on the first 30,000 wine gallons of wine, plus ‘‘(ii) 90 cents per wine gallon on the first 100,000 wine gallons of wine to which clause (i) does not apply, plus ‘‘(iii) 53.5 cents per wine gallon on the first 620,000 wine gallons of wine to which clauses (i) and (ii) do not apply, which are produced by the producer and re-moved during the calendar year for consump-tion or sale, or which are imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT OF CREDIT FOR HARD  
CIDER .—In the case of wine described in sub-section (b)(6), subparagraph (A) of this para-graph shall be applied— ‘‘(i) in clause (i) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘6.2 cents’ for ‘$1’, ‘‘(ii) in clause (ii) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘5.6 cents’ for ‘90 cents’, and ‘‘(iii) in clause (iii) of such subparagraph, by substituting ‘3.3 cents’ for ‘53.5 cents’.’’, (b) C
ONTROLLED GROUP AND SINGLE TAX-
PAYER RULES .—Paragraph (4) of section 5041(c) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5051(a)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 5051(a)(5)’’. (c) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT FOR FOREIGN  M
ANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .—Sub- section (c) of section 5041, as amended by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under paragraph (9) and the wine gallons of wine have been assigned to the importer pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘into the United States during the cal-endar year’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) A
LLOWANCE OF CREDIT FOR FOREIGN  
MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any wine gallons of wine which have been produced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the credit allowable under paragraph (8) (referred to in this para-graph as the ‘tax credit’) may be assigned by the person who produced such wine (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘foreign pro-ducer’), provided that such person makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii), to any electing importer of such wine gallons pursuant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and proce-dures as are determined appropriate, estab-lish procedures for assignment of the tax credit provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of wine gallons of wine for which the tax credit has been assigned by a foreign pro-ducer— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the number of wine gallons of wine produced by such foreign producer during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such importer, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 750,000 wine gallons of wine to which the tax credit applies, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7788 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a foreign producer to assign and an importer to receive the tax credit provided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the foreign pro-ducer provide any information as the Sec-retary determines necessary and appropriate for purposes of carrying out this paragraph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the foreign producer and the importer for the tax credit provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information provided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such credit. ‘‘(C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of this section, any importer making an elec-tion described in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the foreign producer, as described under paragraph (4).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13805. ADJUSTMENT OF ALCOHOL CONTENT LEVEL FOR APPLICATION OF EXCISE TAX RATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 5041(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(16 percent in the case of wine removed after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2020’’ after ‘‘14 percent’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine re-moved after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13806. DEFINITION OF MEAD AND LOW AL-COHOL BY VOLUME WINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5041 is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Still wines’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (h), still wines’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) M
EAD AND LOWALCOHOL BY VOLUME  W
INE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (a) and (b)(1), mead and low alcohol by volume wine shall be deemed to be still wines containing not more than 16 percent of alcohol by volume. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) M
EAD.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘mead’ means a wine— ‘‘(i) containing not more than 0.64 gram of carbon dioxide per hundred milliliters of wine, except that the Secretary shall by reg-ulations prescribe such tolerances to this limitation as may be reasonably necessary in good commercial practice, ‘‘(ii) which is derived solely from honey and water, ‘‘(iii) which contains no fruit product or fruit flavoring, and ‘‘(iv) which contains less than 8.5 percent alcohol by volume. ‘‘(B) L
OW ALCOHOL BY VOLUME WINE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘low alco-hol by volume wine’ means a wine— ‘‘(i) containing not more than 0.64 gram of carbon dioxide per hundred milliliters of wine, except that the Secretary shall by reg-ulations prescribe such tolerances to this limitation as may be reasonably necessary in good commercial practice, ‘‘(ii) which is derived— ‘‘(I) primarily from grapes, or ‘‘(II) from grape juice concentrate and water, ‘‘(iii) which contains no fruit product or fruit flavoring other than grape, and ‘‘(iv) which contains less than 8.5 percent alcohol by volume. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to wine removed after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to wine re-moved after December 31, 2017. SEC. 13807. REDUCED RATE OF EXCISE TAX ON CERTAIN DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5001 is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d) and by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) R
EDUCED RATE FOR 2018 AND2019.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a distilled spirits operation, the otherwise applicable tax rate under subsection (a)(1) shall be— ‘‘(A) $2.70 per proof gallon on the first 100,000 proof gallons of distilled spirits, and ‘‘(B) $13.34 per proof gallon on the first 22,130,000 of proof gallons of distilled spirits to which subparagraph (A) does not apply, which have been distilled or processed by such operation and removed during the cal-endar year for consumption or sale, or which have been imported by the importer into the United States during the calendar year. ‘‘(2) C
ONTROLLED GROUPS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a con-trolled group, the proof gallon quantities specified under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall be applied to such group and apportioned among the members of such group in such manner as the Secretary or their delegate shall by regulations prescribe. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A), the term ‘controlled group’ shall have the meaning given such term by sub-section (a) of section 1563, except that ‘more than 50 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in such subsection. ‘‘(C) R
ULES FOR NON -CORPORATIONS .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, principles similar to the principles of sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) shall be applied to a group under common control where one or more of the persons is not a corporation. ‘‘(D) S
INGLE TAXPAYER .—Pursuant to rules issued by the Secretary, two or more entities (whether or not under common control) that produce distilled spirits marketed under a similar brand, license, franchise, or other ar-rangement shall be treated as a single tax-payer for purposes of the application of this subsection. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION .—This subsection shall not apply to distilled spirits removed after December 31, 2019.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7652(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 5001(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1) of section 5001, determined as if subsection (c)(1) of such section did not apply’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF REDUCED TAXRATE FOR  F
OREIGN MANUFACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— Subsection (c) of section 5001, as added by subsection (a), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘but only if the importer is an electing importer under paragraph (3) and the proof gallons of dis-tilled spirits have been assigned to the im-porter pursuant to such paragraph’’ after ‘‘into the United States during the calendar year’’, and (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4) and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
EDUCED TAX RATE FOR FOREIGN MANU -
FACTURERS AND IMPORTERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any proof gallons of distilled spirits which have been produced outside of the United States and imported into the United States, the rate of tax applicable under paragraph (1) (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘reduced tax rate’) may be assigned by the distilled sprits operation (provided that such operation makes an election described in subparagraph (B)(ii)) to any electing importer of such proof gallons pursuant to the requirements established by the Secretary under subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(B) A
SSIGNMENT .—The Secretary shall, through such rules, regulations, and proce-dures as are determined appropriate, estab-lish procedures for assignment of the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph, which shall include— ‘‘(i) a limitation to ensure that the number of proof gallons of distilled spirits for which the reduced tax rate has been assigned by a distilled spirits operation— ‘‘(I) to any importer does not exceed the number of proof gallons produced by such op-eration during the calendar year which were imported into the United States by such im-porter, and ‘‘(II) to all importers does not exceed the 22,230,000 proof gallons of distilled spirits to which the reduced tax rate applies, ‘‘(ii) procedures that allow the election of a distilled spirits operation to assign and an importer to receive the reduced tax rate pro-vided under this paragraph, ‘‘(iii) requirements that the distilled spir-its operation provide any information as the Secretary determines necessary and appro-priate for purposes of carrying out this para-graph, and ‘‘(iv) procedures that allow for revocation of eligibility of the distilled spirits operation and the importer for the reduced tax rate provided under this paragraph in the case of any erroneous or fraudulent information pro-vided under clause (iii) which the Secretary deems to be material to qualifying for such reduced rate. ‘‘(C) CONTROLLED GROUP .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, any importer making an election de-scribed in subparagraph (B)(ii) shall be deemed to be a member of the controlled group of the distilled spirits operation, as de-scribed under paragraph (2). ‘‘(ii) A
PPORTIONMENT .—For purposes of this paragraph, in the case of a controlled group, rules similar to section 5051(a)(5)(B) shall apply.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distilled spirits removed after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 13808. BULK DISTILLED SPIRITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5212 is amended by adding at the end the following sentence: ‘‘In the case of distilled spirits transferred in bond after December 31, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2020, this section shall be applied without regard to whether distilled spirits are bulk distilled spirits.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply distilled spirits transferred in bond after December 31, 2017. Subpart B—Miscellaneous Provisions 
SEC. 13821. MODIFICATION OF TAX TREATMENT OF ALASKA NATIVE CORPORATIONS AND SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
(a) E XCLUSION FOR ANCSA P AYMENTS AS-
SIGNED TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT  T
RUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before sec-tion 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139G. ASSIGNMENTS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, gross income shall not include the value of any payments that would other-wise be made, or treated as being made, to such Native Corporation pursuant to, or as required by, any provision of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), including any payment that would oth-erwise be made to a Village Corporation pur-suant to section 7(j) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1606(j)), provided that any such payments— ‘‘(1) are assigned in writing to a Settle-ment Trust, and ‘‘(2) were not received by such Native Cor-poration prior to the assignment described in paragraph (1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7789 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(b) I NCLUSION IN GROSS INCOME .—In the case of a Settlement Trust which has been assigned payments described in subsection (a), gross income shall include such pay-ments when received by such Settlement Trust pursuant to the assignment and shall have the same character as if such payments were received by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(c) A
MOUNT AND SCOPE OF ASSIGNMENT .— The amount and scope of any assignment under subsection (a) shall be described with reasonable particularity and may either be in a percentage of one or more such pay-ments or in a fixed dollar amount. ‘‘(d) D
URATION OF ASSIGNMENT ; R
EVOCABILITY .—Any assignment under sub-section (a) shall specify— ‘‘(1) a duration either in perpetuity or for a period of time, and ‘‘(2) whether such assignment is revocable. ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON DEDUCTION .—Notwith- standing section 247, no deduction shall be allowed to a Native Corporation for purposes of any amounts described in subsection (a). ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settlement Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h).’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139G. Assignments to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. (b) D
EDUCTION OF CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALAS-
KANATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 248 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 247. CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLEMENT TRUSTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of a Native Corporation, there shall be allowed a deduc-tion for any contributions made by such Na-tive Corporation to a Settlement Trust (re-gardless of whether an election under section 646 is in effect for such Settlement Trust) for which the Native Corporation has made an annual election under subsection (e). ‘‘(b) A
MOUNT OF DEDUCTION .—The amount of the deduction under subsection (a) shall be equal to— ‘‘(1) in the case of a cash contribution (re-gardless of the method of payment, including currency, coins, money order, or check), the amount of such contribution, or ‘‘(2) in the case of a contribution not de-scribed in paragraph (1), the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the Native Corporation’s adjusted basis in the property contributed, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property contributed. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION AND CARRYOVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the deduction allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year shall not exceed the taxable income (as determined without re-gard to such deduction) of the Native Cor-poration for the taxable year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of contributions described in subsection (a) for any taxable year exceeds the limitation under paragraph (1), such excess shall be treated as a contribution described in sub-section (a) in each of the 15 succeeding years in order of time. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘Native Corporation’ and ‘Settlement Trust’ have the same meaning given such terms under section 646(h). ‘‘(e) M
ANNER OF MAKING ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Native Corporation may elect to have this section apply for such taxable year on the in-come tax return or an amendment or supple-ment to the return of the Native Corpora-tion, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) REVOCATION .—Any election made by a Native Corporation pursuant to this sub-section may be revoked pursuant to a timely filed amendment or supplement to the in-come tax return of such Native Corporation. ‘‘(f) A
DDITIONAL RULES .— ‘‘(1) E
ARNINGS AND PROFITS .—Notwith- standing section 646(d)(2), in the case of a Native Corporation which claims a deduction under this section for any taxable year, the earnings and profits of such Native Corpora-tion for such taxable year shall be reduced by the amount of such deduction. ‘‘(2) G
AIN OR LOSS .—No gain or loss shall be recognized by the Native Corporation with respect to a contribution of property for which a deduction is allowed under this sec-tion. ‘‘(3) I
NCOME .—Subject to subsection (g), a Settlement Trust shall include in income the amount of any deduction allowed under this section in the taxable year in which the Set-tlement Trust actually receives such con-tribution. ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD .—The holding period under sec-tion 1223 of the Settlement Trust shall in-clude the period the property was held by the Native Corporation. ‘‘(5) B
ASIS.—The basis that a Settlement Trust has for which a deduction is allowed under this section shall be equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(A) the adjusted basis of the Native Cor-poration in such property immediately be-fore such contribution, or ‘‘(B) the fair market value of the property immediately before such contribution. ‘‘(6) P
ROHIBITION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this section with respect to any contributions made to a Settlement Trust which are in violation of subsection (a)(2) or (c)(2) of section 39 of the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1629e). ‘‘(g) E
LECTION BY SETTLEMENT TRUST TO D
EFER INCOME RECOGNITION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a contribu-tion which consists of property other than cash, a Settlement Trust may elect to defer recognition of any income related to such property until the sale or exchange of such property, in whole or in part, by the Settle-ment Trust. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT .—In the case of property described in paragraph (1), any income or gain realized on the sale or exchange of such property shall be treated as— ‘‘(A) for such amount of the income or gain as is equal to or less than the amount of in-come which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, ordinary income, and ‘‘(B) for any amounts of the income or gain which are in excess of the amount of income which would be included in income at the time of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection, having the same character as if this subsection did not apply. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For each taxable year, a Settlement Trust may elect to apply this subsection for any property described in paragraph (1) which was contributed during such year. Any property to which the elec-tion applies shall be identified and described with reasonable particularity on the income tax return or an amendment or supplement to the return of the Settlement Trust, with such election to have effect solely for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) R
EVOCATION .—Any election made by a Settlement Trust pursuant to this sub-section may be revoked pursuant to a timely filed amendment or supplement to the in-come tax return of such Settlement Trust. ‘‘(C) CERTAIN DISPOSITIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any prop-erty for which an election is in effect under this subsection and which is disposed of within the first taxable year subsequent to the taxable year in which such property was contributed to the Settlement Trust— ‘‘(I) this section shall be applied as if the election under this subsection had not been made, ‘‘(II) any income or gain which would have been included in the year of contribution under subsection (f)(3) but for the taxpayer’s election under this subsection shall be in-cluded in income for the taxable year of such contribution, and ‘‘(III) the Settlement Trust shall pay any increase in tax resulting from such inclu-sion, including any applicable interest, and increased by 10 percent of the amount of such increase with interest. ‘‘(ii) A
SSESSMENT .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 6501(a), any amount described in sub-clause (III) of clause (i) may be assessed, or a proceeding in court with respect to such amount may be initiated without assess-ment, within 4 years after the date on which the return making the election under this subsection for such property was filed.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 248 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 247. Contributions to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to taxable years for which the period of limitation on refund or credit under section 6511 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 has not expired. (B) O
NE-YEAR WAIVER OF STATUTE OF LIMI -
TATIONS .—If the period of limitation on a credit or refund resulting from the amend-ments made by paragraph (1) expires before the end of the 1-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, refund or credit of such overpayment (to the extent at-tributable to such amendments) may, never-theless, be made or allowed if claim therefor is filed before the close of such 1-year period. (c) I
NFORMATION REPORTING FOR DEDUCT -
IBLE CONTRIBUTIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SET-
TLEMENT TRUSTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 6039H is amend-ed— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
SPON -
SORING ’’, and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) D
EDUCTIBLE CONTRIBUTIONS BY NATIVE  C
ORPORATIONS TO ALASKA NATIVE SETTLE -
MENT TRUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any Native Corporation (as defined in subsection (m) of section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602(m))) which has made a contribu-tion to a Settlement Trust (as defined in subsection (t) of such section) to which an election under subsection (e) of section 247 applies shall provide such Settlement Trust with a statement regarding such election not later than January 31 of the calendar year subsequent to the calendar year in which the contribution was made. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENT OF STATEMENT .—The state-ment described in paragraph (1) shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) the total amount of contributions to which the election under subsection (e) of section 247 applies, ‘‘(B) for each contribution, whether such contribution was in cash, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7790 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(C) for each contribution which consists of property other than cash, the date that such property was acquired by the Native Corporation and the adjusted basis and fair market value of such property on the date such property was contributed to the Settle-ment Trust, ‘‘(D) the date on which each contribution was made to the Settlement Trust, and ‘‘(E) such information as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary or appropriate for the identification of each contribution and the accurate inclusion of income relating to such contributions by the Settlement Trust.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item re-lating to section 6039H in the table of sec-tions for subpart A of part III of subchapter A of chapter 61 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 6039H. Information With Respect to Alaska Native Settlement Trusts and Native Corpora-tions.’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 13822. AMOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MAN-AGEMENT SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 4261 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
MOUNTS PAID FOR AIRCRAFT MANAGE -
MENT SERVICES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No tax shall be imposed by this section or section 4271 on any amounts paid by an aircraft owner for air-craft management services related to— ‘‘(i) maintenance and support of the air-craft owner’s aircraft, or ‘‘(ii) flights on the aircraft owner’s air-craft. ‘‘(B) A
IRCRAFT MANAGEMENT SERVICES .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘air-craft management services’ includes— ‘‘(i) assisting an aircraft owner with ad-ministrative and support services, such as scheduling, flight planning, and weather forecasting, ‘‘(ii) obtaining insurance, ‘‘(iii) maintenance, storage and fueling of aircraft, ‘‘(iv) hiring, training, and provision of pi-lots and crew, ‘‘(v) establishing and complying with safe-ty standards, and ‘‘(vi) such other services as are necessary to support flights operated by an aircraft owner. ‘‘(C) L
ESSEE TREATED AS AIRCRAFT OWNER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘aircraft owner’ includes a person who leases the aircraft other than under a disqualified lease. ‘‘(ii) D
ISQUALIFIED LEASE .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘disqualified lease’ means a lease from a person providing aircraft man-agement services with respect to such air-craft (or a related person (within the mean-ing of section 465(b)(3)(C)) to the person pro-viding such services), if such lease is for a term of 31 days or less. ‘‘(D) P
RO RATA ALLOCATION .—In the case of amounts paid to any person which (but for this subsection) are subject to the tax im-posed by subsection (a), a portion of which consists of amounts described in subpara-graph (A), this paragraph shall apply on a pro rata basis only to the portion which con-sists of amounts described in such subpara-graph.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 13823. OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter Z—Opportunity Zones ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–1. Designation. ‘‘Sec. 1400Z–2. Special rules for capital gains invested in opportunity zones. ‘‘SEC. 1400Z–1. DESIGNATION. 
‘‘(a) Q UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE DE-
FINED .—For the purposes of this subchapter, the term ‘qualified opportunity zone’ means a population census tract that is a low-in-come community that is designated as a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(b) D
ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a population census tract that is a low-income community is designated as a qualified opportunity zone if— ‘‘(A) not later than the end of the deter-mination period, the governor of the State in which the tract is located— ‘‘(i) nominates the tract for designation as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(ii) notifies the Secretary in writing of such nomination, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary certifies such nomina-tion and designates such tract as a qualified opportunity zone before the end of the con-sideration period. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION OF PERIODS .—A governor may request that the Secretary extend ei-ther the determination or consideration pe-riod, or both (determined without regard to this subparagraph), for an additional 30 days. ‘‘(c) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(1) L
OW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .—The term ‘low-income community’ has the same mean-ing as when used in section 45D(e). ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF PERIODS .— ‘‘(A) C
ONSIDERATION PERIOD .—The term ‘consideration period’ means the 30-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which the Sec-retary receives notice under subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), as extended under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION PERIOD .—The term ‘determination period’ means the 90-day pe-riod beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as extended under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(3) S
TATE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘State’ includes any possession of the United States. ‘‘(d) N
UMBER OF DESIGNATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), the number of population cen-sus tracts in a State that may be designated as qualified opportunity zones under this section may not exceed 25 percent of the number of low-income communities in the State. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—If the number of low-in-come communities in a State is less than 100, then a total of 25 of such tracts may be des-ignated as qualified opportunity zones. ‘‘(e) D
ESIGNATION OF TRACTS CONTIGUOUS  W
ITHLOW-INCOME COMMUNITIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A population census tract that is not a low-income community may be designated as a qualified opportunity zone under this section if— ‘‘(A) the tract is contiguous with the low- income community that is designated as a qualified opportunity zone, and ‘‘(B) the median family income of the tract does not exceed 125 percent of the median family income of the low-income community with which the tract is contiguous. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than 5 percent of the population census tracts designated in a State as a qualified opportunity zone may be designated under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) P
ERIOD FOR WHICH DESIGNATION ISI N E
FFECT .—A designation as a qualified oppor-tunity zone shall remain in effect for the pe-riod beginning on the date of the designation and ending at the close of the 10th calendar year beginning on or after such date of des-ignation. ‘‘SEC. 1400Z–2. SPECIAL RULES FOR CAPITAL GAINS INVESTED IN OPPORTUNITY ZONES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of gain from the sale to, or exchange with, an unrelated person of any property held by the taxpayer, at the election of the taxpayer— ‘‘(1) gross income for the taxable year shall not include so much of such gain as does not exceed the aggregate amount invested by the taxpayer in a qualified opportunity fund dur-ing the 180-day period beginning on the date of such sale or exchange, ‘‘(2) the amount of gain excluded by para-graph (1) shall be included in gross income as provided by subsection (b), and ‘‘(3) subsection (c) shall apply. No election may be made under the pre-ceding sentence with respect to a sale or ex-change if an election previously made with respect to such sale or exchange is in effect. ‘‘(b) D
EFERRAL OF GAININVESTED IN OPPOR -
TUNITY ZONEPROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) Y
EAR OF INCLUSION .—Gain to which subsection (a)(2) applies shall be included in income in the taxable year which includes the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which such investment is sold or exchanged, or ‘‘(B) December 31, 2026. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT INCLUDIBLE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of gain in-cluded in gross income under subsection (a)(1) shall be the excess of— ‘‘(i) the lesser of the amount of gain ex-cluded under paragraph (1) or the fair mar-ket value of the property as determined as of the date described in paragraph (1), over ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer’s basis in the invest-ment. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION OF BASIS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this clause or subsection (c), the taxpayer’s basis in the investment shall be zero. ‘‘(ii) I
NCREASE FOR GAIN RECOGNIZED UNDER  
SUBSECTION (a)(2).—The basis in the invest-ment shall be increased by the amount of gain recognized by reason of subsection (a)(2) with respect to such property. ‘‘(iii) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 5 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held for at least 5 years, the basis of such investment shall be increased by an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(iv) I
NVESTMENTS HELD FOR 7 YEARS .—In the case of any investment held by the tax-payer for at least 7 years, in addition to any adjustment made under clause (iii), the basis of such property shall be increased by an amount equal to 5 percent of the amount of gain deferred by reason of subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR INVESTMENTS HELD 
FOR AT LEAST 10 Y EARS .—In the case of any investment held by the taxpayer for at least 10 years and with respect to which the tax-payer makes an election under this clause, the basis of such property shall be equal to the fair market value of such investment on the date that the investment is sold or ex-changed. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY FUND .—The term ‘qualified opportunity fund’ means any investment vehicle which is organized as a corporation or a partnership for the purpose of investing in qualified opportunity zone property (other than another qualified op-portunity fund) that holds at least 90 percent of its assets in qualified opportunity zone property, determined— ‘‘(A) on the last day of the first 6-month period of the taxable year of the fund, and ‘‘(B) on the last day of the taxable year of the fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7791 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(2) Q UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PROP -
ERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone property’ means property which is— ‘‘(i) qualified opportunity zone stock, ‘‘(ii) qualified opportunity zone partner-ship interest, or ‘‘(iii) qualified opportunity zone business property. ‘‘(B) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE STOCK .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), the term ‘qualified opportunity zone stock’ means any stock in a domestic corporation if— ‘‘(I) such stock is acquired by the taxpayer after December 31, 2017, at its original issue (directly or through an underwriter) from the corporation solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(II) as of the time such stock was issued, such corporation was a qualified opportunity zone business (or, in the case of a new cor-poration, such corporation was being orga-nized for purposes of being a qualified oppor-tunity zone business), and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such stock, such corporation qualified as a qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(ii) R
EDEMPTIONS .—A rule similar to the rule of section 1202(c)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(C) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE PART -
NERSHIP INTEREST .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone partnership interest’ means any capital or profits interest in a domestic partnership if— ‘‘(i) such interest is acquired by the tax-payer after December 31, 2017, from the part-nership solely in exchange for cash, ‘‘(ii) as of the time such interest was ac-quired, such partnership was a qualified op-portunity zone business (or, in the case of a new partnership, such partnership was being organized for purposes of being a qualified opportunity zone business), and ‘‘(iii) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such interest, such partnership qualified as a qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(D) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSINESS  
PROPERTY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone business property’ means tan-gible property used in a trade or business of the taxpayer if— ‘‘(I) such property was acquired by the tax-payer by purchase (as defined in section 179(d)(2)) after December 31, 2017, ‘‘(II) the original use of such property in the qualified opportunity zone commences with the taxpayer or the taxpayer substan-tially improves the property, and ‘‘(III) during substantially all of the tax-payer’s holding period for such property, substantially all of the use of such property was in a qualified opportunity zone. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSTANTIAL IMPROVEMENT .—For pur- poses of subparagraph (A)(ii), property shall be treated as substantially improved by the taxpayer only if, during any 30-month period beginning after the date of acquisition of such property, additions to basis with re-spect to such property in the hands of the taxpayer exceed an amount equal to the ad-justed basis of such property at the begin-ning of such 30-month period in the hands of the taxpayer. ‘‘(iii) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i), the related person rule of section 179(d)(2) shall be applied pursuant to paragraph (8) of this subsection in lieu of the application of such rule in section 179(d)(2)(A). ‘‘(3) Q
UALIFIED OPPORTUNITY ZONE BUSI -
NESS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified op-portunity zone business’ means a trade or business— ‘‘(i) in which substantially all of the tan-gible property owned or leased by the tax-payer is qualified opportunity zone business property, ‘‘(ii) which satisfies the requirements of paragraphs (2), (4), and (8) of section 1397C(b), and ‘‘(iii) which is not described in section 144(c)(6)(B). ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), tangible property that ceases to be a qualified opportunity zone business property shall continue to be treated as a qualified opportunity zone business property for the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 5 years after the date on which such tangible property ceases to be so qualified, or ‘‘(ii) the date on which such tangible prop-erty is no longer held by the qualified oppor-tunity zone business. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE RULES .— ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF INVESTMENTS WITH  
MIXED FUNDS .—In the case of any investment in a qualified opportunity fund only a por-tion of which consists of investments of gain to which an election under subsection (a)(1) is in effect— ‘‘(A) such investment shall be treated as 2 separate investments, consisting of— ‘‘(i) one investment that only includes amounts to which the election under sub-section (a)(1) applies, and ‘‘(ii) a separate investment consisting of other amounts, and ‘‘(B) subsections (a), (b), and (c) shall only apply to the investment described in sub-paragraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PERSONS .—For purposes of this section, persons are related to each other if such persons are described in section 267(b) or 707(b)(1), determined by substituting ‘20 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ each place it oc-curs in such sections. ‘‘(3) D
ECEDENTS .—In the case of a decedent, amounts recognized under this section shall, if not properly includible in the gross income of the decedent, be includible in gross in-come as provided by section 691. ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations as may be nec-essary or appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this section, including— ‘‘(A) rules for the certification of qualified opportunity funds for the purposes of this section, and ‘‘(B) rules to prevent abuse. ‘‘(f) F
AILURE OF QUALIFIED OPPORTUNITY  F
UND TO MAINTAIN INVESTMENT STANDARD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a qualified oppor-tunity fund fails to meet the 90-percent re-quirement of subsection (c)(1), the qualified opportunity fund shall pay a penalty for each month it fails to meet the requirement in an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount equal to 90 percent of its aggregate assets, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of qualified op-portunity zone property held by the fund, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the underpayment rate established under section 6621(a)(2) for such month. ‘‘(2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case that the qualified opportunity fund is a partnership, the penalty imposed by paragraph (1) shall be taken into account proportionately as part of the distributive share of each partner of the partnership. ‘‘(3) R
EASONABLE CAUSE EXCEPTION .—No penalty shall be imposed under this sub-section with respect to any failure if it is shown that such failure is due to reasonable cause.’’. (b) BASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Section 1016(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (36), by striking the period at the end of paragraph (37) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after paragraph (37) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(38) to the extent provided in subsections (b)(2) and (c) of section 1400Z–2.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER Z . OPPORTUNITY ZONES ’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—International Tax Provisions PART I—OUTBOUND TRANSACTIONS Subpart A—Establishment of Participation Exemption System for Taxation of Foreign Income 
SEC. 14101. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-SOURCE PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 245 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 245A. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN SOURCE- PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED BY DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS FROM SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any divi-dend received from a specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation by a domestic cor-poration which is a United States share-holder with respect to such foreign corpora-tion, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the foreign-source portion of such dividend. ‘‘(b) S
PECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN  C
ORPORATION .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified 10- percent owned foreign corporation’ means any foreign corporation with respect to which any domestic corporation is a United States shareholder with respect to such cor-poration. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Such term shall not in-clude any corporation which is a passive for-eign investment company (as defined in sec-tion 1297) with respect to the shareholder and which is not a controlled foreign cor-poration. ‘‘(c) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-source por-tion of any dividend from a specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation is an amount which bears the same ratio to such dividend as— ‘‘(A) the undistributed foreign earnings of the specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration, bears to ‘‘(B) the total undistributed earnings of such foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) U
NDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .—The term ‘undistributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and profits of the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (com-puted in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986)— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration in which the dividend is distributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year. ‘‘(3) U
NDISTRIBUTED FOREIGN EARNINGS .— The term ‘undistributed foreign earnings’ means the portion of the undistributed earn-ings which is attributable to neither— ‘‘(A) income described in subparagraph (A) of section 245(a)(5), nor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7792 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(B) dividends described in subparagraph (B) of such section (determined without re-gard to section 245(a)(12)). ‘‘(d) D
ISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCRED-
IT, ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be al-lowed under section 901 for any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any distribution any portion of which constitutes a dividend for which a de-duction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (deter-mined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR HYBRID DIVI-
DENDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to any dividend received by a United States shareholder from a controlled foreign corporation if the dividend is a hybrid divi-dend. ‘‘(2) H
YBRID DIVIDENDS OF TIERED CORPORA -
TIONS .—If a controlled foreign corporation with respect to which a domestic corporation is a United States shareholder receives a hy-brid dividend from any other controlled for-eign corporation with respect to which such domestic corporation is also a United States shareholder, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— ‘‘(A) the hybrid dividend shall be treated for purposes of section 951(a)(1)(A) as subpart F income of the receiving controlled foreign corporation for the taxable year of the con-trolled foreign corporation in which the divi-dend was received, and ‘‘(B) the United States shareholder shall include in gross income an amount equal to the shareholder’s pro rata share (determined in the same manner as under section 951(a)(2)) of the subpart F income described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT , ETC.— The rules of subsection (d) shall apply to any hybrid dividend received by, or any amount included under paragraph (2) in the gross in-come of, a United States shareholder. ‘‘(4) H
YBRID DIVIDEND .—The term ‘hybrid dividend’ means an amount received from a controlled foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) for which a deduction would be al-lowed under subsection (a) but for this sub-section, and ‘‘(B) for which the controlled foreign cor-poration received a deduction (or other tax benefit) from taxes imposed by any foreign country. ‘‘(f) S
PECIAL RULE FOR PURGING DISTRIBU -
TIONS OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVESTMENT COM-
PANIES .—Any amount which is treated as a dividend under section 1291(d)(2)(B) shall not be treated as a dividend for purposes of this section. ‘‘(g) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regulations for the treatment of United States shareholders owning stock of a speci-fied 10 percent owned foreign corporation through a partnership.’’. (b) A
PPLICATION OF HOLDING PERIOD RE-
QUIREMENT .—Subsection (c) of section 246 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or 245’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) S
PECIAL RULES FOR FOREIGN SOURCE  
PORTION OF DIVIDENDS RECEIVED FROM SPECI -
FIED 10 -PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) 1-
YEAR HOLDING PERIOD REQUIRE -
MENT .—For purposes of section 245A— ‘‘(i) paragraph (1)(A) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) by substituting ‘365 days’ for ‘45 days’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(II) by substituting ‘731-day period’ for ‘91-day period’, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2) shall not apply. ‘‘(B) STATUS MUST BE MAINTAINED DURING  
HOLDING PERIOD .—For purposes of applying paragraph (1) with respect to section 245A, the taxpayer shall be treated as holding the stock referred to in paragraph (1) for any pe-riod only if— ‘‘(i) the specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation referred to in section 245A(a) is a specified 10-percent owned foreign corpora-tion at all times during such period, and ‘‘(ii) the taxpayer is a United States share-holder with respect to such specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation at all times during such period.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION OF RULES GENERALLY AP-
PLICABLE TO DEDUCTIONS FOR DIVIDENDS RE-
CEIVED .— (1) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FROM CERTAIN  
CORPORATIONS .—Paragraph (1) of section 246(a) is amended by striking ‘‘and 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, and 245A’’. (2) A
SSETS GENERATING TAX -EXEMPT POR -
TION OF DIVIDEND NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT IN  
ALLOCATING AND APPORTIONING DEDUCTIBLE  
EXPENSES .—Paragraph (3) of section 864(e) is amended by striking ‘‘or 245(a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, 245(a), or 245A’’. (3) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 1059 .—Sub- paragraph (B) of section 1059(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘or 245’’ and inserting ‘‘245, or 245A’’. (d) C
OORDINATION WITHFOREIGN TAXCRED-
ITLIMITATION .—Subsection (b) of section 904 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF DIVIDENDS FOR WHICH  
DEDUCTION IS ALLOWED UNDER SECTION 245A .— For purposes of subsection (a), in the case of a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to a speci-fied 10-percent owned foreign corporation, such domestic corporation’s taxable income from sources without the United States shall be determined without regard to— ‘‘(A) the foreign-source portion of any divi-dend received from such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any deductions properly allocable to such portion. Any term which is used in section 245A and in this paragraph shall have the same mean-ing for purposes of this paragraph as when used in such section.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Subsection (b) of section 951 is amended by striking ‘‘subpart’’ and inserting ‘‘title’’. (2) Subsection (a) of section 957 is amended by striking ‘‘subpart’’ in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘title’’. (3) The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 245 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 245A. Dividends received by domestic corporations from certain for-eign corporations.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14102. SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO SALES OR TRANSFERS INVOLVING SPECI-FIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS. 
(a) S ALES BY UNITED STATES PERSONS OF  S
TOCK .—Section 1248 is amended by redesig-nating subsection (j) as subsection (k) and by inserting after subsection (i) the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) COORDINATION WITH DIVIDENDS RE-
CEIVED DEDUCTION .—In the case of the sale or exchange by a domestic corporation of stock in a foreign corporation held for 1 year or more, any amount received by the domestic corporation which is treated as a dividend by reason of this section shall be treated as a dividend for purposes of applying section 245A.’’. (b) B
ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DE-
TERMINING LOSS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 961 is amended by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(d) B
ASIS IN SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED  F
OREIGN CORPORATION REDUCED BY NONTAXED  P
ORTION OF DIVIDEND FOR PURPOSES OF DE-
TERMINING LOSS.—If a domestic corporation receives a dividend from a specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A) in any taxable year, solely for purposes of determining loss on any disposi-tion of stock of such foreign corporation in such taxable year or any subsequent taxable year, the basis of such domestic corporation in such stock shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of any deduction allow-able to such domestic corporation under sec-tion 245A with respect to such stock.’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to divi-dends received in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. (c) S
ALE BY A CFC OF A LOWER TIERCFC.— Section 964(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH DIVIDENDS RE -
CEIVED DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year of a controlled foreign corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, any amount is treat-ed as a dividend under paragraph (1) by rea-son of a sale or exchange by the controlled foreign corporation of stock in another for-eign corporation held for 1 year or more, then, notwithstanding any other provision of this title— ‘‘(i) the foreign-source portion of such divi-dend shall be treated for purposes of section 951(a)(1)(A) as subpart F income of the sell-ing controlled foreign corporation for such taxable year, ‘‘(ii) a United States shareholder with re-spect to the selling controlled foreign cor-poration shall include in gross income for the taxable year of the shareholder with or within which such taxable year of the con-trolled foreign corporation ends an amount equal to the shareholder’s pro rata share (de-termined in the same manner as under sec-tion 951(a)(2)) of the amount treated as sub-part F income under clause (i), and ‘‘(iii) the deduction under section 245A(a) shall be allowable to the United States shareholder with respect to the subpart F in-come included in gross income under clause (ii) in the same manner as if such subpart F income were a dividend received by the shareholder from the selling controlled for-eign corporation. ‘‘(B) E
FFECT OF LOSS ON EARNINGS AND  
PROFITS .—For purposes of this title, in the case of a sale or exchange by a controlled foreign corporation of stock in another for-eign corporation in a taxable year of the sell-ing controlled foreign corporation beginning after December 31, 2017, to which this para-graph would apply if gain were recognized, the earnings and profits of the selling con-trolled foreign corporation shall not be re-duced by reason of any loss from such sale or exchange. ‘‘(C) F
OREIGN -SOURCE PORTION .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the foreign-source portion of any amount treated as a dividend 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7793 December 1, 2017 
under paragraph (1) shall be determined in the same manner as under section 245A(c).’’. (d) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES  T
RANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10-PERCENT  O
WNED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part II of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 91. CERTAIN FOREIGN BRANCH LOSSES TRANSFERRED TO SPECIFIED 10- PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN COR-PORATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If a domestic corpora-tion transfers substantially all of the assets of a foreign branch (within the meaning of section 367(a)(3)(C), as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act) to a specified 10-percent owned for-eign corporation (as defined in section 245A) with respect to which it is a United States shareholder after such transfer, such domes-tic corporation shall include in gross income for the taxable year which includes such transfer an amount equal to the transferred loss amount with respect to such transfer. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATION AND CARRYFORWARD BASED  
ONFOREIGN -SOURCE DIVIDENDS RECEIVED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount included in the gross income of the taxpayer under sub-section (a) for any taxable year shall not ex-ceed the amount allowed as a deduction under section 245A for such taxable year (taking into account dividends received from all specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-porations with respect to which the taxpayer is a United States shareholder). ‘‘(2) A
MOUNTS NOT INCLUDED CARRIED FOR -
WARD .—Any amount not included in gross in-come for any taxable year by reason of para-graph (1) shall, subject to the application of paragraph (1) to the succeeding taxable year, be included in gross income for the suc-ceeding taxable year. ‘‘(c) T
RANSFERRED LOSSAMOUNT .—For pur- poses of this section, the term ‘transferred loss amount’ means, with respect to any transfer of substantially all of the assets of a foreign branch, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(1) the sum of losses— ‘‘(A) which were incurred by the foreign branch after December 31, 2017, and before the transfer, and ‘‘(B) with respect to which a deduction was allowed to the taxpayer, over ‘‘(2) the sum of— ‘‘(A) any taxable income of such branch for a taxable year after the taxable year in which the loss was incurred and through the close of the taxable year of the transfer, and ‘‘(B) any amount which is recognized under section 904(f)(3) on account of the transfer. ‘‘(d) R
EDUCTION FOR RECOGNIZED GAINS.— The transferred loss amount shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the amount of gain recognized by the taxpayer on account of the transfer (other than amounts taken into ac-count under subsection (c)(2)(B)). ‘‘(e) S
OURCE OF INCOME .—Amounts included in gross income under this section shall be treated as derived from sources within the United States. ‘‘(f) B
ASIS ADJUSTMENTS .—Consistent with such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary shall prescribe, proper adjust-ments shall be made in the adjusted basis of the taxpayer’s stock in the specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corporation to which the transfer is made, and in the transferee’s ad-justed basis in the property transferred, to reflect amounts included in gross income under this section.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part II of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 91. Certain foreign branch losses transferred to specified 10-per-cent owned foreign corpora-tions.’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to trans-fers after December 31, 2017. (e) R
EPEAL OF ACTIVE TRADE OR BUSINESS  E
XCEPTION UNDER SECTION 367.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 367(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 367(a)(4), as redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (2) and (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (2)’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘P
ARAGRAPHS (2) AND (3) ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘P
ARAGRAPH (2) ’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to trans-fers after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14103. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 965 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 965. TREATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME UPON TRANSITION TO PAR-TICIPATION EXEMPTION SYSTEM OF TAXATION. 
‘‘(a) T REATMENT OF DEFERRED FOREIGN IN-
COME AS SUBPART F INCOME .—In the case of the last taxable year of a deferred income corporation which begins before January 1, 2018, the subpart F income of such foreign corporation (as otherwise determined for such taxable year under section 952) shall be increased by the greater of— ‘‘(1) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of November 9, 2017, or ‘‘(2) the accumulated post-1986 deferred for-eign income of such corporation determined as of December 31, 2017. ‘‘(b) R
EDUCTION IN AMOUNTS INCLUDED IN  G
ROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS OF SPECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS WITHDEFICITS IN EARNINGS AND PROF-
ITS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxpayer which is a United States shareholder with re-spect to at least one deferred foreign income corporation and at least one E&P deficit for-eign corporation, the amount which would (but for this subsection) be taken into ac-count under section 951(a)(1) by reason of subsection (a) as such United States share-holder’s pro rata share of the subpart F in-come of each deferred foreign income cor-poration shall be reduced by the amount of such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign E&P deficit which is allocated under paragraph (2) to such deferred foreign in-come corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF AGGREGATE FOREIGN  
E&P DEFICIT .—The aggregate foreign E&P deficit of any United States shareholder shall be allocated among the deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder in an amount which bears the same proportion to such aggregate as— ‘‘(A) such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumulated post-1986 de-ferred foreign income of each such deferred foreign income corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the accumu-lated post-1986 deferred foreign income of all deferred foreign income corporations of such United States shareholder. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS RELATED TO E&P DEFI -
CITS.—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN E&P DEFICIT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate for-eign E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the lesser of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata shares of the specified E&P deficits of the E&P deficit foreign corporations of such shareholder, or ‘‘(II) the amount determined under para-graph (2)(B). ‘‘(ii) ALLOCATION OF DEFICIT .—If the amount described in clause (i)(II) is less than the amount described in clause (i)(I), then the shareholder shall designate, in such form and manner as the Secretary determines— ‘‘(I) the amount of the specified E&P def-icit which is to be taken into account for each E&P deficit corporation with respect to the taxpayer, and ‘‘(II) in the case of an E&P deficit corpora-tion which has a qualified deficit (as defined in section 952), the portion (if any) of the def-icit taken into account under subclause (I) which is attributable to a qualified deficit, including the qualified activities to which such portion is attributable. ‘‘(B) E&
P DEFICIT FOREIGN CORPORATION .— The term ‘E&P deficit foreign corporation’ means, with respect to any taxpayer, any specified foreign corporation with respect to which such taxpayer is a United States shareholder, if— ‘‘(i) such specified foreign corporation has a deficit in post-1986 earnings and profits, and ‘‘(ii) as of November 9, 2017— ‘‘(I) such corporation was a specified for-eign corporation, and ‘‘(II) such taxpayer was a United States shareholder of such corporation. ‘‘(C) S
PECIFIED E&P DEFICIT .—The term ‘specified E&P deficit’ means, with respect to any E&P deficit foreign corporation, the amount of the deficit referred to in subpara-graph (B). ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF EARNINGS AND PROFITS  
IN FUTURE YEARS .— ‘‘(A) R
EDUCED EARNINGS AND PROFITS  
TREATED AS PREVIOUSLY TAXED INCOME WHEN  
DISTRIBUTED .—For purposes of applying sec-tion 959 in any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, with respect to any United States shareholder of a deferred for-eign income corporation, an amount equal to such shareholder’s reduction under para-graph (1) which is allocated to such deferred foreign income corporation under this sub-section shall be treated as an amount which was included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a). ‘‘(B) E&
P DEFICITS .—For purposes of this title, a United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the earnings and profits of any spec-ified E&P deficit foreign corporation under this subsection shall be increased by the amount of the specified E&P deficit of such corporation taken into account by such shareholder under paragraph (1), and, for purposes of section 952, such increase shall be attributable to the same activity to which the deficit so taken into account was attrib-utable. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION TO INCLUDED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign in-come corporation, there shall be allowed as a deduction for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under sec-tion 951(a)(1) by reason of this section an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 78.6 percent of the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the amount so included as gross in-come, over ‘‘(ii) the amount of such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign cash posi-tion, plus ‘‘(B) 58.6 percent of so much of the amount described in subparagraph (A)(ii) as does not exceed the amount described in subpara-graph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) A
GGREGATE FOREIGN CASH POSITION .— For purposes of this subsection— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7794 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—The term ‘aggregate for-eign cash position’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, the greater of— ‘‘(i) the aggregate of such United States shareholder’s pro rata share of the cash posi-tion of each specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder determined as of the close of the last taxable year of such specified foreign corporation which be-gins before January 1, 2018, or ‘‘(ii) one half of the sum of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate described in clause (i) determined as of the close of the last taxable year of each such specified foreign corpora-tion which ends before November 9, 2017, plus ‘‘(II) the aggregate described in clause (i) determined as of the close of the taxable year of each such specified foreign corpora-tion which precedes the taxable year referred to in subclause (I). ‘‘(B) C
ASH POSITION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the cash position of any specified foreign corporation is the sum of— ‘‘(i) cash and foreign currency held by such foreign corporation, ‘‘(ii) the net accounts receivable of such foreign corporation, plus ‘‘(iii) the fair market value of the fol-lowing assets held by such corporation: ‘‘(I) Personal property which is of a type that is actively traded and for which there is an established financial market (other than stock in the specified foreign corporation). ‘‘(II) Commercial paper, certificates of de-posit, the securities of the Federal govern-ment and of any State or foreign govern-ment. ‘‘(III) Any obligation with a term of less than one year. ‘‘(IV) Any asset which the Secretary iden-tifies as being economically equivalent to any asset described in this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) N
ET ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘net ac-counts receivable’ means, with respect to any specified foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such corporation’s accounts receivable, over ‘‘(ii) such corporation’s accounts payable (determined consistent with the rules of sec-tion 461). ‘‘(D) P
REVENTION OF DOUBLE COUNTING .— Cash positions of a specified foreign corpora-tion described in clause (ii) or (iii)(III) of subparagraph (B) shall not be taken into ac-count by a United States shareholder under subparagraph (A) to the extent that such United States shareholder demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such amount is so taken into account by such United States shareholder with respect to another specified foreign corporation. ‘‘(E) C
ASH POSITIONS OF CERTAIN NON -COR-
PORATE ENTITIES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—An entity shall be treated as a specified foreign corporation of a United States shareholder for purposes of determining such United States shareholder’s aggregate foreign cash position if— ‘‘(i) such entity is a foreign entity which would be a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder if such enti-ty were a corporation, or ‘‘(ii) any interest in such entity is held by a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder (determined after application of clause (i)) and such entity would be a specified foreign corporation of such United States shareholder if such enti-ty were a foreign corporation. ‘‘(F) A
NTI-ABUSE .—If the Secretary deter-mines that a principal purpose of any trans-action was to reduce the aggregate foreign cash position taken into account under this subsection, such transaction shall be dis-regarded for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(d) DEFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION; A CCUMULATED POST-1986 D EFERRED  F
OREIGN INCOME .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) D
EFERRED FOREIGN INCOME CORPORA -
TION.—The term ‘deferred foreign income corporation’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder, any specified for-eign corporation of such United States shareholder which has accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income (as of the close of the taxable year referred to in subsection (a)) greater than zero. ‘‘(2) A
CCUMULATED POST -1986 DEFERRED FOR -
EIGN INCOME .—The term ‘accumulated post- 1986 deferred foreign income’ means the post- 1986 earnings and profits except to the extent such earnings— ‘‘(A) are attributable to income of the specified foreign corporation which is effec-tively connected with the conduct of a trade or business within the United States and subject to tax under this chapter, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration, if distributed, would be excluded from the gross income of a United States shareholder under section 959. To the extent provided in regulations or other guidance prescribed by the Secretary, in the case of any controlled foreign corpora-tion which has shareholders which are not United States shareholders, accumulated post-1986 deferred foreign income shall be ap-propriately reduced by amounts which would be described in subparagraph (B) if such shareholders were United States share-holders. ‘‘(3) P
OST-1986 EARNINGS AND PROFITS .—The term ‘post-1986 earnings and profits’ means the earnings and profits of the foreign cor-poration (computed in accordance with sec-tions 964(a) and 986, and by only taking into account periods when the foreign corpora-tion was a specified foreign corporation) ac-cumulated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986, and determined— ‘‘(A) as of the date of the taxable year re-ferred to in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a), whichever is applicable with respect to such foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during the taxable year ending with or including such date. ‘‘(e) S
PECIFIED FOREIGN CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘specified foreign corporation’ means— ‘‘(A) any controlled foreign corporation, and ‘‘(B) any section 902 corporation (as defined in section 909(d)(5) as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act). ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION TO SECTION 902 CORPORA -
TIONS .—For purposes of sections 951 and 961, a section 902 corporation (as so defined) shall be treated as a controlled foreign corpora-tion solely for purposes of taking into ac-count the subpart F income of such corpora-tion under subsection (a) (and for purposes of applying subsection (e)). ‘‘(3) E
XCLUSION OF PASSIVE FOREIGN INVEST -
MENT COMPANIES .—Such term shall not in-clude any corporation which is a passive for-eign investment company (as defined in sec-tion 1297) with respect to the shareholder and which is not a controlled foreign cor-poration. ‘‘(f) D
ETERMINATIONS OF PRO RATA S
HARE .—For purposes of this section, the de-termination of any United States share-holder’s pro rata share of any amount with respect to any specified foreign corporation shall be determined under rules similar to the rules of section 951(a)(2) by treating such amount in the same manner as subpart F in-come (and by treating such specified foreign corporation as a controlled foreign corpora-tion). ‘‘(g) DISALLOWANCE OF FOREIGN TAXCRED-
IT, ETC.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No credit shall be al-lowed under section 901 for the applicable percentage of any taxes paid or accrued (or treated as paid or accrued) with respect to any amount for which a deduction is allowed under this section. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABLE PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘applicable percentage’ means the amount (expressed as a percentage) equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 0.786 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the excess to which subsection (c)(1)(A) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum of such excess plus the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, plus ‘‘(B) 0.586 multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount to which subsection (c)(1)(B) applies, divided by ‘‘(ii) the sum described in subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(3) D
ENIAL OF DEDUCTION .—No deduction shall be allowed under this chapter for any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1) (deter-mined by treating the taxpayer as having elected the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N). ‘‘(4) C
OORDINATION WITH SECTION 78 .—Sec- tion 78 shall not apply to any tax for which credit is not allowable under section 901 by reason of paragraph (1). ‘‘(h) E
LECTION TO PAYLIABILITY IN IN-
STALLMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a United States shareholder of a deferred foreign in-come corporation, such United States share-holder may elect to pay the net tax liability under this section in 8 installments of the following amounts: ‘‘(A) 8 percent of the net tax liability in the case of each of the first 5 of such install-ments, ‘‘(B) 15 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 6th such installment, ‘‘(C) 20 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 7th such installment, and ‘‘(D) 25 percent of the net tax liability in the case of the 8th such installment. ‘‘(2) D
ATE FOR PAYMENT OF INSTALLMENTS .— If an election is made under paragraph (1), the first installment shall be paid on the due date (determined without regard to any ex-tension of time for filing the return) for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and each succeeding install-ment shall be paid on the due date (as so de-termined) for the return of tax for the tax-able year following the taxable year with re-spect to which the preceding installment was made. ‘‘(3) A
CCELERATION OF PAYMENT .—If there is an addition to tax for failure to timely pay any installment required under this sub-section, a liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the taxpayer (including in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of busi-ness by the taxpayer, or any similar cir-cumstance, then the unpaid portion of all re-maining installments shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the petition is filed). The preceding sentence shall not apply to the sale of substantially all the as-sets of a taxpayer to a buyer if such buyer enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such buyer is liable for the re-maining installments due under this sub-section in the same manner as if such buyer were the taxpayer. ‘‘(4) P
RORATION OF DEFICIENCY TO INSTALL -
MENTS .—If an election is made under para-graph (1) to pay the net tax liability under this section in installments and a deficiency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7795 December 1, 2017 
has been assessed with respect to such net tax liability, the deficiency shall be prorated to the installments payable under paragraph (1). The part of the deficiency so prorated to any installment the date for payment of which has not arrived shall be collected at the same time as, and as a part of, such in-stallment. The part of the deficiency so pro-rated to any installment the date for pay-ment of which has arrived shall be paid upon notice and demand from the Secretary. This subsection shall not apply if the deficiency is due to negligence, to intentional disregard of rules and regulations, or to fraud with intent to evade tax. ‘‘(5) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1) shall be made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year described in subsection (a) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(6) N
ET TAX LIABILITY UNDER THIS SEC -
TION.—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The net tax liability under this section with respect to any United States shareholder is the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) such taxpayer’s net income tax for the taxable year in which an amount is included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section, over ‘‘(ii) such taxpayer’s net income tax for such taxable year determined— ‘‘(I) without regard to this section, and ‘‘(II) without regard to any income or de-duction properly attributable to a dividend received by such United States shareholder from any deferred foreign income corpora-tion. ‘‘(B) N
ET INCOME TAX .—The term ‘net in-come tax’ means the regular tax liability re-duced by the credits allowed under subparts A, B, and D of part IV of subchapter A. ‘‘(i) S
PECIAL RULES FOR S C ORPORATION  S
HAREHOLDERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any S cor-poration which is a United States share-holder of a deferred foreign income corpora-tion, each shareholder of such S corporation may elect to defer payment of such share-holder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to such S corporation until the shareholder’s taxable year which includes the triggering event with respect to such li-ability. Any net tax liability payment of which is deferred under the preceding sen-tence shall be assessed on the return of tax as an addition to tax in the shareholder’s taxable year which includes such triggering event. ‘‘(2) T
RIGGERING EVENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any share-holder’s net tax liability under this section with respect to any S corporation, the trig-gering event with respect to such liability is whichever of the following occurs first: ‘‘(i) Such corporation ceases to be an S cor-poration (determined as of the first day of the first taxable year that such corporation is not an S corporation). ‘‘(ii) A liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of such S corporation (includ-ing in a title 11 or similar case), a cessation of business by such S corporation, such S corporation ceases to exist, or any similar circumstance. ‘‘(iii) A transfer of any share of stock in such S corporation by the taxpayer (includ-ing by reason of death, or otherwise). ‘‘(B) P
ARTIAL TRANSFERS OF STOCK .—In the case of a transfer of less than all of the tax-payer’s shares of stock in the S corporation, such transfer shall only be a triggering event with respect to so much of the taxpayer’s net tax liability under this section with respect to such S corporation as is properly allocable to such stock. ‘‘(C) TRANSFER OF LIABILITY .—A transfer described in clause (iii) of subparagraph (A) shall not be treated as a triggering event if the transferee enters into an agreement with the Secretary under which such transferee is liable for net tax liability with respect to such stock in the same manner as if such transferee were the taxpayer. ‘‘(3) N
ET TAX LIABILITY .—A shareholder’s net tax liability under this section with re-spect to any S corporation is the net tax li-ability under this section which would be de-termined under subsection (h)(6) if the only subpart F income taken into account by such shareholder by reason of this section were allocations from such S corporation. ‘‘(4) E
LECTION TO PAY DEFERRED LIABILITY  
IN INSTALLMENTS .—In the case of a taxpayer which elects to defer payment under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) subsection (h) shall be applied sepa-rately with respect to the liability to which such election applies, ‘‘(B) an election under subsection (h) with respect to such liability shall be treated as timely made if made not later than the due date for the return of tax for the taxable year in which the triggering event with re-spect to such liability occurs, ‘‘(C) the first installment under subsection (h) with respect to such liability shall be paid not later than such due date (but deter-mined without regard to any extension of time for filing the return), and ‘‘(D) if the triggering event with respect to any net tax liability is described in para-graph (2)(A)(ii), an election under subsection (h) with respect to such liability may be made only with the consent of the Secretary. ‘‘(5) J
OINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY OF S COR -
PORATION .—If any shareholder of an S cor-poration elects to defer payment under para-graph (1), such S corporation shall be jointly and severally liable for such payment and any penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attributable thereto. ‘‘(6) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON COLLEC -
TION.—Any limitation on the time period for the collection of a liability deferred under this subsection shall not be treated as begin-ning before the date of the triggering event with respect to such liability. ‘‘(7) A
NNUAL REPORTING OF NET TAX LIABIL -
ITY.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any shareholder of an S corporation which makes an election under paragraph (1) shall report the amount of such shareholder’s deferred net tax liability on such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year for which such election is made and on the return of tax for each taxable year thereafter until such amount has been fully assessed on such returns. ‘‘(B) D
EFERRED NET TAX LIABILITY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘de-ferred net tax liability’ means, with respect to any taxable year, the amount of net tax liability payment of which has been deferred under paragraph (1) and which has not been assessed on a return of tax for any prior tax-able year. ‘‘(C) F
AILURE TO REPORT .—In the case of any failure to report any amount required to be reported under subparagraph (A) with re-spect to any taxable year before the due date for the return of tax for such taxable year, there shall be assessed on such return as an addition to tax 5 percent of such amount. ‘‘(8) E
LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made by the shareholder of the S corporation not later than the due date for such shareholder’s return of tax for the taxable year which includes the close of the taxable year of such S corporation in which the amount described in subsection (a) is taken into account, and ‘‘(B) shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(j) REPORTING BY S CORPORATION .—Each S corporation which is a United States share-holder of a specified foreign corporation shall report in its return of tax under section 6037(a) the amount includible in its gross in-come for such taxable year by reason of this section and the amount of the deduction al-lowable by subsection (b). Any copy provided to a shareholder under section 6037(b) shall include a statement of such shareholder’s pro rata share of such amounts. ‘‘(k) E
XTENSION OF LIMITATION ON ASSESS -
MENT .—Notwithstanding section 6501, the limitation on the time period for the assess-ment of the net tax liability under this sec-tion (as defined in subsection (h)(6)) shall not expire before the date that is 6 years after the return for the taxable year described in such subsection was filed. ‘‘(l) R
ECAPTURE FOR EXPATRIATED ENTI-
TIES.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a deduction is allowed under subsection (c) to a United States shareholder and such shareholder first be-comes an expatriated entity at any time dur-ing the 10-year period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, then— ‘‘(A) the tax imposed by this chapter shall be increased for the first taxable year in which such taxpayer becomes an expatriated entity by an amount equal to 35 percent of the amount of the deduction allowed to the specified foreign corporation under sub-section (c), and ‘‘(B) no credits shall be allowed against the increase in tax under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) E
XPATRIATED ENTITY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘expatriated entity’ has the same meaning given such term under section 7874(a)(2), except that such term shall not include an entity if the surrogate foreign corporation with respect to the enti-ty is treated as a domestic corporation under section 7874(b). ‘‘(m) S
PECIAL RULES FOR UNITED STATES  S
HAREHOLDERS WHICH AREREALESTATE IN-
VESTMENT TRUSTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a real estate invest-ment trust is a United States shareholder in 1 or more deferred foreign income corpora-tions— ‘‘(A) any amount required to be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section shall not be taken into account as gross income of the real estate investment trust for purposes of applying paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 856(c) to any taxable year for which such amount is taken into account under section 951(a)(1), and ‘‘(B) if the real estate investment trust elects the application of this subparagraph, notwithstanding subsection (a), any amount required to be taken into account under sec-tion 951(a)(1) by reason of this section shall, in lieu of the taxable year in which it would otherwise be included in gross income ((for purposes of the computation of real estate investment trust taxable income under sec-tion 857(b)), be included in gross income as follows: ‘‘(i) 8 percent of such amount in the case of each of the taxable years in the 5-taxable year period beginning with the taxable year in which such amount would otherwise be in-cluded. ‘‘(ii) 15 percent of such amount in the case of the 1st taxable year following such period. ‘‘(iii) 20 percent of such amount in the case of the 2nd taxable year following such pe-riod. ‘‘(iv) 25 percent of such amount in the case of the 3rd taxable year following such period. ‘‘(2) R
ULES FOR TRUSTS ELECTING DEFERRED  
INCLUSION .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7796 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(A) E LECTION .—Any election under para-graph (1)(B) shall be made not later than the due date for the first taxable year in the 5- taxable year period described in clause (i) of paragraph (1)(B) and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall provide. ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL RULES .—If an election under paragraph (1)(B) is in effect with respect to any real estate investment trust, the fol-lowing rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) A
PPLICATION OF PARTICIPATION EXEMP -
TION.—For purposes of subsection (c)(1)— ‘‘(I) the aggregate amount to which sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of subsection (c)(1) ap-plies shall be determined without regard to the election, ‘‘(II) each such aggregate amount shall be allocated to each taxable year described in paragraph (1)(B) in the same proportion as the amount included in the gross income of such United States shareholder under sec-tion 951(a)(1) by reason of this section is allo-cated to each such taxable year. ‘‘(III) N
O INSTALLMENT PAYMENTS .—The real estate investment trust may not make an election under subsection (g) for any tax-able year described in paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(ii) A
CCELERATION OF INCLUSION .—If there is a liquidation or sale of substantially all the assets of the real estate investment trust (including in a title 11 or similar case), a ces-sation of business by such trust, or any simi-lar circumstance, then any amount not yet included in gross income under paragraph (1)(B) shall be included in gross income as of the day before the date of the event and the unpaid portion of any tax liability with re-spect to such inclusion shall be due on the date of such event (or in the case of a title 11 or similar case, the day before the petition is filed). ‘‘(n) E
LECTION NOT TO APPLY NETOPER-
ATING LOSSDEDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If a United States share-holder of a deferred foreign income corpora-tion elects the application of this subsection for the taxable year described in subsection (a), then the amount described in paragraph (2) shall not be taken into account— ‘‘(A) in determining the amount of the net operating loss deduction under section 172 of such shareholder for such taxable year, or ‘‘(B) in determining the amount of taxable income for such taxable year which may be reduced by net operating loss carryovers or carrybacks to such taxable year under sec-tion 172. ‘‘(2) A
MOUNT DESCRIBED .—The amount de-scribed in this paragraph is the sum of— ‘‘(A) the amount required to be taken into account under section 951(a)(1) by reason of this section (determined after the applica-tion of subsection (c)), plus ‘‘(B) in the case of a domestic corporation which chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of subchapter N for the taxable year, the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under subsections (a) and (b) of section 960 for such taxable year with respect to the amount described in subparagraph (A) which are treated as a dividends under sec-tion 78. ‘‘(3) E
LECTION .—Any election under this subsection shall be made not later than the due date (including extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year and shall be made in such manner as the Secretary shall prescribe. ‘‘(o) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section or to pre-vent the avoidance of the purposes of this section, including through a reduction in earnings and profits through changes in enti-ty classification, changes in accounting methods, or otherwise.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by strik-ing the item relating to section 965 and in-serting the following: ‘‘Sec. 965. Treatment of deferred foreign in-come upon transition to par-ticipation exemption system of taxation.’’. Subpart B—Rules Related to Passive and Mobile Income CHAPTER 1—TAXATION OF FOREIGN-DE-RIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME AND GLOB-AL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME 
SEC. 14201. CURRENT YEAR INCLUSION OF GLOB-AL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME BY UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by in-serting after section 951 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 951A. GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED IN-COME INCLUDED IN GROSS INCOME OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each person who is a United States shareholder of any controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such United States shareholder shall include in gross income such shareholder’s global in-tangible low-taxed income for such taxable year. ‘‘(b) G
LOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED IN-
COME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘global intan-gible low-taxed income’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States share-holder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) such shareholder’s net CFC tested in-come for such taxable year, over ‘‘(B) such shareholder’s net deemed tan-gible income return for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) N
ET DEEMED TANGIBLE INCOME RE -
TURN .—The term ‘net deemed tangible in-come return’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year, an amount equal to 10 percent of the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the qualified business asset invest-ment of each controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year (determined for each taxable year of each such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such taxable year of such United States shareholder). ‘‘(c) N
ETCFC T ESTED INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘net CFC test-ed income’ means, with respect to any United States shareholder for any taxable year of such United States shareholder, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested income of each controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States shareholder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such tax-able year of such United States shareholder), over ‘‘(B) the aggregate of such shareholder’s pro rata share of the tested loss of each con-trolled foreign corporation with respect to which such shareholder is a United States shareholder for such taxable year of such United States shareholder (determined for each taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation which ends in or with such tax-able year of such United States shareholder). ‘‘(2) T
ESTED INCOME ; TESTED LOSS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(A) T
ESTED INCOME .—The term ‘tested in-come’ means, with respect to any controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the ex-cess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the gross income of such corporation determined without regard to— ‘‘(I) any item of income described in sec-tion 952(b), ‘‘(II) any gross income taken into account in determining the subpart F income of such corporation, ‘‘(III) any gross income excluded from the foreign base company income (as defined in section 954) and the insurance income (as de-fined in section 953) of such corporation by reason of section 954(b)(4), ‘‘(IV) any dividend received from a related person (as defined in section 954(d)(3)), and ‘‘(V) any foreign oil and gas extraction in-come (as defined in section 907(c)(1)) of such corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) prop-erly allocable to such gross income under rules similar to the rules of section 954(b)(5). ‘‘(B) TESTED LOSS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘tested loss’ means, with respect to any controlled for-eign corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the excess (if any) of the amount described in subpara-graph (A)(ii) over the amount described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(ii) C
OORDINATION WITH SUBPART F TO DENY  
DOUBLE BENEFIT OF LOSSES .—Section 952(c)(1)(A) shall be applied by increasing the earnings and profits of the controlled foreign corporation by the tested loss of such cor-poration. ‘‘(d) Q
UALIFIED BUSINESS ASSET INVEST -
MENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified busi-ness asset investment’ means, with respect to any corporation for any taxable year of such controlled foreign corporation, the av-erage of the aggregate of the corporation’s adjusted bases as of the close of each quarter of such taxable year in specified tangible property — ‘‘(A) used in a trade or business of the cor-poration, and ‘‘(B) of a type with respect to which a de-duction is allowable under section 167. ‘‘(2) S
PECIFIED TANGIBLE PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘specified tan-gible property’ means, except as provided in subparagraph (B), any tangible property used in the production of tested income. ‘‘(B) D
UAL USE PROPERTY .—In the case of property used both in the production of test-ed income and income which is not tested in-come, such property shall be treated as spec-ified tangible property in the same propor-tion that the gross income described in sub-section (c)(1)(A) produced with respect to such property bears to the total gross in-come produced with respect to such prop-erty. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION OF ADJUSTED BASIS .— For purposes of this subsection, notwith-standing any provision of this title (or any other provision of law) which is enacted after the date of the enactment of this section, the adjusted basis in any property shall be deter-mined using the alternative depreciation system under section 168(g). ‘‘(4) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as the Secretary determines appropriate to pre-vent the avoidance of the purposes of this subsection, including regulations or other guidance which provide for the treatment of property if— ‘‘(A) such property is transferred, or held, temporarily, or ‘‘(B) the avoidance of the purposes of this paragraph is a factor in the transfer or hold-ing of such property. ‘‘(e) D
ETERMINATION OF PRORATA SHARE , 
ETC.—For purposes of this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7797 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The pro rata shares re-ferred to in subsections (b), (c)(1)(A), and (c)(1)(B), respectively, shall be determined under the rules of section 951(a)(2) in the same manner as such section applies to sub-part F income and shall be taken into ac-count in the taxable year of the United States shareholder in which or with which the taxable year of the controlled foreign corporation ends. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT AS UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDER .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a person shall be treated as a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corpora-tion for any taxable year only if such person owns (within the meaning of section 958(a)) stock in such foreign corporation on the last day, in such year, on which such foreign cor-poration is a controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT AS CONTROLLED FOREIGN  
CORPORATION .—A foreign corporation shall be treated as a controlled foreign corporation for any taxable year if such foreign corpora-tion is a controlled foreign corporation at any time during such taxable year. ‘‘(f) T
REATMENT AS SUBPART F INCOME FOR  C
ERTAIN PURPOSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any global intangible low- taxed income included in gross income under subsection (a) shall be treated in the same manner as an amount included under section 951(a)(1)(A) for purposes of applying sections 168(h)(2)(B), 535(b)(10), 851(b), 904(h)(1), 959, 961, 962(c), 962(d), 993(a)(1)(E), 996(f)(1), 1248(b)(1), 1248(d)(1), 6501(e)(1)(C), 6654(d)(2)(D), and 6655(e)(4). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall pro-vide rules for the application of subpara-graph (A) to other provisions of this title in any case in which the determination of sub-part F income is required to be made at the level of the controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(2) A
LLOCATION OF GLOBAL INTANGIBLE  
LOW-TAXED INCOME TO CONTROLLED FOREIGN  
CORPORATIONS .—For purposes of the sections referred to in paragraph (1), with respect to any controlled foreign corporation any pro rata amount from which is taken into ac-count in determining the global intangible low-taxed income included in gross income of a United States shareholder under sub-section (a), the portion of such global intan-gible low-taxed income which is treated as being with respect to such controlled foreign corporation is— ‘‘(A) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with no tested income, zero, and ‘‘(B) in the case of a controlled foreign cor-poration with tested income, the portion of such global intangible low-taxed income which bears the same ratio to such global in-tangible low-taxed income as— ‘‘(i) such United States shareholder’s pro rata amount of the tested income of such controlled foreign corporation, bears to ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount described in subsection (c)(1)(A) with respect to such United States shareholder.’’. (b) F
OREIGN TAXCREDIT .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF DEEMED PAID FOREIGN  
TAX CREDIT .—Section 960 is amended adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EEMED PAIDCREDIT FOR TAXES PROP-
ERLY ATTRIBUTABLE TO TESTED INCOME .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-part, if any amount is includible in the gross income of a domestic corporation under sec-tion 951A, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid foreign income taxes equal to 80 percent of the product of— ‘‘(A) such domestic corporation’s inclusion percentage, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the aggregate tested foreign income taxes paid or accrued by controlled foreign corporations. ‘‘(2) INCLUSION PERCENTAGE .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘inclusion percent-age’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation, the ratio (expressed as a per-centage) of— ‘‘(A) such corporation’s global intangible low-taxed income (as defined in section 951A(b)), divided by ‘‘(B) the aggregate amount described in section 951A(c)(1)(A) with respect to such corporation. ‘‘(3) T
ESTED FOREIGN INCOME TAXES .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘tested foreign income taxes’ means, with respect to any domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder of a controlled foreign corporation, the foreign income taxes paid or accrued by such foreign corporation which are properly attributable to the tested in-come of such foreign corporation taken into account by such domestic corporation under section 951A.’’. (2) A
PPLICATION OF FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIM -
ITATION .— (A) S
EPARATE BASKET FOR GLOBAL INTAN -
GIBLE LOW -TAXED INCOME .—Section 904(d)(1) is amended by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as subparagraphs (B) and (C), re-spectively, and by inserting before subpara-graph (B) (as so redesignated) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(A) any amount includible in gross in-come under section 951A (other than passive category income),’’. (B) E
XCLUSION FROM GENERAL CATEGORY IN -
COME .—Section 904(d)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by inserting ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A) and’’ before ‘‘passive category in-come’’. (C) N
O CARRYOVER OR CARRYBACK OF EXCESS  
TAXES .—Section 904(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This subsection shall not apply to taxes paid or accrued with respect to amounts described in subsection (d)(1)(A).’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subpart F of part III of sub-chapter N of chapter 1 is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 951 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 951A. Global intangible low-taxed in-come included in gross income of United States share-holders.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14202. DEDUCTION FOR FOREIGN-DERIVED INTANGIBLE INCOME AND GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 250. FOREIGN-DERIVED INTANGIBLE IN-COME AND GLOBAL INTANGIBLE LOW-TAXED INCOME. 
‘‘(a) A LLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a domestic corporation for any taxable year, there shall be allowed as a deduction an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) 37.5 percent of the foreign-derived in-tangible income of such domestic corpora-tion for such taxable year, plus ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the global intangible low-taxed income amount (if any) which is included in the gross income of such domes-tic corporation under section 951A for such taxable year. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION BASED ON TAXABLE IN -
COME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If, for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) the sum of the foreign-derived intan-gible income and the global intangible low- taxed income amount otherwise taken into account by the domestic corporation under paragraph (1), exceeds ‘‘(ii) the taxable income of the domestic corporation (determined without regard to this section), then the amount of the foreign-derived in-tangible income and the global intangible low-taxed income amount so taken into ac-count shall be reduced as provided in sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(B) REDUCTION .—For purposes of subpara-graph (A)— ‘‘(i) foreign-derived intangible income shall be reduced by an amount which bears the same ratio to the excess described in sub-paragraph (A) as such foreign-derived intan-gible income bears to the sum described in subparagraph (A)(i), and ‘‘(ii) the global intangible low-taxed in-come amount shall be reduced by the re-mainder of such excess. ‘‘(3) R
EDUCTION IN DEDUCTION FOR TAXABLE  
YEARS AFTER 2025 .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after December 31, 2025, para-graph (1) shall be applied by substituting— ‘‘(A) ‘21.875 percent’ for ‘37.5 percent’ in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(B) ‘37.5 percent’ for ‘50 percent’ in sub-paragraph (B). ‘‘(b) F
OREIGN -DERIVED INTANGIBLE IN-
COME .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The foreign-derived in-tangible income of any domestic corporation is the amount which bears the same ratio to the deemed intangible income of such cor-poration as— ‘‘(A) the foreign-derived deduction eligible income of such corporation, bears to ‘‘(B) the deduction eligible income of such corporation. ‘‘(2) D
EEMED INTANGIBLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘deemed intan-gible income’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the deduction eligible income of the domestic corporation, over ‘‘(ii) the deemed tangible income return of the corporation. ‘‘(B) D
EEMED TANGIBLE INCOME RETURN .— The term ‘deemed tangible income return’ means, with respect to any corporation, an amount equal to 10 percent of the corpora-tion’s qualified business asset investment (as defined in section 951A(d), determined by substituting ‘deduction eligible income’ for ‘tested income’ in paragraph (2) thereof). ‘‘(3) D
EDUCTION ELIGIBLE INCOME .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘deduction eli-gible income’ means, with respect to any do-mestic corporation, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) gross income of such corporation de-termined without regard to— ‘‘(I) the subpart F income of such corpora-tion determined under section 951, ‘‘(II) the global intangible low-taxed in-come determined under section 951A, ‘‘(III) any financial services income (as de-fined in section 904(d)(2)(D)) of such corpora-tion which is not described in clause (ii), ‘‘(IV) any dividend received from a cor-poration which is a controlled foreign cor-poration of such domestic corporation, ‘‘(V) any domestic oil and gas extraction income of such corporation, and ‘‘(VI) any foreign branch income (as de-fined in section 904(d)(2)(J)), over ‘‘(ii) the deductions (including taxes) prop-erly allocable to such gross income under rules similar to the rules of section 954(b)(5). ‘‘(B) D
OMESTIC OIL AND GAS EXTRACTION IN -
COME .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘domestic oil and gas extraction in-come’ means income described in section 907(c)(1), determined by substituting ‘within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7798 December 1, 2017 
the United States’ for ‘without the United States’. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN -DERIVED DEDUCTION ELIGIBLE  
INCOME .—The term ‘foreign-derived deduc-tion eligible income’ means, with respect to any taxpayer for any taxable year, any de-duction eligible income of such taxpayer which is derived in connection with— ‘‘(A) property— ‘‘(i) which is sold by the taxpayer to any person who is not a United States person, and ‘‘(ii) which the taxpayer establishes to the satisfaction of the Secretary is for a foreign use, or ‘‘(B) services provided by the taxpayer which the taxpayer establishes to the satis-faction of the Secretary are provided to any person, or with respect to property, not lo-cated within the United States. ‘‘(5) R
ULES RELATING TO FOREIGN USE PROP -
ERTY OR SERVICES .—For purposes of this sub-section— ‘‘(A) F
OREIGN USE .—The term ‘foreign use’ means any use, consumption, or disposition which is not within the United States. ‘‘(B) P
ROPERTY OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO  
DOMESTIC INTERMEDIARIES .— ‘‘(i) P
ROPERTY .—If a taxpayer sells prop-erty to another person (other than a related party) for further manufacture or other modification within the United States, such property shall not be treated as sold for a foreign use even if such other person subse-quently uses such property for a foreign use. ‘‘(ii) S
ERVICES .—If a taxpayer provides services to another person (other than a re-lated party) located within the United States, such services shall not be treated as described in paragraph (4)(B) even if such other person uses such services in providing services which are so described. ‘‘(C) S
PECIAL RULES WITH RESPECT TO RE -
LATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) S
ALES TO RELATED PARTIES .—If prop- erty is sold to a related party who is not a United States person, such sale shall not be treated as for a foreign use unless— ‘‘(I) such property is ultimately sold by a related party, or used by a related party in connection with property which is sold or the provision of services, to another person who is an unrelated party who is not a United States person, and ‘‘(II) the taxpayer establishes to the satis-faction of the Secretary that such property is for a foreign use. For purposes of this clause, a sale of prop-erty shall be treated as a sale of each of the components thereof. ‘‘(ii) S
ERVICE PROVIDED TO RELATED PAR -
TIES.—If a service is provided to a related party who is not located in the United States, such service shall not be treated de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) unless the taxpayer established to the satisfaction of the Secretary that such service is not sub-stantially similar to services provided by such related party to persons located within the United States. ‘‘(D) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘related party’ means any member of an affiliated group as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears, and ‘‘(ii) without regard to paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1504(b). Any person (other than a corporation) shall be treated as a member of such group if such person is controlled by members of such group (including any entity treated as a member of such group by reason of this sen-tence) or controls any such member. For purposes of the preceding sentence, control shall be determined under the rules of sec-tion 954(d)(3). ‘‘(E) SOLD.—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘sold’, ‘sells’, and ‘sale’ shall include any lease, license, exchange, or other disposition. ‘‘(c) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 172(d), as amended by section 13011, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) D
EDUCTION FOR FOREIGN -DERIVED IN -
TANGIBLE INCOME .—The deduction under sec-tion 250 shall not be allowed.’’. (2) Section 246(b)(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘and subsection (a) and (b) of section 245’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘, subsection (a) and (b) of section 245, and section 250’’, (B) by striking ‘‘and subsection (a) and (b) of section 245’’ the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) and (b) of sec-tion 245, and 250’’. (3) Section 469(i)(3)(F)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘and 222’’ and inserting ‘‘222, and 250’’. (4) The table of sections for part VIII of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 250. Foreign-derived intangible income and global intangible low-taxed income.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14203. SPECIAL RULES FOR TRANSFERS OF INTANGIBLE PROPERTY FROM CON-TROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATIONS TO UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by add-ing at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 966. TRANSFERS OF INTANGIBLE PROP-ERTY TO UNITED STATES SHARE-HOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any dis-tribution of intangible property which is held by a controlled foreign corporation on the date of enactment of this section and which is described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) for purposes of part I of subchapter C and any other provision of this title specified by the Secretary, the fair market value of such property on the date of such distribu-tion shall be treated as not exceeding the ad-justed basis of such property immediately before such distribution, and ‘‘(2) if the distribution is to a United States shareholder and is not a dividend— ‘‘(A) the United States shareholder’s ad-justed basis in the stock of the controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such distribution is made shall be increased by the amount (if any) of such distribution which would (but for this subsection) be in-cludible in gross income, and ‘‘(B) the adjusted basis of such property in the hands of such United States shareholder immediately after such distribution shall be such adjusted basis immediately before such distribution reduced by the amount of the increase described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(b) D
ISTRIBUTION .—A distribution is de-scribed in this section if the distribution is— ‘‘(1) received by a domestic corporation from a controlled foreign corporation with respect to which such corporation is a United States shareholder, and ‘‘(2) made by the controlled foreign cor-poration before the last day of the third tax-able year of the controlled foreign corpora-tion beginning after December 31, 2017. ‘‘(c) I
NTANGIBLE PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘intangible prop-erty’ has the meaning given such term by section 936(h)(3)(B) or which is computer software described in section 197(e)(3)(B).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 197(f)(2)(B)(i) is amended by in-serting ‘‘966(a),’’ after ‘‘731,’’. (2) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 966. Transfers of intangible property to United States share-holders.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distribu-tions made in taxable years of foreign cor-porations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States share-holders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. CHAPTER 2—OTHER MODIFICATIONS OF SUBPART F PROVISIONS 
SEC. 14211. ELIMINATION OF INCLUSION OF FOR-EIGN BASE COMPANY OIL RELATED INCOME. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 954 is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end of para-graph (2), (2) by striking the comma at the end of paragraph (3) and inserting a period, and (3) by striking paragraph (5). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(iii) is amended by striking subclause (I) and redesignating sub-clauses (II) through (V) as subclauses (I) through (IV), respectively. (2) Section 954(b) is amended— (A) by striking the second sentence of paragraph (4), (B) by striking ‘‘the foreign base company services income, and the foreign base com-pany oil related income’’ in paragraph (5) and inserting ‘‘and the foreign base company services income’’, and (C) by striking paragraph (6). (3) Section 954 is amended by striking sub-section (g). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14212. INFLATION ADJUSTMENT OF DE MINI-MIS EXCEPTION FOR FOREIGN BASE COMPANY INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 954(b)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning after 2017, the dollar amount in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $50,000.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14213. REPEAL OF INCLUSION BASED ON WITHDRAWAL OF PREVIOUSLY EX-CLUDED SUBPART F INCOME FROM QUALIFIED INVESTMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 955. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1)(A) Section 951(a)(1)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) his pro rata share (determined under paragraph (2)) of the corporation’s subpart F income for such year, and’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7799 December 1, 2017 
(B) Section 851(b) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ in the flush language at the end and inserting ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (C) Section 952(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (D) Section 953(c)(1)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (2) Section 951(a) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (3) Section 953(d)(4)(B)(iv)(II) is amended by striking ‘‘or amounts referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) of section 951(a)(1)(A)’’. (4) Section 964(b) is amended by striking ‘‘, 955,’’. (5) Section 970 is amended by striking sub-section (b). (6) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 955. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14214. MODIFICATION OF STOCK ATTRIBU-TION RULES FOR DETERMINING STATUS AS A CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 958(b) is amend-ed— (1) by striking paragraph (4), and (2) by striking ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (4)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) the last taxable year of foreign corpora-tions beginning before January 1, 2018, and each subsequent taxable year of such foreign corporations, and (2) taxable years of United States share-holders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. 
SEC. 14215. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or 10 percent or more of the total value of shares of all classes of stock of such foreign corporation’’ after ‘‘such for-eign corporation’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14216. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT THAT CORPORATION MUST BE CON-TROLLED FOR 30 DAYS BEFORE SUB-PART F INCLUSIONS APPLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 951(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more’’ and inserting ‘‘at any time’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14217. LOOK-THRU RULE FOR RELATED CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA-TIONS MADE PERMANENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 954(c) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. SEC. 14218. CORPORATIONS ELIGIBLE FOR DE-DUCTION FOR DIVIDENDS FROM CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA-TIONS EXEMPT FROM SUBPART F IN-CLUSION FOR INVESTMENT IN UNITED STATES PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 956(a) is amended by inserting ‘‘(other than a corporation)’’ after ‘‘United States shareholder’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years of controlled foreign corporations end-ing after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders with or within which such taxable years of con-trolled foreign corporations end. CHAPTER 3—PREVENTION OF BASE EROSION 
SEC. 14221. DENIAL OF DEDUCTION FOR INTER-EST EXPENSE OF UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS WHICH ARE MEM-BERS OF WORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUPS WITH EXCESS DOMESTIC INDEBTEDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163 is amended by redesignating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) D
ISALLOWANCE OF DEDUCTION FOR IN-
TEREST EXPENSE OF UNITED STATES SHARE -
HOLDERS WHICH AREMEMBERS OF WORLDWIDE  A
FFILIATED GROUPS WITHEXCESS DOMESTIC  I
NDEBTEDNESS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any domes-tic corporation which is a member of a worldwide affiliated group, the deduction al-lowed under this chapter for interest paid or accrued by such domestic corporation during the taxable year shall be reduced by the product of— ‘‘(A) the net interest expense of such do-mestic corporation, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the debt-to-equity differential per-centage of such worldwide affiliated group. ‘‘(2) C
ARRYFORWARD .—Any amount dis-allowed under paragraph (1) for any taxable year shall be treated as interest paid or ac-crued in the succeeding taxable year. ‘‘(3) D
EBT-TO-EQUITY DIFFERENTIAL PER -
CENTAGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘debt-to-equity differential percentage’ means, with respect to any worldwide affiliated group, the percentage which the excess domestic indebtedness of such group bears to the total indebtedness of the domestic corporations which are mem-bers of such group. ‘‘(B) E
XCESS DOMESTIC INDEBTEDNESS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘ex-cess domestic indebtedness’ means, with re-spect to any worldwide affiliated group, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the total indebtedness of the domestic corporations which are members of such group, over ‘‘(ii) 110 percent of the amount which the total indebtedness of such domestic corpora-tions would be if the ratio of such indebted-ness to the total equity of such domestic cor-porations equaled the ratio which— ‘‘(I) the total indebtedness of such group, bears to ‘‘(II) the total equity of such group. ‘‘(C) T
OTAL EQUITY .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (B), the term ‘total equity’ means, with respect to one or more corporations, an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) the sum of the money and all other as-sets of such corporations, reduced (but not below one) by ‘‘(ii) the total indebtedness of such cor-porations. ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING DEBT  
AND EQUITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(I) the amount taken into account with respect to any asset shall be the adjusted basis thereof for purposes of determining gain, ‘‘(II) the amount taken into account with respect to any indebtedness with original issue discount shall be its issue price plus the portion of the original issue discount previously accrued as determined under the rules of section 1272 (determined without re-gard to subsection (a)(7) or (b)(4) thereof), and ‘‘(III) there shall be such other adjust-ments as the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe. ‘‘(ii) I
NTRAGROUP DEBT AND EQUITY INTER -
ESTS DISREGARDED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the total indebtedness, and the assets, of any group of corporations shall be determined by treating all members of such group as one corporation. ‘‘(iii) D
ETERMINATION OF ASSETS OF DOMES -
TIC GROUP .—For purposes of this paragraph, the assets of the domestic corporations which are members of any worldwide affili-ated group shall be determined by dis-regarding any interest held by any such do-mestic corporation in any foreign corpora-tion which is a member of such group. ‘‘(E) P
HASE IN OF PERCENTAGE USED IN DE -
TERMINING EXCESS INDEBTEDNESS .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a cal-endar year before 2022, the following percent-ages shall be substituted for ‘110 percent’ in applying subparagraph (B)(ii): 
‘‘In the case of a taxable year beginning in: The percentage is: 2018 ............................................................. 130 2019 ............................................................. 125 2020 ............................................................. 120 2021 ............................................................. 115 
‘‘(4) O THER DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) W
ORLDWIDE AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘worldwide affiliated group’ means a group consisting of the includible members of an affiliated group, as defined in section 1504(a), determined— ‘‘(i) by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 percent’ each place it appears in such section, and ‘‘(ii) without regard to paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) of section 1504(b). ‘‘(B) N
ET INTEREST EXPENSE .—The term ‘net interest expense’ means the excess (if any) of ‘‘(i) the interest paid or accrued by the tax-payer during the taxable year, over ‘‘(ii) the amount of interest includible in the gross income of such taxpayer for such taxable year. The Secretary shall by regulations provide for adjustments in determining the amount of net interest expense if necessary. ‘‘(5) T
REATMENT OF AFFILIATED GROUP .—For purposes of this subsection, all members of the same affiliated group (within the mean-ing of section 1504(a) applied by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘at least 80 per-cent’ each place it appears) shall be treated as one taxpayer. ‘‘(6) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be appropriate to carry out the pur-poses of this subsection, including regula-tions or other guidance— ‘‘(A) to prevent the avoidance of the pur-poses of this subsection, ‘‘(B) providing such adjustments in the case of corporations which are members of an affiliated group as may be appropriate to carry out the purposes of this subsection, ‘‘(C) providing for the coordination of this subsection with section 884, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7800 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(D) providing for the reallocation of shares of partnership indebtedness, or dis-tributive shares of the partnership’s interest income or interest expense, and ‘‘(E) providing for the coordination with the limitation under subsection (j).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14222. LIMITATIONS ON INCOME SHIFTING THROUGH INTANGIBLE PROPERTY TRANSFERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF INTANGIBLE ASSET.—Sec- tion 936(h)(3)(B) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (v), (2) by striking clause (vi) and inserting the following: ‘‘(vi) any goodwill, going concern value, or workforce in place (including its composi-tion and terms and conditions (contractual or otherwise) of its employment); or ‘‘(vii) any other item the value or potential value of which is not attributable to tangible property or the services of any individual.’’, and (3) by striking the flush language after clause (vii), as added by paragraph (2). (b) C
LARIFICATION OF ALLOWABLE VALU-
ATION METHODS .— (1) F
OREIGN CORPORATIONS .—Section 367(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) R
EGULATORY AUTHORITY .—For pur- poses of the last sentence of subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall require— ‘‘(i) the valuation of transfers of intangible property, including intangible property transferred with other property or services, on an aggregate basis, or ‘‘(ii) the valuation of such a transfer on the basis of the realistic alternatives to such a transfer, if the Secretary determines that such basis is the most reliable means of valuation of such transfers.’’. (2) A
LLOCATION AMONG TAXPAYERS .—Sec- tion 482 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this section, the Secretary shall require the valuation of transfers of intangible property (including intangible property transferred with other property or services) on an aggregate basis or the valuation of such a transfer on the basis of the realistic alternatives to such a transfer, if the Secretary determines that such basis is the most reliable means of valu-ation of such transfers.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to transfers in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. (2) N
O INFERENCE .—Nothing in the amend-ment made by subsection (a) shall be con-strued to create any inference with respect to the application of section 936(h)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the author-ity of the Secretary of the Treasury to pro-vide regulations for such application, with respect to taxable years beginning before January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 14223. CERTAIN RELATED PARTY AMOUNTS PAID OR ACCRUED IN HYBRID TRANSACTIONS OR WITH HYBRID ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part IX of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 267 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 267A. CERTAIN RELATED PARTY AMOUNTS PAID OR ACCRUED IN HYBRID TRANSACTIONS OR WITH HYBRID ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—No deduction shall be al-lowed under this chapter for any disqualified related party amount paid or accrued pursu-ant to a hybrid transaction or by, or to, a hybrid entity. ‘‘(b) D
ISQUALIFIED RELATED PARTY  A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) DISQUALIFIED RELATED PARTY  
AMOUNT .—The term ‘disqualified related party amount’ means any interest or royalty paid or accrued to a related party to the ex-tent that— ‘‘(A) such amount is not included in the in-come of such related party under the tax law of the country of which such related party is a resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax, or ‘‘(B) such related party is allowed a deduc-tion with respect to such amount under the tax law of such country. Such term shall not include any payment to the extent such payment is included in the gross income of a United States shareholder under section 951(a). ‘‘(2) R
ELATED PARTY .—The term ‘related party’ means a related person as defined in section 954(d)(3), except that such section shall be applied with respect to the person making the payment described in paragraph (1) in lieu of the controlled foreign corpora-tion otherwise referred to in such section. ‘‘(c) H
YBRID TRANSACTION .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘hybrid transaction’ means any transaction, series of trans-actions, agreement, or instrument one or more payments with respect to which are treated as interest or royalties for purposes of this chapter and which are not so treated for purposes the tax law of the foreign coun-try of which the recipient of such payment is resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax. ‘‘(d) H
YBRID ENTITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘hybrid entity’ means any entity which is either— ‘‘(1) treated as fiscally transparent for pur-poses of this chapter but not so treated for purposes of the tax law of the foreign coun-try of which the entity is resident for tax purposes or is subject to tax, or ‘‘(2) treated as fiscally transparent for pur-poses of such tax law but not so treated for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(e) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regu-lations or other guidance providing for— ‘‘(1) rules for treating certain conduit ar-rangements which involve a hybrid trans-action or a hybrid entity as subject to sub-section (a), ‘‘(2) rules for the application of this section to foreign branches, ‘‘(3) rules for treating certain structured transactions as subject to subsection (a), ‘‘(4) rules for treating a tax preference as an exclusion from income for purposes of ap-plying subsection (b)(1) if such tax pref-erence has the effect of reducing the gen-erally applicable statutory rate by 25 percent or more, ‘‘(5) rules for treating the entire amount of interest or royalty paid or accrued to a re-lated party as a disqualified related party amount if such amount is subject to a par-ticipation exemption system or other system which provides for the exclusion or deduc-tion of a substantial portion of such amount, ‘‘(6) rules for determining the tax residence of a foreign entity if the entity is otherwise considered a resident of more than one coun-try or of no country, ‘‘(7) exceptions from subsection (a) with re-spect to— ‘‘(A) cases in which the disqualified related party amount is taxed under the laws of a foreign country other than the country of which the related party is a resident for tax purposes, and ‘‘(B) other cases which the Secretary deter-mines do not present a risk of eroding the Federal tax base, ‘‘(8) requirements for record keeping and information reporting in addition to any re-quirements imposed by section 6038A.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part IX of subchapter B of chap-ter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 267 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 267A. Certain related party amounts paid or accrued in hybrid trans-actions or with hybrid enti-ties.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14224. SHAREHOLDERS OF SURROGATE FOR-EIGN CORPORATIONS NOT ELIGIBLE FOR REDUCED RATE ON DIVIDENDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1(h)(11)(C)(iii) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall not include any for-eign corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘shall not include— ‘‘(I) any foreign corporation’’, (2) by striking the period at the end and in-serting ‘‘, and’’, and (3) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) any corporation which is a surrogate foreign corporation (as defined in section 7874(a)(2)(B)) other than a foreign corpora-tion which is treated as a domestic corpora-tion under section 7874(b).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to dividends paid in taxable years beginning after Decem-ber 31, 2017. Subpart C—Modifications Related to Foreign Tax Credit System 
SEC. 14301. REPEAL OF SECTION 902 INDIRECT FOREIGN TAX CREDITS; DETERMINA-TION OF SECTION 960 CREDIT ON CURRENT YEAR BASIS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF SECTION 902 I NDIRECT FOR-
EIGN TAXCREDITS .—Subpart A of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking section 902. (b) D
ETERMINATION OF SECTION 960 C REDIT  
ONCURRENT YEAR BASIS.—Section 960, as amended by section 14201, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c), by redesig-nating subsection (b) as subsection (c), by striking all that precedes subsection (c) (as so redesignated) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 960. DEEMED PAID CREDIT FOR SUBPART F INCLUSIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-part, if there is included in the gross income of a domestic corporation any item of in-come under section 951(a)(1) with respect to any controlled foreign corporation with re-spect to which such domestic corporation is a United States shareholder, such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as are properly attributable to such item of income. ‘‘(b) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DISTRIBUTIONS  F
ROM PREVIOUSLY TAXED EARNINGS AND  P
ROFITS .—For purposes of this subpart— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If any portion of a dis-tribution from a controlled foreign corpora-tion to a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such controlled foreign corporation is ex-cluded from gross income under section 959(a), such domestic corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such foreign corporation’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such por-tion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have to been paid by such domestic corporation under this section for the taxable year or any prior tax-able year. ‘‘(2) T
IERED CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If section 959(b) applies to any por-tion of a distribution from a controlled for-eign corporation to another controlled for-eign corporation, such controlled foreign 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7801 December 1, 2017 
corporation shall be deemed to have paid so much of such other controlled foreign cor-poration’s foreign income taxes as— ‘‘(A) are properly attributable to such por-tion, and ‘‘(B) have not been deemed to have been paid by a domestic corporation under this section for any prior taxable year.’’, (2) and by adding after subsection (d) (as added by section 14201) the following new subsections: ‘‘(e) F
OREIGN INCOME TAXES .—The term ‘foreign income taxes’ means any income, war profits, or excess profits taxes paid or accrued to any foreign country or possession of the United States. ‘‘(f) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 78 is amended to read as fol-lows: 
‘‘SEC. 78. GROSS UP FOR DEEMED PAID FOREIGN TAX CREDIT. 
‘‘If a domestic corporation chooses to have the benefits of subpart A of part III of sub-chapter N (relating to foreign tax credit) for any taxable year— ‘‘(1) an amount equal to the taxes deemed to be paid by such corporation under sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 960 for such taxable year shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than section 960) as an item of income required to be included in the gross income of such domestic corporation under section 951(a), and ‘‘(2) an amount equal to the aggregate test-ed foreign income taxes deemed paid by such corporation under section 960(d) (determined without regard to the phrase ‘80 percent of’ in paragraph (1) thereof) shall be treated for purposes of this title (other than section 960) as an addition to the global intangible low- taxed income of such domestic corporation under section 951A(a) for such taxable year.’’. (2) Paragraph (4) of section 245(a) is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘(4) P
OST-1986 UNDISTRIBUTED EARNINGS .— The term ‘post-1986 undistributed earnings’ means the amount of the earnings and prof-its of the foreign corporation (computed in accordance with sections 964(a) and 986) ac-cumulated in taxable years beginning after December 31, 1986— ‘‘(A) as of the close of the taxable year of the foreign corporation in which the divi-dend is distributed, and ‘‘(B) without diminution by reason of divi-dends distributed during such taxable year.’’. (3) Section 245(a)(10)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘902, 907, and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘907 and 960’’. (4) Sections 535(b)(1) and 545(b)(1) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 902(a) or 960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (5) Section 814(f)(1) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (B), and (B) by striking all that precedes ‘‘No in-come’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) T
REATMENT OF FOREIGN TAXES .—’’. (6) Section 865(h)(1)(B) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902, 907,’’ and inserting ‘‘907’’. (7) Section 901(a) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (8) Section 901(e)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘but is not limited to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘that portion’’ and inserting ‘‘but is not limited to that portion’’. (9) Section 901(f) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (10) Section 901(j)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (11) Section 901(j)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 and 960’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (12) Section 901(k)(2) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘, 902,’’. (13) Section 901(k)(6) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (14) Section 901(m)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘relevant foreign assets—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘relevant foreign as-sets shall not be taken into account in deter-mining the credit allowed under subsection (a).’’. (15) Section 904(d)(6)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘902, 907,’’ and inserting ‘‘907’’. (16) Section 904(h)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902, 907, and 960’’ and in-serting ‘‘sections 907 and 960’’. (17) Section 904(k) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(k) CROSS REFERENCES .—For increase of limitation under subsection (a) for taxes paid with respect to amounts received which were included in the gross income of the tax-payer for a prior taxable year as a United States shareholder with respect to a con-trolled foreign corporation, see section 960(c).’’. (18) Section 905(c)(1) is amended by strik-ing the last sentence. (19) Section 905(c)(2)(B)(i) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) shall be taken into account for the taxable year to which such taxes relate, and’’. (20) Section 906(a) is amended by striking ‘‘(or deemed, under section 902, paid or ac-crued during the taxable year)’’. (21) Section 906(b) is amended by striking paragraphs (4) and (5). (22) Section 907(b)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (23) Section 907(c)(3) is amended— (A) by striking subparagraph (A) and redes-ignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as sub-paragraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and (B) by striking ‘‘section 960(a)’’ in subpara-graph (A) (as so redesignated) and inserting ‘‘section 960’’. (24) Section 907(c)(5) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘902 or’’. (25) Section 907(f)(2)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (26) Section 908(a) is amended by striking ‘‘902 or’’. (27) Section 909(b) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 902 corporation’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and in-serting ‘‘specified 10-percent owned foreign corporation (as defined in section 245A(b))’’, (B) by striking ‘‘902 or’’ in paragraph (1), (C) by striking ‘‘by such section 902 cor-poration’’ and all that follows in the matter following paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘by such specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration or a domestic corporation which is a United States shareholder with respect to such specified 10-percent owned foreign cor-poration.’’, and (D) by striking ‘‘S
ECTION 902 C ORPORA -
TIONS ’’ in the heading thereof and inserting ‘‘S
PECIFIED 10-PERCENT OWNED FOREIGN COR-
PORATIONS ’’. (28) Section 909(d) is amended by striking paragraph (5). (29) Section 958(a)(1) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘960(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘960’’. (30) Section 959(d) is amended by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 960(a)(3), any’’ and inserting ‘‘Any’’. (31) Section 959(e) is amended by striking ‘‘section 960(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 960(c)’’. (32) Section 1291(g)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘any distribution—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘but only if’’ and inserting ‘‘any distribution, any withholding tax im-posed with respect to such distribution, but only if’’. (33) Section 6038(c)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 902 (relating to foreign tax credit for corporate stockholder in foreign corporation) and 960 (relating to special rules for foreign tax credit)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 960’’. (34) Section 6038(c)(4) is amended by strik-ing subparagraph (C). (35) The table of sections for subpart A of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 902. (36) The table of sections for subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by striking the item relating to section 960 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 960. Deemed paid credit for subpart F inclusions.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years of foreign corporations beginning after December 31, 2017, and to taxable years of United States shareholders in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corpora-tions end. 
SEC. 14302. SEPARATE FOREIGN TAX CREDIT LIM-ITATION BASKET FOR FOREIGN BRANCH INCOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 904(d)(1), as amended by section 14201, is amended by re-designating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively, and by inserting after subparagraph (A) the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) foreign branch income,’’. (b) F
OREIGN BRANCH INCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 904(d)(2) is amend-ed by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) F
OREIGN BRANCH INCOME .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘foreign branch income’ means the business profits of such United States person which are attributable to 1 or more qualified business units (as de-fined in section 989(a)) in 1 or more foreign countries. For purposes of the preceding sen-tence, the amount of business profits attrib-utable to a qualified business unit shall be determined under rules established by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Such term shall not in-clude any income which is passive category income.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 904(d)(2)(A)(ii), as amended by section 14201, is amended by striking ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A) and’’ and inserting ‘‘income described in paragraph (1)(A), foreign branch income, and’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14303. ACCELERATION OF ELECTION TO AL-LOCATE INTEREST, ETC., ON A WORLDWIDE BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 864(f)(6) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2020’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14304. SOURCE OF INCOME FROM SALES OF INVENTORY DETERMINED SOLELY ON BASIS OF PRODUCTION ACTIVI-TIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 863(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Gains, profits, and income from the sale or ex-change of inventory property described in paragraph (2) shall be allocated and appor-tioned between sources within and without the United States solely on the basis of the production activities with respect to the property.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7802 December 1, 2017 
SEC. 14305. ELECTION TO INCREASE PERCENT-AGE OF DOMESTIC TAXABLE IN-COME OFFSET BY OVERALL DOMES-TIC LOSS TREATED AS FOREIGN SOURCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 904(g) is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) E
LECTION TO INCREASE PERCENTAGE OF  
TAXABLE INCOME TREATED AS FOREIGN  
SOURCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If any pre-2018 unused overall domestic loss is taken into account under paragraph (1) for any applicable tax-able year, the taxpayer may elect to have such paragraph applied to such loss by sub-stituting a percentage greater than 50 per-cent (but not greater than 100 percent) for 50 percent in subparagraph (B) thereof. ‘‘(B) P
RE-2018 UNUSED OVERALL DOMESTIC  
LOSS.—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘pre-2018 unused overall domestic loss’ means any overall domestic loss which— ‘‘(i) arises in a qualified taxable year be-ginning before January 1, 2018, and ‘‘(ii) has not been used under paragraph (1) for any taxable year beginning before such date. ‘‘(C) A
PPLICABLE TAXABLE YEAR .—For pur- poses of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable taxable year’ means any taxable year of the taxpayer beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2028.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART II—INBOUND TRANSACTIONS 
SEC. 14401. BASE EROSION AND ANTI-ABUSE TAX. 
(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.—Subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART VII—BASE EROSION AND ANTI- ABUSE TAX ‘‘Sec. 59A. Tax on base erosion payments of taxpayers with substantial gross receipts. 
‘‘SEC. 59A. TAX ON BASE EROSION PAYMENTS OF TAXPAYERS WITH SUBSTANTIAL GROSS RECEIPTS. 
‘‘(a) I MPOSITION OF TAX.—There is hereby imposed on each applicable taxpayer for any taxable year a tax equal to the base erosion minimum tax amount for the taxable year. Such tax shall be in addition to any other tax imposed by this subtitle. ‘‘(b) B
ASE EROSION MINIMUM TAX A
MOUNT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3), the term ‘base erosion minimum tax amount’ means, with respect to any applicable taxpayer for any taxable year, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(A) an amount equal to 10 percent of the modified taxable income of such taxpayer for the taxable year, over ‘‘(B) an amount equal to the regular tax li-ability (as defined in section 26(b)) of the taxpayer for the taxable year, reduced (but not below zero) by the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) the credits allowed under this chapter against such regular tax liability, over ‘‘(ii) the credit allowed under section 38 for the taxable year which is properly allocable to the research credit determined under sec-tion 41(a). ‘‘(2) M
ODIFICATIONS FOR TAXABLE YEARS BE -
GINNING AFTER 2025 .—In the case of any tax-able year beginning after December 31, 2025, paragraph (1) shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘12.5 percent’ for ‘10 percent’ in subparagraph (A) thereof, and ‘‘(B) by reducing (but not below zero) the regular tax liability (as defined in section 26(b)) for purposes of subparagraph (B) there-of by the aggregate amount of the credits al-lowed under this chapter against such reg-ular tax liability rather than the excess de-scribed in such subparagraph. ‘‘(3) INCREASED RATE FOR CERTAIN BANKS  
AND SECURITIES DEALERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an appli-cable taxpayer described in subparagraph (B) for any taxable year— ‘‘(i) paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) shall each be applied by substituting ‘11 percent’ for ‘10 percent’, and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (2)(A) shall be applied by substituting ‘13.5 percent’ for ‘12.5 percent’. ‘‘(B) T
AXPAYER DESCRIBED .—An applicable taxpayer is described in this subparagraph if such taxpayer is a member of an affiliated group (as defined in section 1504(a)(1)) which includes— ‘‘(i) a bank (as defined in section 581), or ‘‘(ii) a registered securities dealer under section 15(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. ‘‘(c) M
ODIFIED TAXABLE INCOME .—For pur- poses of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘modified tax-able income’ means the taxable income of the taxpayer computed under this chapter for the taxable year, determined without re-gard to— ‘‘(A) any base erosion tax benefit with re-spect to any base erosion payment, or ‘‘(B) the base erosion percentage of any net operating loss deduction allowed under sec-tion 172 for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) B
ASE EROSION TAX BENEFIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion tax benefit’ means— ‘‘(i) any deduction described in subsection (d)(1) which is allowed under this chapter for the taxable year with respect to any base erosion payment, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a base erosion payment described in subsection (d)(2), any deduction allowed under this chapter for the taxable year for depreciation (or amortization in lieu of depreciation) with respect to the property acquired with such payment, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of a base erosion payment described in subsection (d)(3), any reduction in gross receipts with respect to such pay-ment in computing gross income of the tax-payer for the taxable year for purposes of this chapter. ‘‘(B) T
AX BENEFITS DISREGARDED IF TAX  
WITHHELD ON BASE EROSION PAYMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any base erosion tax benefit at-tributable to any base erosion payment— ‘‘(I) on which tax is imposed by section 871 or 881, and ‘‘(II) with respect to which tax has been de-ducted and withheld under section 1441 or 1442, shall not be taken into account in computing modified taxable income under paragraph (1)(A) or the base erosion percentage under paragraph (4). ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The amount not taken into account in computing modified taxable income by reason of clause (i) shall be re-duced under rules similar to the rules under section 163(j)(5)(B) (as in effect before the date of the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act). ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR DETERMINING INTER -
EST FOR WHICH DEDUCTION ALLOWED .—For pur- poses of applying paragraph (1), in the case of a taxpayer to which subsection (j) or (n) of section 163 applies for the taxable year, the reduction in the amount of interest for which a deduction is allowed by reason of such subsection shall be treated as allocable first to interest paid or accrued to persons who are not related parties with respect to the taxpayer and then to such related par-ties. ‘‘(4) B
ASE EROSION PERCENTAGE .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion percentage’ means, for any taxable year, the percentage determined by dividing— ‘‘(i) the aggregate amount of base erosion tax benefits of the taxpayer for the taxable year, by ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of the deduc-tions allowable to the taxpayer under this chapter for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULES .—The amount under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be determined— ‘‘(i) by taking into account base erosion tax benefits described in clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A), and ‘‘(ii) by not taking into account any deduc-tion allowed under section 172, 245A, or 250 for the taxable year. ‘‘(d) B
ASEEROSION PAYMENT .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘base erosion payment’ means any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a foreign person which is a related party of the taxpayer and with re-spect to which a deduction is allowable under this chapter. ‘‘(2) P
URCHASE OF DEPRECIABLE PROPERTY .— Such term shall also include any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer to a foreign person which is a related party of the tax-payer in connection with the acquisition by the taxpayer from such person of property of a character subject to the allowance of de-preciation (or amortization in lieu of depre-ciation). ‘‘(3) C
ERTAIN PAYMENTS TO EXPATRIATED EN -
TITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Such term shall also in-clude any amount paid or accrued by the taxpayer with respect to a person described in subparagraph (B) which results in a reduc-tion of the gross receipts of the taxpayer. ‘‘(B) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this subparagraph if such person is a— ‘‘(i) surrogate foreign corporation which is a related party of the taxpayer, but only if such person first became a surrogate foreign corporation after November 9, 2017, or ‘‘(ii) foreign person which is a member of the same expanded affiliated group as the surrogate foreign corporation. ‘‘(C) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) S
URROGATE FOREIGN CORPORATION .— The term ‘surrogate foreign corporation’ has the meaning given such term by section 7874(a)(2) but does not include a foreign cor-poration treated as a domestic corporation under section 7874(b). ‘‘(ii) E
XPANDED AFFILIATED GROUP .—The term ‘expanded affiliated group’ has the meaning given such term by section 7874(c)(1). ‘‘(4) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN AMOUNTS WITH  
RESPECT TO SERVICES .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any amount paid or accrued by a taxpayer for services if— ‘‘(A) such services are services which meet the requirements for eligibility for use of the services cost method under section 482 (de-termined without regard to the requirement that the services not contribute significantly to fundamental risks of business success or failure), and ‘‘(B) such amount constitutes the total services cost with no markup. ‘‘(e) A
PPLICABLE TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable taxpayer’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a taxpayer— ‘‘(A) which is a corporation other than a regulated investment company, a real estate investment trust, or an S corporation, ‘‘(B) the average annual gross receipts of which for the 3-taxable-year period ending with the preceding taxable year are at least $500,000,000, and ‘‘(C) the base erosion percentage (as deter-mined under subsection (c)(4)) of which for the taxable year is 4 percent or higher. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7803 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(2) G ROSS RECEIPTS .— ‘‘(A) S
PECIAL RULE FOR FOREIGN PERSONS .— In the case of a foreign person the gross re-ceipts of which are taken into account for purposes of paragraph (1)(B), only gross re-ceipts which are taken into account in deter-mining income which is effectively con-nected with the conduct of a trade or busi-ness within the United States shall be taken into account. In the case of a taxpayer which is a foreign person, the preceding sentence shall not apply to the gross receipts of any United States person which are aggregated with the taxpayer’s gross receipts by reason of paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) O
THER RULES MADE APPLICABLE .— Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) of section 448(c)(3) shall apply in determining gross receipts for pur-poses of this section. ‘‘(3) A
GGREGATION RULES .—All persons treated as a single employer under sub-section (a) of section 52 shall be treated as 1 person for purposes of this subsection and subsection (c)(4), except that in applying sec-tion 1563 for purposes of section 52, the ex-ception for foreign corporations under sec-tion 1563(b)(2)(C) shall be disregarded. ‘‘(f) F
OREIGN PERSON .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign person’ has the meaning given such term by section 6038A(c)(3). ‘‘(g) R
ELATED PARTY .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘related party’ means, with respect to any applicable tax-payer— ‘‘(A) any 25-percent owner of the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) any person who is related (within the meaning of section 267(b) or 707(b)(1)) to the taxpayer or any 25-percent owner of the tax-payer, and ‘‘(C) any other person who is related (with-in the meaning of section 482) to the tax-payer. ‘‘(2) 25-
PERCENT OWNER .—The term ‘25-per-cent owner’ means, with respect to any cor-poration, any person who owns at least 25 percent of— ‘‘(A) the total voting power of all classes of stock of a corporation entitled to vote, or ‘‘(B) the total value of all classes of stock of such corporation. ‘‘(3) S
ECTION 318 TO APPLY .—Section 318 shall apply for purposes of paragraphs (1) and (2), except that— ‘‘(A) ‘10 percent’ shall be substituted for ‘50 percent’ in section 318(a)(2)(C), and ‘‘(B) subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of sec-tion 318(a)(3) shall not be applied so as to consider a United States person as owning stock which is owned by a person who is not a United States person. ‘‘(h) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PAYMENTS  M
ADE IN THE ORDINARY COURSE OF TRADE OR  B
USINESS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), any qualified derivative pay-ment shall not be treated as a base erosion payment. ‘‘(2) Q
UALIFIED DERIVATIVE PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified de-rivative payment’ means any payment made by a taxpayer pursuant to a derivative with respect to which the taxpayer— ‘‘(i) recognizes gain or loss as if such deriv-ative were sold for its fair market value on the last business day of the taxable year (and such additional times as required by this title or the taxpayer’s method of account-ing), ‘‘(ii) treats any gain or loss so recognized as ordinary, and ‘‘(iii) treats the character of all items of income, deduction, gain, or loss with respect to a payment pursuant to the derivative as ordinary. ‘‘(B) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—No pay- ments shall be treated as qualified derivative payments under subparagraph (A) for any taxable year unless the taxpayer includes in the information required to be reported under section 6038B(b)(2) with respect to such taxable year such information as is nec-essary to identify the payments to be so treated and such other information as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the provisions of this subsection. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS FOR PAYMENTS OTHERWISE  
TREATED AS BASE EROSION PAYMENTS .—This subsection shall not apply to any qualified derivative payment if— ‘‘(A) the payment would be treated as a base erosion payment if it were not made pursuant to a derivative, including any in-terest, royalty, or service payment, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a contract which has de-rivative and nonderivative components, the payment is properly allocable to the non-derivative component. ‘‘(4) D
ERIVATIVE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘derivative’ means any contract (including any option, forward contract, futures contract, short po-sition, swap, or similar contract) the value of which, or any payment or other transfer with respect to which, is (directly or indi-rectly) determined by reference to one or more of the following: ‘‘(i) Any share of stock in a corporation. ‘‘(ii) Any evidence of indebtedness. ‘‘(iii) Any commodity which is actively traded. ‘‘(iv) Any currency. ‘‘(v) Any rate, price, amount, index, for-mula, or algorithm. ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF AMERICAN DEPOSITORY  
RECEIPTS AND SIMILAR INSTRUMENTS .—Except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, for purposes of this part, American depository receipts (and similar instruments) with re-spect to shares of stock in foreign corpora-tions shall be treated as shares of stock in such foreign corporations. ‘‘(i) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this section, including regulations— ‘‘(1) providing for such adjustments to the application of this section as are necessary to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this section, including through— ‘‘(A) the use of unrelated persons, conduit transactions, or other intermediaries, or ‘‘(B) transactions or arrangements de-signed, in whole or in part— ‘‘(i) to characterize payments otherwise subject to this section as payments not sub-ject to this section, or ‘‘(ii) to substitute payments not subject to this section for payments otherwise subject to this section and ‘‘(2) for the application of subsection (g), including rules to prevent the avoidance of the exceptions under subsection (g)(3).’’. (b) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND PEN-
ALTIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 6038A is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-section (a), the information described in this subsection is such information as the Sec-retary prescribes by regulations relating to— ‘‘(A) the name, principal place of business, nature of business, and country or countries in which organized or resident, of each per-son which— ‘‘(i) is a related party to the reporting cor-poration, and ‘‘(ii) had any transaction with the report-ing corporation during its taxable year, ‘‘(B) the manner in which the reporting corporation is related to each person referred to in subparagraph (A), and ‘‘(C) transactions between the reporting corporation and each foreign person which is a related party to the reporting corporation. ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING  
BASE EROSION PAYMENTS .—For purposes of subsection (a) and section 6038C, if the re-porting corporation or the foreign corpora-tion to whom section 6038C applies is an ap-plicable taxpayer, the information described in this subsection shall include— ‘‘(A) such information as the Secretary de-termines necessary to determine the base erosion minimum tax amount, base erosion payments, and base erosion tax benefits of the taxpayer for purposes of section 59A for the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) such other information as the Sec-retary determines necessary to carry out such section. For purposes of this paragraph, any term used in this paragraph which is also used in section 59A shall have the same meaning as when used in such section.’’. (2) I
NCREASE IN PENALTY .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 6038A(d) are each amended by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000’’. (c) D
ISALLOWANCE OF CREDITS AGAINST  B
ASEEROSION TAX.—Paragraph (2) of section 26(b) is amended by inserting after subpara-graph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) section 59A (relating to base erosion and anti-abuse tax),’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The table of parts for subchapter A of chapter 1 is amended by adding after the item relating to part VI the following new item: ‘‘Part VII. Base erosion and anti-abuse tax’’. (2) Paragraph (1) of section 882(a), as amended by this Act, is amended by insert-ing ‘‘ or 59A,’’ after ‘‘section 11,’’. (3) Subparagraph (A) of section 6425(c)(1), as amended by section 13001, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the sum of— ‘‘(i) the tax imposed by section 11, or sub-chapter L of chapter 1, whichever is applica-ble, plus ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by section 59A, over’’. (4)(A) Subparagraph (A) of section 6655(g)(1), as amended by section 13001, is amended by striking ‘‘plus’’ at the end of clause (i), by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii), and by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by section 59A, plus’’. (B) Subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(i) of sec-tion 6655(e)(2), as amended by section 13001, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and modified taxable income’’ after ‘‘taxable income’’. (C) Subparagraph (B) of section 6655(e)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) M
ODIFIED TAXABLE INCOME .—The term ‘modified taxable income’ has the meaning given such term by section 59A(c)(1).’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to base ero-sion payments (as defined in section 59A(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by this section) paid or accrued in tax-able years beginning after December 31, 2017. PART III—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 14501. RESTRICTION ON INSURANCE BUSI-NESS EXCEPTION TO PASSIVE FOR-EIGN INVESTMENT COMPANY RULES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1297(b)(2)(B) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) derived in the active conduct of an in-surance business by a qualifying insurance corporation (as defined in subsection (f)),’’. (b) Q
UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION  D
EFINED .—Section 1297 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7804 December 1, 2017 
‘‘(f) Q UALIFYING INSURANCE CORPORATION .— For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B)— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying in-surance corporation’ means, with respect to any taxable year, a foreign corporation— ‘‘(A) which would be subject to tax under subchapter L if such corporation were a do-mestic corporation, and ‘‘(B) the applicable insurance liabilities of which constitute more than 25 percent of its total assets, determined on the basis of such liabilities and assets as reported on the cor-poration’s applicable financial statement for the last year ending with or within the tax-able year. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE FACTS AND CIR -
CUMSTANCES TEST FOR CERTAIN CORPORA -
TIONS .—If a corporation fails to qualify as a qualified insurance corporation under para-graph (1) solely because the percentage de-termined under paragraph (1)(B) is 25 percent or less, a United States person that owns stock in such corporation may elect to treat such stock as stock of a qualifying insurance corporation if— ‘‘(A) the percentage so determined for the corporation is at least 10 percent, and ‘‘(B) under regulations provided by the Secretary, based on the applicable facts and circumstances— ‘‘(i) the corporation is predominantly en-gaged in an insurance business, and ‘‘(ii) such failure is due solely to runoff-re-lated or rating-related circumstances involv-ing such insurance business. ‘‘(3) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE LIABILITIES .— For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘applicable in-surance liabilities’ means, with respect to any life or property and casualty insurance business— ‘‘(i) loss and loss adjustment expenses, and ‘‘(ii) reserves (other than deficiency, con-tingency, or unearned premium reserves) for life and health insurance risks and life and health insurance claims with respect to con-tracts providing coverage for mortality or morbidity risks. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF LIABIL -
ITIES .—Any amount determined under clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (A) shall not ex-ceed the lesser of such amount— ‘‘(i) as reported to the applicable insurance regulatory body in the applicable financial statement described in paragraph (4)(A) (or, if less, the amount required by applicable law or regulation), or ‘‘(ii) as determined under regulations pre-scribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) O
THER DEFINITIONS AND RULES .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICABLE FINANCIAL STATEMENT .— The term ‘applicable financial statement’ means a statement for financial reporting purposes which— ‘‘(i) is made on the basis of generally ac-cepted accounting principles, ‘‘(ii) is made on the basis of international financial reporting standards, but only if there is no statement that meets the re-quirement of clause (i), or ‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary in regulations, is the annual state-ment which is required to be filed with the applicable insurance regulatory body, but only if there is no statement which meets the requirements of clause (i) or (ii). ‘‘(B) A
PPLICABLE INSURANCE REGULATORY  
BODY .—The term ‘applicable insurance regu-latory body’ means, with respect to any in-surance business, the entity established by law to license, authorize, or regulate such business and to which the statement de-scribed in subparagraph (A) is provided.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. SEC. 14502. REPEAL OF FAIR MARKET VALUE METHOD OF INTEREST EXPENSE AP-PORTIONMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2) of section 864(e) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) G
ROSS INCOME AND FAIR MARKET VALUE  
METHODS MAY NOT BE USED FOR INTEREST .— All allocations and apportionments of inter-est expense shall be determined using the ad-justed bases of assets rather than on the basis of the fair market value of the assets or gross income.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 14503. MODIFICATION TO SOURCE RULES IN-VOLVING POSSESSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b)(2) of Sec-tion 937 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent such income is attributable to an of-fice or fixed place of business within the United States (determined under the rules of Section 864(c)(5))’’ before the period at the end. (b) S
OURCE RULES FOR PERSONAL PROPERTY  S
ALES .—Subsection (j)(3) of section 865 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by inserting ‘‘932,’’ after ‘‘931,’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. TITLE II 
SEC. 20001. OIL AND GAS PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OASTAL PLAIN .—The term ‘‘Coastal Plain’’ means the area identified as the 1002 Area on the plates prepared by the United States Geological Survey entitled ‘‘ANWR Map – Plate 1’’ and ‘‘ANWR Map – Plate 2’’, dated October 24, 2017, and on file with the United States Geological Survey and the Of-fice of the Solicitor of the Department of the Interior. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Bureau of Land Management. (b) O
IL AND GASPROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1003 of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 3143) shall not apply to the Coastal Plain. (2) E
STABLISHMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall es-tablish and administer a competitive oil and gas program for the leasing, development, production, and transportation of oil and gas in and from the Coastal Plain. (B) P
URPOSES .—Section 303(2)(B) of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conserva-tion Act (Public Law 96–487; 94 Stat. 2390) is amended— (i) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) to provide for an oil and gas program on the Coastal Plain.’’. (3) M
ANAGEMENT .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this section, the Secretary shall manage the oil and gas program on the Coastal Plain in a manner similar to the ad-ministration of lease sales under the Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6501 et seq.) (including regula-tions). (4) R
OYALTIES .—Notwithstanding the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), the royalty rate for leases issued pursuant to this section shall be 16.67 percent. (5) R
ECEIPTS .—Notwithstanding the Min-eral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.), of the amount of adjusted bonus, rental, and roy-alty receipts derived from the oil and gas program and operations on Federal land au-thorized under this section— (A) 50 percent shall be paid to the State of Alaska; and (B) the balance shall be deposited into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts. (c) 2 LEASE SALES WITHIN 10 Y EARS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall conduct not fewer than 2 lease sales area-wide under the oil and gas program under this section by not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) S
ALE ACREAGES ; SCHEDULE .— (i) A
CREAGES .—The Secretary shall offer for lease under the oil and gas program under this section— (I) not fewer than 400,000 acres area-wide in each lease sale; and (II) those areas that have the highest po-tential for the discovery of hydrocarbons. (ii) S
CHEDULE .—The Secretary shall offer— (I) the initial lease sale under the oil and gas program under this section not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act; and (II) a second lease sale under the oil and gas program under this section not later than 7 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) R
IGHTS -OF-WAY.—The Secretary shall issue any rights-of-way or easements across the Coastal Plain for the exploration, devel-opment, production, or transportation nec-essary to carry out this section. (3) S
URFACE DEVELOPMENT .—In admin-istering this section, the Secretary shall au-thorize up to 2,000 surface acres of Federal land on the Coastal Plain to be covered by production and support facilities (including airstrips and any area covered by gravel berms or piers for support of pipelines) dur-ing the term of the leases under the oil and gas program under this section. 
SEC. 20002. LIMITATIONS ON AMOUNT OF DIS-TRIBUTED QUALIFIED OUTER CON-TINENTAL SHELF REVENUES. 
Section 105(f)(1) of the Gulf of Mexico En-ergy Security Act of 2006 (43 U.S.C. 1331 note; Public Law 109–432) is amended by striking ‘‘exceed $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2055.’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘exceed— ‘‘(A) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2019; ‘‘(B) $650,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021; and ‘‘(C) $500,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2055.’’. 
SEC. 20003. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE DRAWDOWN AND SALE. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary of En-ergy shall draw down and sell from the Stra-tegic Petroleum Reserve 7,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the period of fiscal years 2026 through 2027. (2) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the gen-eral fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) E
MERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Sec-retary of Energy shall not draw down and sell crude oil under subsection (a) in a quan-tity that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under subsection (h) of section 161 of the Energy Policy and Con-servation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. (c) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Energy shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under subsection (a) after the date on which a total of $600,000,000 has been depos-ited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under that subsection. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.053 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7805 December 1, 2017 
SA 1856. Mr. MERKLEY proposed an amendment to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
On page 289, strike lines 17 through 19 
SA 1857. Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. M ORAN , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. B LUNT , Mr. L
EE, Mr. R ISCH, and Mr. S ASSE) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1618 pro-posed by Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. H
ATCH (for himself and Ms. M UR-
KOWSKI )) to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table; as fol-lows: 
Beginning on page 46, strike line 7 and all that follows through page 48, line 20 and in-sert the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026, this section shall be applied as provided in paragraphs (2) through (8). ‘‘(2) C
REDIT AMOUNT .—Subsection (a) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,000’ for ‘$1,000’. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In lieu of the amount de-termined under subsection (b)(2), the thresh-old amount shall be $500,000. ‘‘(4) P
ARTIAL CREDIT ALLOWED FOR CERTAIN  
OTHER DEPENDENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The credit determined under subsection (a) (after the application of paragraph (2)) shall be increased by $500 for each dependent of the taxpayer (as defined in section 152) other than a qualifying child de-scribed in subsection (c). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN NONCITIZENS .— Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with re-spect to any individual who would not be a dependent if subparagraph (A) of section 152(b)(3) were applied without regard to all that follows ‘resident of the United States’. ‘‘(5) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF REFUNDABLE  
CREDIT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied without regard to para-graphs (2) and (4) of this subsection. ‘‘(B) A
DJUSTMENT FOR INFLATION .—In the case of a taxable year beginning after 2017, subsection (d)(1)(A) shall be applied as if the $1,000 amount in subsection (a) were in-creased (but not to exceed the amount under paragraph (2) of this subsection) by an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(ii) the cost-of-living adjustment deter-mined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year in which the taxable year begins. Any increase determined under the preceding sentence shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $100. ‘‘(6) E
ARNED INCOME THRESHOLD FOR RE -
FUNDABLE CREDIT .—Subsection (d)(1)(B)(i) shall be applied by substituting ‘$2,500’ for ‘$3,000’. ‘‘(7) S
OCIAL SECURITY NUMBER REQUIRED .— No credit shall be allowed under subsection (d) to a taxpayer with respect to any quali-fying child unless the taxpayer includes the social security number of such child on the return of tax for the taxable year. For pur-poses of the preceding sentence, the term ‘so-cial security number’ means a social secu-rity number issued to an individual by the Social Security Administration, but only if the social security number is issued to a cit-izen of the United States or is issued pursu-ant to subclause (I) (or that portion of sub-clause (III) that relates to subclause (I)) of section 205(c)(2)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(8) CREDIT ALLOWED WITH RESPECT TO CER -
TAIN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘qualifying child’ for any such taxable year includes any child who is born and issued a social security number (as defined in paragraph (7)) before the due date for the return of tax (without regard to extensions) for the taxable year. ‘‘(B) D
OUBLE CREDIT IN CASE OF CHILDREN  
UNABLE TO CLAIM CREDIT .—In the case of any child born during a taxable year described in paragraph (1) who is not taken into account under subparagraph (A) for the taxable year immediately preceding the taxable year in which the child is born, the amount of the credit determined under this section with re-spect to such child for the taxable year of the child’s birth shall be increased by the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the credit determined under this section with respect to such child for the taxable year without regard to this subparagraph and subsection (d), or ‘‘(ii) the amount of the credit determined under subsection (d) with respect to such child for the taxable year.’’. 
SA 1858. Ms. BALDWIN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
Strike subsection (b) of section 11011. 
SA 1859. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11033. REPEAL OF DENIAL OF CREDIT FOR FELONY DRUG OFFENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25A(b)(2) is amended by striking subparagraph (D). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
SA 1860. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
At the end of subpart B of part V of sub-title A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 13417. HOMELESS YOUTH AND VETERANS WHO ARE FULL-TIME STUDENTS QUALIFIED FOR PURPOSES OF THE LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Clause (i) of section 42(i)(3)(D) is amended by redesignating sub-clauses (II) and (III) as subclauses (IV) and (V), respectively, and by inserting after sub-clause (I) the following new subclauses: ‘‘(II) a full-time student who, during any portion of the 7-year period ending with the commencement of such individual’s contin-uous occupation of any low-income unit or units, was an individual described in section 725(2) of the McKinney-Vento Homeless As-sistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a(2)), ‘‘(III) a full-time student who, during any portion of the 5-year period ending with the commencement of such individual’s contin-uous occupation of any low-income unit or units, was an individual described in section 2002(1) of title 38, United States Code,’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to deter-minations made before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1861.. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11033. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON PRE-SERVING THE TAX-FREE STATUS OF EMPLOYER-PROVIDED TUITION AS-SISTANCE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) employer-provided tuition assistance is a critical resource for workers seeking to improve job skills and strengthen the econ-omy, and (2) employer-provided tuition assistance should not be treated as taxable income. 
SA 1862. Mr. FRANKEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; which was ordered to lie on the table, as follows: 
At the end of part IV of subtitle A of title I, add the following: 
SEC. 11033. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON PRE-VENTING TAX INCREASES ON GRAD-UATE STUDENTS. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) tuition waivers for graduate students support critical research, education, and in-novation in the United States, and (2) tuition waivers for graduate students should not be treated as taxable income. f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Rachel McKinnon of my staff be granted floor privileges for the duration of the 115th Congress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 62ND ANNI-VERSARY OF THE DEDICATION OF WHITEMAN AIR FORCE BASE Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the Senate proceed to the immediate consideration of S. Res. 347, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 347) commemorating the 62nd anniversary of the dedication of Whiteman Air Force Base. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the resolution be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE6.051 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES7806 December 1, 2017 
agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be con-sidered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 347) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2017 Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it ad-journ until 3 p.m., Monday, December 4; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate proceed to executive session and resume consider-ation of the Nielsen nomination as under the previous order. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY DECEMBER 4, 2017, AT 3 P.M. Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come before the Senate, I ask unanimous consent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 2:06 a.m., adjourned until Monday, December 4, 2017, at 3 p.m. 
f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nominations received by the Senate: 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
PHYLLIS L. BAYER, OF MISSISSIPPI, TO BE AN ASSIST-ANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY, VICE DENNIS V. MCGINN. 
FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL  
THOMAS E. WORKMAN, OF NEW YORK, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE S. ROY WOODALL, JR., TERM EXPIRED. 
NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE  
ADMINISTRATION  
JEFFREY DEWIT, OF ARIZONA, TO BE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINIS-TRATION, VICE DAVID RADZANOWSKI. 
MORRIS K . UDALL AND STEWART L . UDALL  
FOUNDATION  
TADD M. JOHNSON, OF MINNESOTA, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EX-PIRING OCTOBER 6, 2022, VICE TERRENCE L. BRACY, TERM EXPIRED. LISA JOHNSON-BILLY, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING AUGUST 25, 2018, VICE DIANE HUMETEWA, RESIGNED. LISA JOHNSON-BILLY, OF OKLAHOMA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE MORRIS K. UDALL AND STEWART L. UDALL FOUNDATION FOR A TERM EXPIRING AUGUST 25, 2024. (REAPPOINTMENT) 
INTERNATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION  
AND DEVELOPMENT  
ERIK BETHEL, OF FLORIDA, TO BE UNITED STATES AL-TERNATE EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR OF THE INTER-NATIONAL BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOP-MENT FOR A TERM OF TWO YEARS, VICE SARA MARGALIT AVIEL, RESIGNED. DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
DAVID T. FISCHER, OF MICHIGAN, TO BE AMBASSADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE KINGDOM OF MO-ROCCO. 
EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND  
DEVELOPMENT  
JUDY LYNN SHELTON, OF VIRGINIA, TO BE UNITED STATES DIRECTOR OF THE EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECON-STRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT, VICE SCOTT ALLEN, RE-SIGNED. 
DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
JAMES EDWIN WILLIAMS, OF UTAH, TO BE CHIEF FI-NANCIAL OFFICER, DEPARTMENT OF LABOR, VICE JAMES L. TAYLOR. 
DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION  
MARK SCHNEIDER, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE DIRECTOR OF THE INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCE, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE JOHN Q. EASTON, TERM EXPIRED. 
CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  
SERVICE  
BARBARA STEWART, OF ILLINOIS, TO BE CHIEF EXECU-TIVE OFFICER OF THE CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE, VICE WENDY M. SPENCER, RESIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL, UNITED STATES AIR FORCE AND FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE SERVING AS THE JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 601 AND 8037: 
To be lieutenant general 
MAJ. GEN. JEFFERY A. ROCKWELL THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ARIANNE R. MORRISON THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
RICHARD A. HANRAHAN THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
ALECK A. BROWN JOHN D. RITTER THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be colonel 
AMBER N. PECONGA 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be major 
HEATHER M. LEE 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
SHARIF H. CALFEE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be captain 
JOHN A. MILLS THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
NICHOLAS H. STEGING, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE REGULAR NAVY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 531: 
To be lieutenant commander 
JONATHAN S. DURHAM 
FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION  
JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE A MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF SIX YEARS, VICE JEREMIAH O’HEAR NORTON, RESIGNED. JELENA MCWILLIAMS, OF OHIO, TO BE CHAIRPERSON OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS OF THE FEDERAL DE-POSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION FOR A TERM OF FIVE YEARS, VICE MARTIN J. GRUENBERG, TERM EXPIRED. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
MATTHEW D. HARRIS, OF UTAH, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JAMES ALFRED THOMPSON, TERM EXPIRED. TED G. KAMATCHUS, OF IOWA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF IOWA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE MICHAEL ROBERT BLADEL, TERM EXPIRED. JOSEPH P. KELLY, OF NEBRASKA, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEBRASKA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE DEBORAH K. R. GILG, RETIRED. JOSEPH D. MCCLAIN, OF INDIANA, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF IN-DIANA FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE KERRY JO-SEPH FORESTAL, RESIGNED. SCOTT W. MURRAY, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW HAMP-SHIRE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE EMILY GRAY RICE, RESIGNED. DAVID A. WEAVER, OF COLORADO, TO BE UNITED STATES MARSHAL FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLORADO FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE JOHN LEROY KAMMERZELL, TERM EXPIRED. DAVID C. WEISS, OF DELAWARE, TO BE UNITED STATES ATTORNEY FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE FOR THE TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE CHARLES M. OBERLY III, RE-SIGNED. 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MITCHEL NEUROCK THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. HUBERT C. HEGTVEDT BRIG. GEN. TIMOTHY P. KELLY BRIG. GEN. ALBERT V. LUPENSKI BRIG. GEN. SAMUEL C. MAHANEY BRIG. GEN. JOHN B. WILLIAMS 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate December 1, 2017: 
IN THE ARMY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT TO THE GRADE INDICATED IN THE UNITED STATES ARMY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DOUGLAS F. STITT 
IN THE NAVY  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 624: 
To be rear admiral (lower half) 
CAPT. MICHAEL E. BOYLE THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES NAVY TO THE GRADE INDICATED WHILE ASSIGNED TO A POSITION OF IMPORTANCE AND RESPONSIBILITY UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 601: 
To be vice admiral 
REAR ADM. LISA M. FRANCHETTI 
IN THE AIR FORCE  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ARTHUR E. JACKMAN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. JOSEF F. SCHMID III THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDI-CATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTION 12203: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. JOHN M. BREAZEALE COL. DAMON S. FELTMAN COL. ANNE B. GUNTER COL. SCHEID P. HODGES COL. RICHARD L. KEMBLE COL. TANYA R. KUBINEC COL. ERICH C. NOVAK 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 09:24 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G01DE6.101 S01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S7807 December 1, 2017 
COL. JEFFREY T. PENNINGTON COL. JOHN N. TREE COL. AARON G. VANGELISTI COL. WILLIAM W. WHITTENBERGER, JR. COL. CHRISTOPHER F. YANCY THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICER FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RE-SERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. DARLOW G. BOTHA, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. STEVEN J. DEMILLIANO COL. CHRISTOPHER E. FINERTY THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. MICHELE K. LAMONTAGNE COL. MICHAEL J. REGAN, JR. THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be brigadier general 
COL. TRAVIS K. ACHESON COL. BARRY A. BLANCHARD COL. MICHAEL A. BORKOWSKI COL. MICHAEL T. BUTLER COL. MICHAEL A. COOPER COL. MONIQUE J. DESPAIN COL. MATTHEW D. DINMORE COL. TERESA S. EDWARDS COL. EMMANUEL I. HALDOPOULOS COL. CHARLES G. JEFFRIES COL. GREGORY W. LAIR COL. JEFFREY W. MAGRAM COL. JAMES C. MCEACHEN COL. MAURICE M. MCKINNEY COL. SUELLEN OVERTON COL. GREGG A. PEREZ COL. MARK D. PIPER COL. JAMES P. ROWLETT COL. MICHAEL D. SPROUL COL. CHRISTAN L. STEWART COL. DAVID W. WALTER COL. TERRY L. WILLIAMS COL. SHANNA M. WOYAK COL. FRANK Y. YANG COL. JEFFREY D. YOUNG THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. ONDRA L. BERRY BRIG. GEN. SAMUEL W. BLACK BRIG. GEN. WILLIAM D. BUNCH BRIG. GEN. JOSEPH S. CHISOLM BRIG. GEN. THOMAS B. CUCCHI BRIG. GEN. GARY L. EBBEN BRIG. GEN. JERRY L. FENWICK BRIG. GEN. DAWN M. FERRELL BRIG. GEN. THOMAS J. KENNETT BRIG. GEN. ERIC W. MANN BRIG. GEN. EDWARD A. SAULEY III BRIG. GEN. DEAN A. TREMPS THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. GEORGE M. DEGNON BRIG. GEN. TAMHRA L. HUTCHINS-FRYE BRIG. GEN. SHERRIE L. MCCANDLESS BRIG. GEN. STEVEN NORDHAUS BRIG. GEN. KIRK S. PIERCE BRIG. GEN. FRANK H. STOKES BRIG. GEN. BRADLEY A. SWANSON BRIG. GEN. THOMAS K. WARK THE FOLLOWING NAMED AIR NATIONAL GUARD OF THE UNITED STATES OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE RESERVE OF THE AIR FORCE TO THE GRADE INDICATED UNDER TITLE 10, U.S.C., SECTIONS 12203 AND 12212: 
To be major general 
BRIG. GEN. DOUGLAS A. FARNHAM BRIG. GEN. CLAY L. GARRISON AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DANE V. CAMPBELL AND ENDING WITH RICHARD L. WOODRUFF, JR., WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SEN-ATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON SEPTEMBER 5, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH JOSEPH BENJAMIN AHLERS AND ENDING WITH TRENTON M. WHITE, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ERIKA R. WOODSON, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF MICHAEL S. STROUD, TO BE MAJOR. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH LANCE A. AIUMOPAS AND ENDING WITH TARA L. VILLENA, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2017. AIR FORCE NOMINATION OF ROBERT SARLAY, JR., TO BE COLONEL. AIR FORCE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH RICHARD G. ADAMS AND ENDING WITH JOSEPH F. ZINGARO, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 16, 2017. IN THE ARMY  
ARMY NOMINATION OF ASHLEY R. SELLERS, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF ELIAS M. CHELALA, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF CATHLEEN A. LABATE, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH REBECCA J. COOPER AND ENDING WITH MATTHEW L. DANIELS, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON OC-TOBER 16, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF BRANTLEY J. COMBS, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH MARK E. QUERY AND ENDING WITH SAMUEL H. TAHK, WHICH NOMINA-TIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON NOVEMBER 14, 2017. ARMY NOMINATION OF VICTOR A. PACHECOFOWLER, TO BE LIEUTENANT COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JAMES M. BRUMIT, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF MELVIN J. NICKELL, TO BE COLONEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ERICA L. HERZOG, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF ADAM W. VANEK, TO BE COLO-NEL. ARMY NOMINATION OF JASON PARK, TO BE MAJOR. ARMY NOMINATION OF JOHN T. HUCKABAY, TO BE MAJOR. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:48 Mar 27, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\RECORD17\DECEMBER\S01DE7.REC S01DE7
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1631 December 1, 2017 
CONGRATULATIONS TO STEVE AND DONNA KRAUS ON 50 YEARS OF MARRIAGE 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise to con-gratulate Steve and Donna Kraus on 50 years of marriage. Longtime Southern California residents, Steve and Donna have contributed immeasurably to their community. Steve was a 21-year-old signalman aboard the USS Frank E Evans on June 2, 1969 when it collided with an Australian vessel off the coast of Vietnam. While Steve was able to escape, 74 sailors lost their lives. In the years since that terrible day, Steve and Donna have become leaders in the USS Frank E Evans Association, with Steve serving as Chairman and President and Donna as Treasurer. The Evans Association has organized the survivors of the disaster and their families, as well as the loved ones of those who lost. They have advocated that their sacrifice be fully and properly recognized, including through inclu-sion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial. In working closely with the Evans Association to secure that long overdue recognition, I have been deeply impressed by Steve and Donna’s hard work and advocacy, and all they have done to keep the memories of Evans Sailors alive. I thank Steve and Donna for their service. Happy anniversary, and I wish them many more years of happiness and health. 
f 
HONORING REGINALD F. LEWIS 
HON. ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, deeply em-bedded in our character as Americans is the vision that ours should be a nation that offers opportunity to all of our people. Even as we continue to work toward making this shared aspiration a reality, we must also recognize that the pathways to a better life are far more difficult for far too many of our citizens. This is why I addressed my colleagues on December 1. I rose on the floor of the House to celebrate a milestone in our nation’s finan-cial history. I spoke of an event 30 years ago when Reginald Francis Lewis tore down long-stand-ing social and political stereotypes in our na-tion’s financial industry. On November 30 and December 1 in 1987, Mr. Lewis negotiated the $985 million lever-aged buyout of Beatrice International Foods— a transaction that was heard in financial cir-cles around the world. At the time, this was the largest offshore transaction in the country—a breakthrough moment orchestrated by a son of Baltimore, who became the first African-American, billion- dollar business tycoon. The 30th anniversary of this step toward re-alizing our dream of universal economic op-portunity deserves celebration both for all that it accomplished and as a reminder of the chal-lenges that we have yet to overcome. Mr. Lewis’ acquisition led to the founding of TLC Beatrice International Holdings, Inc., the first African-American owned enterprise to break through the billion-dollar mark when it grossed $1.8 billion in sales during its first year. That landmark, in turn, helped to change the landscape of American business forever, pav-ing the way for more Americans of Color to succeed in the billion-dollar-business league. This, however, is only the most apparent reason that I rose in the House to celebrate that moment. Equally important, I reminded my colleagues that Mr. Lewis’ character as a human being of African heritage is more representative of our character and ambitions than the negative stereotypes that continue to present barriers to success in our country. Reginald Lewis was not an overnight suc-cess, as many of his peers and family would point out. Even as a young person growing up in Balti-more, Mr. Lewis developed a strong work ethic and showed great ambition. His passion to succeed carried him from Baltimore to Vir-ginia State University and Harvard Law School. Although he ‘‘mastered the art of the deal,’’ he did so with integrity and tenacity. This was the man I was fortunate to call my friend, and his untimely death in 1993 left a void in our nation’s financial industry that is palpable today. Because of his success in business, the doors to economic opportunity have opened somewhat for other young Americans of color, who now are inspired to dream as big as Reginald F. Lewis dreamed—and to ‘‘keep on going, no matter what’’—until they achieve their own visions for themselves and their communities. Today, Reginald’s name will forever be re-membered in our hometown of Baltimore through the Reginald F. Lewis Museum of Maryland African American History and Cul-ture, and highlights of his life are also perma-nently displayed at the Smithsonian National African American Museum of History and Cul-ture. Before Mr. Lewis died, he gave back to the institution that gave him the tools he needed to change Wall Street: as a testament to his generosity, The Reginald F. Lewis Inter-national Law Center stands at Harvard Law School. To carry on his spirit of philanthropy and his belief that a good education is key to one’s success, the Lewis family has continued to ‘‘give back’’ to our society. They created the Reginald F. Lewis Foun-dation, and partnered with others to create the Reginald F. Lewis High School of Business & Law in Baltimore, the Reginald F. Lewis Col-lege of Business at Virginia State University, and The Lewis College in Sorsogon City, Phil-ippines, his widow’s hometown. In loving memory of their father, his daugh-ters continue to make lasting contributions to American society. For example, Leslie Lewis was recently rec-ognized for her moving one-woman show called ‘‘Miracle In Rwanda,’’ based on a true story of surviving violence, overcoming odds and the power of forgiveness. Christina Lewis- Halpern founded All Star Code, a not-for-profit organization that seeks to equip young men of color with the tools they need to become a new generation of entrepreneurs, who will cre-ate even broader economic opportunity for us all. By breaking a barrier in American business, Reginald Lewis also affirmed our core values of diversity, equality, and the liberty to pursue happiness—values that transcend color and race, nationality and gender. As Americans, we all have good reason to rejoice in the successes of our sons and daughters. They will continue to perfect us as a nation and celebrate us as a great people. f 
HONORING LISA SWEENEY 
HON. DANIEL M. DONOVAN, JR. 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the remarkable and honorable ac-tions of Staten Island’s Lisa Sweeney. As a letter carrier for the U.S. Postal Serv-ice for 30 years, Lisa Sweeney is devoted to doing her job well. For the past thirteen years on the job, she has been delivering mail on the same route in the Westerleigh section of Staten Island. She does not simply deliver mail, but makes an effort to know everyone on her mail route. Her selflessness was on full display on August 7, 2017, when Lisa’s com-passion saved a life. Marie Boyer, a senior citizen on Lisa Sweeney’s route, had fallen four days prior and was not able to get up on her own. Ms. Boyer did not have access to food or water and therefore, would not be able to survive without assistance. However, Lisa had fo-cused on knowing the patterns and tendencies of each person along her mail route through-out her entire career. She was able to identify that there was a problem when old mail had collected in her mailbox and her trash cans were still on the street, leading her to contact the police. Her thoughtfulness was thankfully enough to save the life of Ms. Boyer, who would have died had it not been for Lisa’s ac-tions. Mr. Speaker, I would like to commend Lisa Sweeney not only for her actions on that day, but also for her long career of caring about her job and the people of Staten Island. This dedication makes a positive impact on their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.001 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1632 December 1, 2017 
lives, proven through the quick thinking that saved Marie Boyer’s life. She has truly proven to be a role model and the true essence of a model citizen. 
f 
CONGRATULATING THE LATINA LEADERSHIP INSTITUTE IN SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 
HON. LAMAR SMITH 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the Latina Leadership In-stitute (LLI) in San Antonio, Texas, for the good work they are doing in San Antonio to train, educate, and encourage the next gen-eration of Hispanic women who aspire to pub-lic office. LLI’s mission is to increase the number and influence of Hispanic Women in elected and appointed office positions in the United States. This is a noble and worthwhile mission and I am proud that this organization is located in my hometown of San Antonio. The LLI program is highly personalized to each woman’s individual goals and endeavors. Program participants are encouraged to get outside their comfort zones and build key leadership skills and experiences that will equip them for public office in the future. It is an excellent model for other cities around the country to emulate as they seek to elevate young women into political leadership roles. The local governments of San Antonio and Texas, as well as the federal government, will benefit from the aspiring leaders being trained and encouraged by the Latina Leadership In-stitute. 
f 
NDAA SUPPORTS GOLD STAR WIDOWS 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, as Chairman of the House Armed Services Readiness Subcommittee and a conferee for the FY2018 National Defense Authorization Act, I am grateful for the continued support of Gold Star Widows included in the FY2018 NDAA. The bill includes a permanent exten-sion of the Special Survivor Indemnity Allow-ance under the Survivor Benefit Plan. The more than 60,000 Americans whose spouses died either on active duty or during retirement will continue to receive $310 per month plus a Cost of Living Allowance indefinitely. My pred-ecessor, the late Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Floyd Spence, championed this kind of relief for our military families, and I have continued that fight be-cause our military personnel risk their lives to defend our nation and they should be able to trust that the benefits they designate for their spouses and families will always be there. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. BETO O’ROURKE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent from the Chamber on Mon-day, November 13. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 623, 624, and 625. 
f 
CELEBRATING 36 YEARS OF DIS-TINGUISHED SERVICE—KEITH S. PARKER 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the retirement of Keith S. Parker—public servant, fierce education advo-cate, public servant, and community leader, after 36 years of service. Keith began his career with the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) in 1981 and has held numerous positions since that time including Senior Consultant in the Staff Affirm-ative Action Officer, Staff Affirmative Action Officer, and Executive Officer in the Adminis-trative Services division. He has held the posi-tion of Assistant Vice Chancellor, Government & Community Relations since 1998 and has devoted his career to advocating for important issues for UCLA. Keith is the true embodiment of a public servant. During his impressive career that spans over three-and-a-half decades, he has worked on many important issues affecting students and faculty, including building relationships with community leaders, organizations, and elected officials at the local, state and federal government throughout the Greater Los Ange-les area, integrating community service projects into advocacy activities, and UC sys-temwide Advocacy Days in Los Angeles and Washington, D.C. Prior to his service with UCLA, Keith worked at the Minnesota Department of Education in the area of staff development and as an In-structor in the Afro-America Studies Depart-ment at the University of Minnesota. Keith has truly been a champion for UCLA and has de-voted his life to helping others and the greater Los Angeles community. UCLA has been extremely fortunate to ben-efit from his experience, leadership and kind-ness. I ask my colleagues to join me in cele-brating Keith’s 36 years of distinguished serv-ice to the University of California, Los Angeles and wish him peace, happiness, and joy in his retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN K. DELANEY 
OF MARYLAND  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote on Roll Call No. 646, No. 647, No. 648, and No. 649. Had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 646, I would have voted AYE; had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 647, I would have voted AYE; had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 648, I would have voted NO; and had I been present to vote on Roll Call No. 649, I would have voted YEA. f 
BICENTENNIAL OF PERRY COUNTY, OHIO 
HON. STEVE STIVERS 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of the people of Ohio’s 15th Congres-sional District to recognize the bicentennial of Perry County, Ohio. Since German settlers first made their way to Southeastern Ohio from Pennsylvania, Perry County has exempli-fied many of our nation’s core values. From its foundation, Perry County has pre-served our proud tradition of military service, its first residents choosing to name the area for Oliver H. Perry, a hero of the War of 1812. Today, there are over 2,700 veterans living in Perry County, all of whom have made tremen-dous sacrifices to preserve our freedoms. For the past 200 years, the overwhelming characteristic of the people of Perry County is the compassion they hold for one another and their determination to do what is right and just. In the 191h century, residents worked dili-gently in support of the Underground Railroad. Today, the people of Perry County refuse to have their communities destroyed by the opioid epidemic, and are uniting to support their neighbors and find paths to healthy, pro-ductive lives. Much like the kindness of its citizens, the natural beauty of Perry County is unparalleled. From the picturesque landmark of Buckeye Lake, to the foothills of the Appalachian Moun-tains, there is a steep appreciation for the sce-nic landscape of the County, as described in Clement L. Martzolff’s poem, ‘‘The Beauty of Our Hills.’’ 
There is beauty in these hills of ours for him with eyes to see; There is beauty smiling at us from the mead-ows broad and free; There is beauty in the woodlands; there is beauty ’long the brooks; There’s beauty in the violet light as it gleams through leafy nooks. And a beauty out of heaven over all the land-scape rills When the sun shines down upon these Perry county hills. 
Today, Perry County remains a beautiful place to work, live, and raise a family. I am grateful for the leadership of the County Com-missioners, James O’Brien, Ben Carpenter, and Dave Freriks, and all of the neighbors and friends who have maintained Perry County’s beauty and history. I am honored to represent this county, where community, faith, and freedom are cele-brated not just in recognition of the 200th an-niversary of its founding, but each and every day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K01DE8.003 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1633 December 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) MELVIN LEE HENLEY, JR. 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi soldier Army Specialist (SPC) Melvin Lee Hen-ley, Jr. who gave his life while in service to our nation on November 21, 2007, during Op-eration Iraqi Freedom. SPC Henley died at Camp Striker in Baghdad, Iraq of injuries sus-tained in a non-combat related incident. SPC Henley was assigned to the 603rd Aviation Support Battalion, 3rd Combat Aviation Bri-gade, 3rd Infantry Division, Fort Stewart, Georgia. SPC Henley, a Jackson, Mississippi native, joined the U.S. Army after graduating from Provine High School in 1999. According to the Associated Press, he was among the top 10 students in his class. George Watkins, SPC Henley’s uncle, said his nephew always wanted to be a soldier. ‘‘He wanted to make a difference in other peo-ple’s lives,’’ Mr. Watkins said. ‘‘He had other relatives who had done the same. His grand-father fought in World War II, so he was fol-lowing in those footsteps.’’ Amber Henley, SPC Henley’s wife, said they were married less than two years when her husband was assigned to Fort Stewart. Three months later, SPC Henley received his deploy-ment orders. ‘‘He hated to be away from us,’’ Mrs. Henley said. ‘‘We were everything to each other.’’ SPC Henley previously served one tour of duty in Iraq from November 2003 to November 2004. In 2008, seven fallen soldiers were honored at a tree dedication ceremony held at Cotrell Field, Fort Stewart, Georgia. Members of the 92nd Engineer Battalion, 3rd Sustainment Bri-gade, 3rd Infantry Division planted an Eastern Redbud tree along Warriors Walk to honor the soldiers who have died fighting in America’s global war on terrorism. SPC Henley was one of the soldiers honored at the ceremony. SPC Henley was awarded the Army Good Conduct Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Iraq Campaign Medal, the Global War on Terrorism (Service) Medal, the Army Service Ribbon, and the Army Overseas Serv-ice Ribbon. SPC Henley is survived by his mother, Maria Marquis; his wife, Amber Henley; and his uncle, George Watkins. SPC Henley proudly served America and fought to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE IMPACTFUL CAREER OF ED BONACH 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Ed Bonach’s retire-ment from an illustrious business career. Ed is a native of Minnesota who went to St. John’s College, an all-male Catholic college in Collegeville, Minnesota. Ed has had a 41-year career in life and health insurance, and most recently served as chief executive officer of CNO Financial in Carmel, Indiana. Ed joined CNO Financial Group as Chief Financial Offi-cer in 2007 from National Life Group, where he served as executive vice president and chief financial officer. Upon Ed’s arrival, CNO Financial found itself in a time of severe economic struggle. Following the recession, CNO stock had plum-meted to under 30 cents a share. Today, CNO stock trades at more than $25 dollars a share. Additionally, in his time at CNO Financial, the company saw enhanced shareholder value, extended customer reach, and delivered strong financial and operational performance. Specifically, Ed oversaw 17 ratings upgrades as CEO/CFO, a total shareholder return of over 350 percent, increased gender and ethnic diversity to the board at CNO Financial, and the implementation of a common stock divi-dend in 2012, which resulted in five subse-quent increases. Ed’s professional accomplishments are sec-ond only to his positive influence on our com-munity. After relocating to Carmel from Vermont, he immediately set out to find orga-nizations to support—along the way making connections with key community leaders to re-assure them about the company’s future and make himself accessible. Specific achieve-ments include helping launch the Boys Scout’s Growing Future Leaders capital campaign to fundraise for scouting and using the CNO Indy Monumental Marathon as a pipeline for shoe donations to the Boy Scouts’s Soles 4 Souls program for needy children. Ed also served as Board and Executive Committee Member for Greater Indianapolis Chamber of Commerce, Board Member and President of Boy Scouts of America—Crossroads of America Council, and a Board Member for Marion University to name a few. CNO Financial prides itself on being a val-ued financial security partner of middle-income America, and Ed embodied that to the fullest. He understood that he didn’t just oversee an insurance company, he and the thousands of employees at CNO Financial provided clients and their families services and products that provide peace of mind. I want to extend my best wishes to Ed, his wife of 40 years, Peggy, his two children, and five grandchildren on this next step in their lives. On behalf of all Hoosiers, I thank Ed for his professional con-tributions as well as his exemplary service and leadership in our community. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I was un-available and missed Roll Call Vote 647. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY of Roll Call No. 647. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call vote 642 on Thursday, November 30, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call vote 642. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 90TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE METHODIST DALLAS MEDICAL CENTER 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the Methodist Dal-las Medical Center for its 90 years of service in the Dallas community. The medical services provided by the United Methodist Church in the greater North Texas region have played a major role as our community continues to grow. In 1924, a group of Methodist ministers and civic leaders came together to bring quality healthcare to the city of Dallas. With the help of many donations from the Methodist Church, local congregations, and others, the Methodist Dallas Medical Center, a 100-bed facility, was opened in 1927. The hospital persevered through the Great Depression and started to thrive in the middle of the century. The construction of new facili-ties, including a three-story student nurse’s residence provided classroom space for nurs-ing education and community programs. Addi-tionally, the hospital itself grew to include 420 beds, expanding to more than four times its original size. In 1995, Methodist hospitals expanded to opening the Family Health Centers. Currently there are 24 centers located across north Texas including locations in Arlington, Cedar Hill, Grand Prairie, Mansfield, Midlothian, Rich-ardson, Waxahachie, and Wylie. The Methodist Dallas Medical Center is now the main teaching and referral center for the Methodist Health System and one of the lead-ing teaching and referral hospitals in all of Texas. The Medical Center now features 585 beds and 250 physicians that specialize in more than 60 medical specialties. It has been recognized among the top performers on key quality measures by The Joint Commission because of its evidence-based clinical proc-esses that have been shown to improve care for heart attack, heart failure, pneumonia, and strokes. Its presence in the community is grounded in faith, and the hospital’s ties to the United Methodist Church is strengthened by the pres-ence of Methodist ministers and church mem-bers on governing boards, and its commitment to pastoral education, 24-hour chaplain serv-ices, and health ministries at local churches. Additionally, its wide variety of outreach activi-ties, including mobile health screenings and local clinics help bring its services even closer to the community. I want to recognize the Methodist Health System, specifically the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.006 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1634 December 1, 2017 
Methodist Dallas Medical Center, for its re-markable service to the Dallas community by improving the community’s member’s health and well-being. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN ARMY SPECIALIST (SPC) JAVIER ANTONIO VILLANUEVA 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Army Spe-cialist (SPC) Javier Antonio Villanueva who gave his life while in service to our nation on November 24, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SPC Villanueva died from injuries he sustained when an improvised explosive device detonated near his dismounted patrol during combat operations in Hit, Iraq. SPC Villanueva was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 11th Armored Cavalry Regiment, Fort Irwin, California, while serving with the 155th Ar-mored Brigade Combat Team from Mis-sissippi. According to the Associated Press, SPC Villanueva, a Waco, Texas native, graduated in 1998 from La Vega High School. He then attended Texas State Technical College for two years. In 2003, SPC Villanueva married his wife, Felicia Owens, in Temple, Texas. Later that year, he joined the U.S. Army. SPC Villanueva received advanced individual train-ing as a 91W (healthcare specialist) at Fort Sam Houston in Texas. His first duty station was Fort Irwin, California. SPC Villanueva was assigned to Iraq in January 2005 as a combat medic. Taliyah Villanueva, SPC Villanueva’s daugh-ter, posted a tribute to her dad on a memorial website. ‘‘I love you with all my heart,’’ Taliyah said. ‘‘I wish you were here right now because I would get to see you every day of my life. Even if you are in heaven, I still can see you, me and my mommy together as a family. We love you.’’ Felicia Villanueva, SPC Villanueva’s wife, also posted a tribute on the memorial website. ‘‘I can’t put into words the pain I feel,’’ Mrs. Villanueva said. ‘‘I hurt every day I look at your daughter’s face and I see you. I find myself in a daze at times because I day-dream of the past and I wonder what we would have been like in the future. I miss you so much, and I will always love you. Until we meet again, continue to guide me in the path of success.’’ When former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger learned of SPC Villanueva’s death in Iraq, he ordered all state capitol flags to be flown at half-staff. In 2007, President George W. Bush paid tribute to SPC Villanueva’s sacrifice during the Fallen Soldier Memorial Ceremony at the American Legion Post and Unit 121 in Waco, Texas. SPC Villanueva is survived by his parents, Wilfredo Rivera and Christine Lebron; his wife, Felicia Villanueva; and his daughter, Taliyah Ann Villanueva. SPC Villanueva proudly served America and gave his life so others could be free. AUGUST ‘‘GUS’’ SCHUMACHER HON. MARCY KAPTUR 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD a biography and list of accomplish-ments of August ‘‘Gus’’ Schumacher. Addition-ally, I include a copy of the Washington Post obituary article of Mr. Schumacher. 
AUGUST ‘‘GUS’’ SCHUMACHER —BIOGRAPHY AND  A
CCOMPLISHMENTS : (D EC. 4, 1939–S EPT. 24, 2017) 
BIOGRAPHICAL  August Schumacher Jr. was born in Lin-coln, Mass., on Dec. 4, 1939. —Fourth-generation farmer. —His father was one of the largest parsnip growers in Massachusetts. —Gus grew up on a farm in Lexington, Massachusetts. —His grandfather and great-grandfather were farmers in New York City. —They grew winter vegetables in glass-en-closed hothouses. Schumacher graduated from Harvard Uni-versity in 1961 and attended the London School of Economics. 
ACCORDING TO JOEL BERG , CEO OF HUNGER FREE  
AMERICA  ‘‘I had the high honor of working with, and learning from, Gus at USDA during the Clin-ton Administration. He was a giant who al-ways pushed the envelope to get better pro-grams and more social justice, across Amer-ica and the globe. He was a driving force in creating the first federal program to enable seniors to obtain extra produce at farmers’ markets. He was also the spark for the Dole- McGovern program, through which the U.S. enabled developing countries to start school meals program. When the stakes were high for people in need, Gus didn’t take ‘no’—even repeatedly—for an answer. He kept pushing for new ways to get bureaucracies to aid peo-ple in need. Perhaps his most important leg-acy was pioneering ways to reduce hunger and aid community food systems and, at the same time, transcending the stale debate over whether we should focus on just one of those goals. After leaving government serv-ice, he could have taken a well-earned retire-ment. Instead he upped his work to make fresh, healthy food affordable and available for everyone. As a person, he will be deeply missed. But his legacy has improved the world forever.’’ 
WORLD BANK  Took a job in the mid-1960s as a food project manager and agriculture develop-ment officer for the World Bank. He spent the next two decades concen-trating on technical appraisals for agricul-tural-related loans in countries including China, Egypt, Kenya, Tanzania, and Uganda. Developed livestock operations in western Brazil, lent assistance to herders in Kenya and projects in the Kosovo Province of what was then Yugoslavia. After more than five years as agriculture commissioner, he returned to the World Bank to help restructure the farm sector in Central Europe after the breakup of the So-viet Union. 
COMMISSIONER OF FOOD AND AGRICULTURE FOR  
MASSACHUSETTS  Between 1984 and 1990 when Mr. Schumacher was agriculture chief for Massa-chusetts, he created market coupon pro-grams for seniors and low-income families with children. Also served as the Massachusetts commis-sioner of food and agriculture; he was ap-pointed agriculture commissioner in Massa-chusetts by Governor Michael Dukakis. In 1992, Sen. John Kerry and Rep. Chet At-kins, of Massachusetts, authorized the WIC Farmers Market Nutrition Program into the federal budget, and today it is a almost a $6 billion program that allows every WIC moth-er and child to get vouchers for fresh produce at farmers markets and supermarkets. Gus raised $17,000 from the state and the Chiles Foundation to create a Massachusetts pilot program that gave $10 worth of produce coupons to WIC recipients to use at area farmers markets. USDA UNDERSECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE  USDA undersecretary of agriculture for farm and foreign agricultural services from 1997 to 2001. Gus found that the commodity Credit Cor-poration Charter Act of 1935’s (CCC) stated purpose was the ‘‘promotion and marketing of American agricultural products,’’ not just large commodity crops. Gus told the USDA lawyers that he wanted to create a market nutrition program for seniors using the au-thority of the CCC. ‘‘They looked at me like I just jumped off the fifth floor,’’ he recalled. ‘‘They said, no, that’s not normal. I said, guys, it doesn’t say wheat, corn, and cotton. ‘Just write me a memo so I don’t get in-dicted’’’. In 2000, the program began with $10 million in funding, and is now funded at $22 million annually. In 1997 he became U.S. Undersecretary for Farm, Foreign, and Agricultural Services in the Clinton Administration, and he wanted to try to install a program for low-income seniors at the federal level like the WIC Mar-ket Nutrition Program. On his watch the state Agriculture Depart-ment launched ‘‘The Fresh Connection,’’ a newsletter and free service that listed the sources and seasonal availability of foods. 
SENIOR ADVISOR —WORLD BANK  Schumacher directed World Bank teams involved in major agricultural and forest sector re-structuring of post-Communist Po-land. Project funding of $450 million was dis-bursed under Poland Agricultural Sector Ad-justment Loan ($300 million) and Forest De-velopment Project ($150 million). He also led teams that developed the first Global Envi-ronment Fund (GEF). Which also produced four other successful GEF biodiversity pro-tection projects in Slovakia, Czech Republic, Belarus and Ukraine. 
WHOLESOME WAVE (WW)  Since 2008 he had served as founding board chairman of Wholesome Wave in Bridgeport, Conn., which seeks to increase access to af-fordable, locally grown fruits and vegetables. In 2012, Wholesome Wave funding jumped to $2.38 million for 306 markets and 54 part-ners in 24 states and D.C.—money WW uses to match the SNAP benefits that farmers markets would receive were they able to reg-ister themselves for EBT card use. Unlike now-defunct paper vouchers, EBT cards can-not be used at many farmers markets; most lack the equipment to process EBT pur-chases. Due to this, by 2004, SNAP spending at farmers markets had plummeted to $2 million annually, from $82 million in 1990. In order to accept electronic benefits, a re-tailer—whether it was a grocery store or a farmers market—needed authorization from the USDA’s Food and Nutrition Service (FNS), which authorization is hard for small businesses like farmers markets to receive. However, this authorization is recognized for its success in preventing EBT voucher fraud. WW circumvents this bureaucracy by using the aforementioned funds to create a match program for farmers markets similar to that used by the government through the SNAP program. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.010 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1635 December 1, 2017 
SEMI-OFFICIAL  In California, non-profit Roots of Change, with grant writing assistance from Gus for $1,500,000 for marketing support of incen-tives, launched a program called Market Match. The simultaneous appearance—and success—of double-your money markets drew national media and grant-makers’ attention and laid the foundation for rapid expansion. By 2009, Wholesome Wave granted $330,000, up from just $38,000 the year before, to shop-pers at 40 farmers markets in 10 states plus the District of Columbia. Over the years, he wrote books and journal articles, and taught agribusiness as a vis-iting scholar at Harvard Business School. In 2007, Schumacher, along with Cathy Bertini, former Director of the World Food Programme and Professor Robert Thompson, Gardner Professor of Agricultural Economics at Illinois, oversaw the preparation of the Task Force Report of the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, titled ‘‘Modernizing Amer-ica’s Food and Farm Policy: Vision for a New Direction’’. In 2013, Mr. Schumacher received the James Beard Foundation’s Leadership Award for ‘‘his lifelong efforts to improve access to fresh local food in underserved commu-nities.’’ In Boston, the Globe wrote about a time several years ago when Mr. Schumacher, din-ing out at tony Hamersley’s Bistro, sat down at a table, reached into a brown paper bag and pulled out a shiny, ripe red tomato. He asked for a serrated knife, olive oil and a plate, then proceeded to make himself a salad. ‘‘Who’s this guy who’s making his own salad?’’ chef-owner Gordon Hamersley want-ed to know. His own tomatoes came from California. Where had Mr. Schumacher’s come from? ‘‘Twenty minutes from your doorstep,’’ Mr. Schumacher said. 
MISCELLANEOUS  He chastised breakfast diners for serving English jellies instead of American ones. Mr. Schumacher made personal deliveries of Asian greens that included pea tendrils, Chinese chive blossoms and Cambodian spearmint to the Washington restaurant TenPenh. For fun, Mr. Schumacher restored cider mills. Schumacher was a member of the 21st Na-tional Academy of Sciences. [From The Washington Post, Sept. 27] G
USSCHUMACHER , AFORCE IN THE FARM-TO- T
ABLE MOVEMENT , DIES AT 77 (By Bart Barnes) Gus Schumacher, a fourth-generation farmer and third-ranking official at the Ag-riculture Department, told the story of his epiphany about food hundreds of times. It was the end of a summer afternoon in 1980 at a farmers market in Boston, and he was helping his brother load up his truck with unsold produce grown on their family property in Lexington, Mass. The bottom fell out of a box of pears, scattering the fruit into the gutter. There, a young mother with two little boys eagerly gathered them into the folds of her unhemmed shirt. She was a single mom, she explained, dependent on food stamps, which back then made fresh fruit and vegetables prohibitively expensive for her. The pear spill was a bonanza. For Mr. Schumacher, he would say later, it was a seminal moment in his life. He grew up on a farm, and it had never occurred to him that parents would find it hard to provide their children with fresh fruit and vegeta-bles. He would change it, he told himself. Mr. Schumacher—who in a 50-year career also served as the Massachusetts commis-sioner of food and agriculture, a food project manager and agriculture development officer for the World Bank and finally a co-founder of a nonprofit group that tries to improve af-fordable access to fresh, locally grown food— died Sept. 24 at his home in Washington. The cause was an apparent heart attack, said his wife, Susan Holaday Schumacher. He was 77. Since that farmers-market epiphany, Mr. Schumacher helped make food assistance programs more generous in allowances for fresh fruit and vegetables. He also became a force in the farm-to-table movement, en-couraging restaurants and retail stores to buy produce locally. In 2013, Mr. Schumacher received the James Beard Foundation’s Leadership Award for ‘‘his lifelong efforts to improve access to fresh local food in underserved commu-nities.’’ In Boston, the Globe wrote about a time several years ago when Mr. Schumacher, din-ing out at tony Hamersley’s Bistro, sat down at a table, reached into a brown paper bag and pulled out a shiny, ripe red tomato. He asked for a serrated knife, olive oil and a plate, then proceeded to make himself a salad. ‘‘Who’s this guy who’s making his own salad?’’ chef-owner Gordon Hamersley want-ed to know. His own tomatoes came from California. Where had Mr. Schumacher’s come from? ‘‘Twenty minutes from your doorstep,’’ Mr. Schumacher said. That scene, or a version of it, would play over and over again between 1984 and 1990 when Mr. Schumacher was agriculture chief for Massachusetts. He was always asking chefs whether they knew any farmers who could supply them food directly. He created market coupon programs for seniors and low- income families with children. He chastised breakfast diners for serving English jellies instead of American ones. ‘‘Gus was instrumental in bringing two seemingly obvious groups together who never talked to each other—chefs and farm-ers,’’ Hamersley told the Globe. ‘‘He’s basi-cally the architect of chefs featuring locally grown produce. As always, there was a team of people with him, but he was sitting in the chair.’’ The Washington Post reported on Mr. Schumacher’s work with refugee and immi-grant farmers all over the United States. He encouraged them to grow and market their native vegetables, such as amaranth. From New England, the New York Times reported, Mr. Schumacher made personal deliveries of Asian greens that included pea tendrils, Chi-nese chive blossoms and Cambodian spear-mint to the Washington restaurant TenPenh. August Schumacher Jr. was born in Lin-coln, Mass., on Dec. 4, 1939. He grew up on a farm in Lexington, and his father was one of the largest parsnip growers in Massachu-setts. His grandfather and great-grandfather were farmers in New York City. They grew winter vegetables in glass-enclosed hot-houses. Mr. Schumacher graduated from Harvard University in 1961 and attended the London School of Economics. Over his career, he had a variety of consultancies, served as Massachusetts agri-culture chief from 1984 to 1990 and was the USDA undersecretary of agriculture for farm and foreign agricultural services from 1997 to 2001. Since 2008 he had served as founding board chairman of Wholesome Wave in Bridgeport, Conn., which seeks to increase access to af-fordable, locally grown fruits and vegetables. His first marriage, to Barbara Kerstetter, ended in divorce. Survivors include his wife of 25 years, Susan Holaday Schumacher of Washington; a stepdaughter, Valarie Karasz of Brooklyn; and two grandchildren. A step-son, Andrew Karasz, died earlier this month. f HONORING THA YING XIONG 
HON. SEAN P. DUFFY 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an incredible young man, Tha Ying Xiong of Weston, Wisconsin, and congratulate him on receiving this year’s Paul Bunyan’s ‘‘larger than life’’ award. Paul Bunyan, with his trusty blue ox, Babe, was a larger-than-life fig-ure in Wisconsin. And through his dedicated work in the Wausau region community, Tha Ying certainly exemplifies the term ‘‘larger than life.’’ Tha Ying serves his community as a member of the Help Making Our Next Gen-eration (H.M.O.N.G.) Youth Program, a mem-ber of the ReUnited Dance Group, coordinator for the first Mr. Hmong Royalty competition, and has spent countless hours on behalf of the Hmong American Center fundraising and helping to fulfill the day-to-day operations that every organization needs to thrive. He is de-scribed as a leader among his peers, even by those who are much older than him. His self-less acts to improve the community around him serve as a true inspiration to us all and as a credit to the legacy of Paul Bunyan. Con-gratulations, Tha Ying. 
f 
RECOGNIZING JIM SACKET FOR HIS SERVICE 
HON. JOHN J. FASO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great re-spect and admiration that I rise today to rec-ognize the illustrious career of James ‘‘Jim’’ Sacket on the occasion of his retirement. Jim is retiring this December after twenty years of dedicated service to Schoharie County as Dis-trict Attorney. Originally from Pennsylvania, Jim has re-sided in Schoharie, New York for over sixty years. From a young age, he exhibited a rare diligence and a community-driven spirit. While attending Schoharie Central School, Jim was an Eagle Scout and an active participant in the National Honor Society as well as in many athletic programs. In 1984, he received his Bachelor of Arts Degree from Suffolk University. He then went on to obtain his Juris Doctor degree in 1987, and later clerked for Attorney Paul Callahan in Duanesburg, New York. In 1990, Jim was ad-mitted to the New York State Bar, and estab-lished his own practice shortly thereafter. Jim’s legacy of hard work is a source of inspiration, instilling the values of determination, con-fidence, and civility in his community. In 1997, Jim was elected Schoharie County District Attorney and has proudly served as the county’s Chief Law Enforcement Officer since. In this capacity, through his effective prosecuting, Jim has demonstrated his unwav-ering commitment to preserving the safety and security of Schoharie County. Jim is a man of uncommon judgement with a fierce loyalty to the integrity of our judicial system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.013 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1636 December 1, 2017 
As District Attorney, Jim served as a re-spected leader of the Schoharie community, and I thank him for his commitment to the State of New York. I wish him, his wife Rhonda, and their two children, James and Anne, every happiness as they embark on this new chapter. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN U.S. NAVY ENGINEMAN PETTY OFFICER FIRST CLASS (PO1) VINCENT E. PARKER, SR. 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen U.S. Navy Engineman Petty Officer First Class (PO1) Vincent E. Parker, Sr. who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on No-vember 18, 2001, during Operation Enduring Freedom. PO1 Parker drowned aboard Samra, an Iraqi freighter, which capsized in the Persian Gulf. Petty Officer Third Class (PO3) Benjamin Johnson also died. PO1 Parker was part of a security team from the USS Peterson (DD969). He was based at Nor-folk Naval Station, Virginia. United States Representative Charles W. ‘‘Chip’’ Pickering, Jr. submitted details of PO1 Parker’s service into the C
ONGRESSIONAL  R
ECORD on Thursday, December 13, 2001. PO1 Parker, a native of Preston, Mississippi, joined the U.S. Navy in 1982 after graduating from Nanih Waiya High School in Louisville, Mississippi. In the document, Rep. Pickering described PO1 Parker as a devout member of the Assembly of God Church in Columbus, Mississippi, and he grew up in a loving, well- respected family with five siblings. PO1 Park-er’s mission on the day he died was to en-force the United Nations sanctions imposed upon Iraq following the Gulf War. He boarded Samra, a ship believed to be smuggling oil for Saddam Hussein. Rep. Pickering commended PO1 Parker for his lifelong devotion as a son, husband, brother, father, and citizen. Rep. Pickering also said that while serving on board the USS Peterson, PO1 Parker was known not only for his naval leadership, but also for the example he set as a citizen and a man of God. Stephenie Parker Ybarra, PO1 Parker’s niece from Columbus, Mississippi, paid tribute to her uncle in a post on a memorial website. ‘‘Uncle Butch, you were loved by the whole family,’’ Stephenie wrote. ‘‘You were one of our family’s role models. All the nieces and nephews adored you. I can’t tell you how much you are missed, but I can tell you I am extremely proud to have been your niece. Your ultimate sacrifice is only a small reflec-tion of the type of person you were. I can’t wait to one day see you and grandpa again and recap on all the stories you have missed. I love you and miss you!’’ Another niece of PO1 Parker, Jessica Owen of Amory, posted a tribute on the same memorial website. ‘‘I am so proud of you,’’ Jessica wrote. ‘‘You are the bravest man I have ever known, and your courage has reflected upon your family. We are better people because we have loved, and have been loved by you. The sacrifice you made for the family and country you loved will never be forgotten. I carry your memory in my heart every day. Like Steph, I look forward to the day when I can talk to you again and to the day when we can look back at all you have missed and smile together.’’ PO1 Parker is survived by his wife, Char-lotte Parker; their two children, Vincent Parker and Rachel Parker; his sister Ruth Marie Parker; and his four brothers, Glenn Parker, Andy Parker, Steven Parker, and John Parker. PO1 Parker proudly served in the U.S. Navy for 19 years. His commitment to protect Amer-ica will always be remembered. f 
RECOGNIZING THE SESQUICENTEN-NIAL ANNIVERSARY OF UPLAND, INDIANA 
HON. SUSAN W. BROOKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 150th anniver-sary of the incorporation of the town of Up-land, Indiana. Upland has played an integral role in the industrial and educational develop-ment of Indiana and Hoosiers from every part of the state are thankful for the contributions of the men and women of Upland. The town of Upland is celebrating 150 years, but the history of Upland dates back further. Settlers came to the area in 1828, clearing the land and trapping wild game for food and furs. In 1867, settler Jacob Bugher gave a right of way to the Central Railroad of Indiana in exchange for a promise that all pas-senger rail would stop in the soon-to-be- formed town. Central Railroad of Indiana agreed, the railroad was built, and Upland was officially incorporated. In the years since it gained its name as the highest point on the Central Railroad of Indi-ana rail line, Upland has developed into a live-ly and thriving community, serving as a home for generations to families, businesses, profes-sionals, churches, schools, and other organi-zations. In 1887, the town saw a great influx in busi-ness due to the discovery of natural gas. Just a few years later, in 1893, Taylor University moved to Upland. The University was founded on the belief that education should be avail-able to women as well as men, and Taylor University is now regularly ranked in the top three colleges in the Midwest by U.S. News & World Report. The arrival of Taylor University gave students across the country the oppor-tunity to receive a first-class liberal arts edu-cation in a special town. In recent years there has been an influx of business developments in Upland, which has been great for the economic growth of the town. The town of Upland has a unique bal-ance between established favorites like Ivanhoe’s Drive-In, a drive-in restaurant estab-lished in 1965 famous for its ice cream and burgers, and attracting new businesses, like coffee shops and clothing stores. Upland, Indiana exemplifies the best of small-town America. The citizens have a clear passion and love for their town, but are also quick to welcome visitors from around the world. I am proud to represent such an amaz-ing town, one with a history of growth and success as well as the promise of a pros-perous future. Please join me in celebrating the sesquicentennial anniversary of the incor-poration of the great town of Upland, Indiana. f 
RECOGNIZING KEVIN STRICKLER FOR THE MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kevin Strickler from Belgrade for the Montana Congressional Veteran Com-mendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Strickler joined the United States Marine Corps in 1983 and served until 1986 when he was honorably discharged as a corporal. Those closest to Mr. Strickler describe him as ‘‘always a Marine,’’ professional in action, ap-pearance, and bearing. Mr. Strickler’s service extends beyond his military career. He is involved with several vet-eran, civic, and youth organizations. He is the Commander of the local Honor Guard and a member of the Gallatin Valley Memorial Day Parade Committee, where he instituted a pro-gram to honor Gold Star family members in the annual parade. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Kevin Strickler for his dedication and service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SABARISH MOGALLAPALLI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sabarish Mogallapalli. Sabarish and his fellow team-mates created the winning app, City Recycle Day, as part of the 2017 Congressional App Challenge. Their team is combined of students who attend Waukee High School and PrairieView Middle School in Waukee, Iowa. The Congressional App Challenge encour-ages students to learn how to code through annual district-wide competitions hosted by Members of Congress from their home district. The team’s app is entitled ‘‘City Recycle Day’’. It is designed to alert members of a commu-nity as to the date of their next trash/recycle pickup day. It also alerts users of special pickups and delays. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Sabarish and his teammates for creating the winning app, and I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Sabarish and his teammates on this out-standing accomplishment and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.016 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1637 December 1, 2017 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT (SGT) GREGORY LEROY TULL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant (SGT) Gregory Leroy Tull who paid the ulti-mate sacrifice while defending our nation on November 25, 2005, during Operation Iraqi Freedom. SGT Tull was killed when an impro-vised explosive device detonated near the ar-mored Humvee he was riding in during com-bat operations in Anbar Province, Iraq. SGT Tull was the gunner on the Humvee. SGT Tull was assigned to the 1st Battalion, 194th Field Artillery, Iowa Army National Guard, Storm Lake, Iowa. At the time of his death, SGT Tull was temporarily assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 114th Field Artillery, Mississippi Army National Guard. According to the Associated Press, SGT Tull enlisted in the Iowa Army National Guard in 2002 and graduated from Pocahontas Area High School the following year. He then at-tended South Dakota State University before volunteering for Operation Iraqi Freedom in November 2004. Lieutenant Colonel (LTC) Gregory O. Hapgood, a National Guard spokesman, said SGT Tull was proud of his service. ‘‘He was a very bright young man and he really was a go-to guy in his unit,’’ LTC Hapgood said. ‘‘He was a guy who didn’t shirk his duty. He want-ed to be where it was happening.’’ Jeff Tuttle, a high school friend of SGT Tull, paid tribute to him in a post on a memorial website. ‘‘I have been a personal witness to his good deeds for many years,’’ Jeff said. ‘‘He had tremendous character and strength and I don’t ever remember him getting into any sort of trouble whatsoever. I carry a pic-ture of him in my wallet and will do so for the rest of my life, to be reminded of his bravery for inspiration. He is greatly missed, especially by his parents and brother who handled this hardship with tremendous dignity and class.’’ Greg Tull, SGT Tull’s father, thanked more than 100 people who posted tributes to his son on a memorial website. ‘‘I want to thank everybody for their support and for having Greg as a friend,’’ Mr. Tull said. ‘‘! never knew how many lives Greg touched. He is a very special person and his mom and I miss him every day and every minute of every day. God bless you and pray for the rest of the soldiers killed in action or wounded or still over there fighting to keep us safe. God bless America.’’ SGT Tull’s funeral was held at Faith Lu-theran Church in Pocahontas, Iowa. It was at-tended by hundreds of people including family, friends, and fellow soldiers. Law enforcement officers from each of the Pocahontas County law enforcement agencies stood watch outside of the church. A sign in front of the church read, ‘‘SGT Greg Tull, The Go-To Guy.’’ SGT Tull was buried at the Indian Mound Ceme-tery, south of Humboldt SGT Tull is survived by his parents, Gary and Eileen Tull; his brother, Bryan Tull; his grandparents, Bill and Janet Velau and Erland and Phyllis Nelson. SGT Tull was awarded the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, the Army Good Conduct Medal, the Combat Action Badge, and the Mississippi Medal of Valor. SGT Tull demonstrated courage and brav-ery while proudly serving our nation. His sac-rifice will always be remembered. f 
RECOGNIZING KYLE SUKHBIR FOR THE MONTANA CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANF0RTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Kyle Sukhbir of Livingston for the Montana Congressional Veteran Commenda-tion for his service to his country and leader-ship in his community. Mr. Sukhbir joined the United States Army in 2008 and served during Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan. He was injured dur-ing combat in June 2009 and was later award-ed the Army Commendation Medal with Valor. After his retirement in 2012, Mr. Sukhbir’s con-tinued to serve veterans and others in his community. Mr. Sukhbir owns a gunsmith business in Livingston. He donates customized firearms to the Montana Wounded Warriors program and to other service organizations. Mr. Sukhbir also volunteers to take veterans on hunting trips to enjoy Montana’s great outdoors. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Kyle Sukhbir for his dedication and service. 
f 
GOP TAX SCAM 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, it is not enough to subject the GOP tax plan to the test of fiscal responsibility. To keep faith with the nation’s past, to be fair to the nation’s present, and to safeguard the nation’s future, the plan must also pass a ‘‘moral test.’’ This tax plan fails both the fiscal responsi-bility test and the moral responsibility test. This tax cut package is a return to trickle- down economics. This tax bill is a thoughtless and immoral GOP tax scam that will explode our nation’s deficit and hurt poor, working, and middle class families. It will explode the deficit by $2.2 trillion over 10 years. The non-partisan Congressional Budget Of-fice has concluded that the Senate bill would, on average, raise taxes or reduce federal ex-penditures for households with incomes below $75,000 by about $60 billion This tax cut bill is a repudiation of the social contract that F.D.R. announced in the New Deal. The overwhelming portion of the bill is a lowering of the corporate tax rate, from the current 35 percent down to 20 percent. In my home state of Texas, more than 1.7 million households earning less than $127,000 would see a tax hike. The proposed elimination of the personal exemption will harm millions of Texans by tak-ing away the $4,050 deduction for each tax-payer and claimed dependent; in 2015, rough-ly 9.3 million dependent exemptions were claimed in the Lone Star State. In this tax bill, by taking away the student loan interest and educator expense deduc-tions, more than 876,000 Texas students will lose an average credit of $1,063, while nearly 354,000 Texas teachers who buy notebooks and erasers for their classrooms will lose an average credit of $261. The Republicans in Congress ASSUME that corporations will pass down savings to con-sumers. But this never works. Corporations simply stash their money in tax havens. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the last time the GOP cut taxes for corpora-tions, they spent as much as 90 percent of their windfall buying back shares, giving divi-dends to shareholders, stock options and ex-ecutives. This ‘‘tax bill’’ would lift a 1954 ban on polit-ical activism by churches, further blurring the line between church and state. The House and Senate bills would cir-cumscribe the ability of states and local gov-ernments to levy own taxes, which would force states to cut spending on health, care edu-cation, public transportation and social serv-ices. The full 10-year plan for the bill reveals how bad it is: by 2027, individuals making between $40,000 and $50,000 would pay a combined $5.3 Billion more in taxes, while those earning more than $1 billion or more would get a $5.8 billion cut. To quote the former Chief of Staff of the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation: ‘‘[This tax bill] is not aimed at growth. It is not aimed at the middle class. It is at every turn carefully engineered to de-liver a kiss to the donor class.’’ According to the New York Times, in a re-cent survey of from the University of Chicago, only one of 38 prominent economists said the proposed tax cuts would yield substantial growth. The proposed tax cuts would add to the long term federal debt burden. This health bill would also alter healthcare in America. Health Coverage would shrink in the United States, while wealthy estates would not pay at all. The Senate version of the tax bill would cause 13 million people to lose health care and insurance premiums overall could rise by up to 10 percent. This would result in savings of about $53 billion, which the GOP will use to fund cor-porate tax cuts. America will not be made great by financing a $1.7 trillion tax cut for the rich by stealing $1.8 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid, abandoning seniors and families in need, de-priving students of realizing a dream to attend college without drowning in debt, or disinvesting in the working families. This bill is opposed by colleges and univer-sities, too. The tax cut proposal would end the deduct-ibility of tuition waivers for graduate students, repealing the deduction for interest paid on student loans and taxing university endow-ments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.021 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1638 December 1, 2017 
According to the Brookings Institution, the endowment tax in particular, threatens the ability of low-income students to pursue col-lege and graduate studies. This is because endowments subsidize stu-dents from lower-income families, while allow-ing students across the board to graduate with less debt. This bill is beyond sinister: the GOP tax bill is written so that in just 10 years, certain tax cuts (benefitting the wealthy) would remain permanent and paid for with other permanent measures that raise revenues or reduce pro-gram spending, while letting lower priority tax cuts (typically benefitting lower-income folks) expire. That is why Americans reject this Repub-lican tax giveaway by an overwhelming 2:1 margin according to a poll released yesterday by Quinnipiac. Specifically, 61 percent think the Republican tax scam will benefit the wealthy the most; only 16 percent say the plan will reduce their taxes. 59 percent think it a very bad idea to elimi-nate the deduction for state and local income taxes. Nearly half of respondents (49 percent) think it a bad idea to lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent. In fact, the average annual tax cut for the top one-tenth of one percent is $320,000; for the top one percent it is $62,000, and for those earning $1 million a year it is $68,000. Nearly 25 percent of the tax cut goes to households in just the top one-tenth of one percent, who make at least $5 million a year (2027). While super-wealthy corporations and indi-viduals are reaping windfalls, millions of mid-dle-class and working families will see their taxes go up: 13 million households face a tax increase next year. 45 million households face a tax increase in 2027. 29 million households (21 percent) earning less than $100,000 a year see a tax increase. On average, families earning up to $86,000 annually would see a $794 increase in their tax liability, a significant burden on families struggling to afford child care and balance their checkbook. It is shocking, but not surprising, that under this Republican tax scam, the total value of tax cuts for just the top one percent is more than the entire tax cut for the lower 95 percent of earners. Put another way, those earning more than $912,000 a year will get more in tax cuts than 180 million households combined. Mr. Speaker, an estimated 2.8 million Texas households deduct state and local taxes with an average deduction of $7,823 in 2015. But this is not the end of the bad news that will be delivered were this tax scam to be-come law, not by a long shot. Equally terrible is that this Republican tax scam drastically reduces the Earned Income Tax Credit, which encourages work for 2.7 mil-lion low-income individuals in Texas, helping them make ends meet with an average credit of $2,689. The EITC and the Child Tax Credit lift about 1.2 million Texans, including 663,000 children, out of poverty each year. So to achieve their goal of giving more and more to the haves and the ‘‘have mores,’’ our Republican friends are willing to betray sen-iors, children, the most vulnerable and needy, and working and middle-class families. The $5.4 trillion cuts in program investments that will be required to pay for this tax give-away to wealthy corporations and individuals will fall most heavily on low-income families, students struggling to afford college, seniors, and persons with disabilities. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOICE TROTTER FOR THE MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Loice ‘‘LA’’ Trotter of Libby for the Montana Congressional Veteran Com-mendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Trotter joined the United States Army Air Corps at the outbreak of World War II. He was captured by the Japanese during their in-vasion of the Philippine Islands. During his 40- month captivity, Mr. Trotter endured extreme malnutrition and abuse and witnessed many atrocities. He was repatriated in 1945, shortly before the Japanese formally surrendered. Stateside, Mr. Trotter continued his service as a member of the VFW, a volunteer for the Meals on Wheels program, and a builder help-ing to construct a church. At 99 years old, he remains extremely proud of his country. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending LA Trotter for his dedication and service. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SANKALP YAMSANI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Sankalp Yamsani. Sankalp and his fellow teammates created the winning app, City Recycle Day, as part of the 2017 Congressional App Chal-lenge. Their team is combined of students who attend Waukee High School and PrairieView Middle School in Waukee, Iowa. The Congressional App Challenge encour-ages students to learn how to code through annual district-wide competitions hosted by Members of Congress from their home district. The team’s app is entitled ‘‘City Recycle Day’’. It is designed to alert members of a commu-nity as to the date of their next trash/recycle pickup day. It also alerts users of special pickups and delays. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Sankalp and his teammates for creating the winning app, and I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Sankalp and his teammates on this out-standing accomplishment and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. DANIEL WEBSTER 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I missed Thursday’s votes to be back in Florida with my wife while she had surgery. Had I been present, I would have voted: Nay on Roll Call No. 642; Yea on Roll Call No. 643; Yea on Roll Call No. 644; Yea on Roll Call No. 645; Nay on Roll Call No. 646; Nay on Roll Call No. 647; Yea on Roll Call No. 648; and Yea on Roll Call No. 649. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF PAUL PFITZENMEYER OF WEST CALN TOWNSHIP, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I recog-nize Paul Pfitzenmeyer of West Caln Town-ship, Pennsylvania. Mr. Pfitzenmeyer served honorably in the U.S. Army, was a dedicated employee of Acme Markets, and has com-mitted himself to his community by serving his township’s police office, as a volunteer fire-fighter, EMT, and as Chairman of West Caln Township’s Board of Supervisors. While in the military Mr. Pfitzenmeyer re-ceived the Good Conduct and Marksman medals. After finishing his military service in 1964, he returned home to continue serving the public. Paul began a career with Acme Markets where he remained for 38 years. While work-ing full-time he also spent 25 of those years working at the West Caln Township Police Of-fice. Paul didn’t stop there. He also became a volunteer firefighter and EMT then was elected to the Township’s Board of Supervisors in 1991. Quickly thereafter he was elected Chair-man of the Board of Supervisors and con-tinues to hold the position today. But after serving with distinction for over a quarter cen-tury, Paul is stepping down. I commend Mr. Paul E. Pfitzenmeyer for his tireless dedication to our country and his local community. His work has made him a pillar for the public to depend on. I know West Caln Township will be forever grateful for Paul’s steadfast and loyal service. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RICHARD GALE FOR THE MONTANA CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Richard Gale of Bozeman for the Montana Congressional Veteran Commenda-tion for his service to his country and leader-ship in his community. Mr. Gale served with honor during the Viet-nam War as a United States Marine. His serv-ice to the nation continued following his mili-tary career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.024 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1639 December 1, 2017 
Richard Gale is a pillar of the Bozeman community. He was awarded the President’s Lifetime Achievement Award in 2015 for his strong commitment to volunteerism. Mr. Gale is an active member of the Boze-man American Legion, Vietnam Veterans of America, and eight other organizations. His civic service includes positions on the Boze-man Police Commission and the Gallatin County 9–1–1 Advisory Committee. The Boze-man Elks honored him as the 2017 Veteran of the Year. I ask my colleagues to join me in com-mending Richard Gale for his dedication and service. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DOUG COLLINS 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on November 30, 2017, I was not present for votes because I was unavoidably detained due to a death in the family. Had I been present, I would have voted: Nay on Roll Call No. 642; Yea on Roll Call No. 643, passage of H.R. 3905, Minnesota’s Economic Rights in Superior National Forest Act; Yea on Roll Call No. 644; Yea on Roll Call No. 645; Nay on Roll Call No. 646; Nay on Roll Call No. 647; Yea on Roll Call No. 648; and Yea on Roll Call No. 649. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO SHRIYA MAGATAPALLI 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Shriya Magatapalli. Shriya and her fellow teammates created the winning app, City Recycle Day, as part of the 2017 Congressional App Chal-lenge. Their team is combined of students who attend Waukee High School and Prairie View Middle School in Waukee, Iowa. The Congressional App Challenge encour-ages students to learn how to code through annual district-wide competitions hosted by Members of Congress from their home district. The team’s app is entitled ‘‘City Recycle Day’’. It is designed to alert members of a commu-nity as to the date of their next trash/recycle pickup day. It also alerts users of special pickups and delays. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Shriya and her teammates for creating the winning app, and I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Shriya and her teammates on this outstanding accomplishment and in wishing them all noth-ing but continued success. RECOGNIZING FRANK STOLTZ FOR THE MONTANA CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Frank Stoltz of Miles City for the Montana Congressional Veteran Commenda-tion for his service to his country and leader-ship in his community. Mr. Stoltz joined the United States Army Air Corps in 1943 and fought overseas during World War II. He was awarded numerous medals including the Purple Heart and the Prisoner of War Medal. His service to his com-munity, however, did not stop after his dis-charge in 1945. Upon his return to Miles City, Mr. Stoltz started his own auto body repair shop and be-came active in supporting Montana commu-nities through local and statewide business or-ganizations. He also participated in the VFW and ExPOW organizations. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Frank Stoltz for his dedication and service. 
f 
BROWNFIELDS ENHANCEMENT, ECONOMIC REDEVELOPMENT, AND REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 
SPEECH OF  
HON. PETER A. DeFAZIO 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, November 30, 2017 Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following letter: 
THEUNITED STATES CONFERENCE OF  M
AYORS , N ATIONAL ASSOCIATION  
OFCOUNTIES , NATIONAL LEAGUE  
OFCITIES , ANDNATIONAL ASSOCIA -
TION OF REGIONAL COUNCILS , March 28, 2017. Hon. G
REGWALDEN , Chairman, Energy and Commerce Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. F
RANK J, P ALLONE , JR., Ranking Member, Energy and Commerce Com-mittee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. B
ILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. Hon. P
ETER DEFAZIO, Ranking Member, Transportation and Infra-structure Committee, House of Representa-tives, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN WALDEN , RANKING MEMBER  P
ALLONE , CHAIRMAN SHUSTER AND RANKING  M
EMBER DEFAZIO: On behalf of the nation’s mayors, cities, counties and regions, we strongly encourage you to reauthorize and improve the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Brownfields program, which is key for both economic development and job creation In local communities across the county. Since its creation, the EPA Brownfields program has provided crucial assistance to local governments for reclaiming hazardous, polluted and underutilized properties. To date, there have been over 26,000 brownfields assessments and 1,200 brownfields cleanups nationally, which has led to over 123,000 jobs. Each of the $22 billion federal dollars that has been invested since the program was es-tablished in 2002 has leveraged approxi-mately $16 in other investments, close to $400 billion in total. While many communities have benefited from brownfields redevelopment efforts under this program, the U.S. Government Accountability Office estimates there are be-tween 400,000 and 600,000 remaining brownfields sites throughout the United States. To build upon these past successes and assist in the cleanup, reuse and redevel-opment of remaining sites, some key Im-provements to the program are needed. INCREASE OR MAINTAIN AUTHORIZATION  
AMOUNTS  While we understand the fiscal challenges and constraints faced by the U.S. Congress, we strongly encourage you to authorize and fully fund the Brownfields program to at least previously authorized levels. The Brownfields program has a proven track record of leveraging additional investments, creating new jobs, and redeveloping new properties, while creating additional tax rev-enues. At current appropriation levels, EPA has had to turn away many highly qualified ap-plicants due to a lack of funding. EPA esti-mates that for the past 5 years, over 1,700 re-quests for viable projects were not awarded money because of limited funding. EPA esti-mates that if they were able to provide fund-ing to those turned away applicants, an addi-tional 50,000 jobs would have been created along with $12 billion of leveraged funding. Additionally, President Trump has made reinvesting in America and putting people back to work as key priorities for his admin-istration. In order to make this happen and to do so quickly, Congress should utilize ex-isting programs, and we believe that the Brownfields program would be a strong can-didate for any type of reinvestment initia-tive. That is why we urge Congress to in-crease or at least maintain the current au-thorization levels for EPA’s brownfields pro-gram. 
INCREASE OVERALL GRANT FUNDING TO ALLOW  
COMMUNITIES TO CLEANUP MORE DIFFICULT  
SITES  Although many brownfield sites have been redeveloped, what remains are brownfield sites that are more difficult to redevelop due to their level of contamination or market-place conditions. Communities would like the EPA program to be expanded to address the clean up challenges at these more com-plex sites. We suggest the following: Increase Cleanup Grant Amounts—Con-gress should recognize the complexity of the cleanup process for larger or more com-plicated sites by increasing the funding limit for cleanup of a single site to $1 million. Under special circumstances, EPA could waive the limit, up to $2 million per site. Establish Multi-Purpose Brownfields Grants—Congress should allow local govern-ments to have the option to apply for multi- purpose grants that can be used for the full range of brownfields-funded activities (as-sessment, cleanup, reuse planning, etc.) on a community-wide basis. Applicants should be required to demonstrate a plan and the ca-pacity for using this multi-purpose funding within a set timeline in order to qualify for such funding. Allow Funding for Reasonable Administra-tive Costs for Local Brownfields Programs— Congress should allow brownfields grant re-cipients to use a small portion (10 percent) of their grant to cover reasonable administra-tive costs such as rent, utilities and other costs necessary to carry out a brownfields project. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.029 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1640 December 1, 2017 
BROWNFLELDS LIABILITY CONCERNS ARE A  
DISINCENTIVE FOR LOCAL GOVERNMENTS  Local governments face enormous chal-lenges in brownfields redevelopment. One of the most significant challenges is the poten-tial liability for local governments, which creates a disincentive to acquire contami-nated property. We encourage Congress to revise the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERLA) to encourage and protect local communities who choose to take ownership of blighted properties for the purpose of brownfields redevelopment where the local government had no role in creating the con-tamination. These changes should include: Clarify Eligibility of Publicly-Owned Sites Acquired Before 2002—Congress should allow local governments to be eligible for grant funding for properties that were acquired prior to the January 11, 2002 enactment of the Brownfields Revitalization Act—when there was no required standard for ‘‘all ap-propriate inquiries’’—provided that the ap-plicant did not cause or contribute to the contamination and performed ‘‘appropriate care.’’ For these sites, applicants would not have to demonstrate that they performed all appropriate inquiry. Remove Barriers to Local and State Gov-ernments in Addressing Mothballed Sites— Congress should exempt local and state gov-ernments from CERCLA liability if the gov-ernment unit (a) owns a brownfields property as defined by section 101(39); (b) did not cause or contribute to contamination on the prop-erty; and (c) exercises due care with regard to any known contamination at the site. We suggest language to amend section 101(20)(D) that clarifies that properties acquired through eminent domain qualify for the CERCLA exemption for local governments involved in ‘‘Involuntary Acquisitions.’’ Al-ternatively, we would suggest language that establishes a simplified and clear exemption from CERCLA liability for local govern-ments that acquire brownfields sites. Eliminate Eligibility Barriers for Petro-leum Brownfields Sites—Grantees that seek to use assessment, cleanup or multi-purpose grants on sites with petroleum contamina-tion should not be required to make the dif-ficult demonstrations that the site is ‘‘low risk’’ and that there is ‘‘no viable respon-sible party’’ connected with the site. We rec-ommend replacing the ‘‘No Viable Respon-sible Party’’ language in section 101(39)(D) with a prohibition on using funds to pay for cleanup costs at a brownfields site for which the recipient of the grant is potentially lia-ble under the petroleum statutes. This would parallel the language for non-petroleum brownfields sites. If you have any questions, please contact Judy Sheahan at USCM, Carolyn Berndt at NLC, Julie Ufner at NACo, or Leslie Wollack at NARC. Thank you for your consideration. Sincerely, T
OMCOCHRAN , CEO and Executive Director, The U.S. Conference of May-ors. M
ATTHEW D. C HASE , Executive Director, National Association of Counties. C
LARENCE E. A NTHONY , CEO and Executive Director, National League of Cities. L
ESLIE WOLLACK , Executive Director, National Association of Regional Coun-cils. RECOGNIZING COMMANDER BRIAN ‘‘BEEF’’ DRECHSLER 
HON. DUNCAN HUNTER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. HUNTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise, along with my colleague Representative S
COTT  P
ETERS , to recognize Commander Brian ‘‘Beef’’ M. Drechsler as a recipient of the 2017 Vice Admiral James Bond Stockdale Leader-ship Award. Established in honor of Vice Admiral Stockdale, this award symbolizes the highest standard of excellence in both personal con-duct and leadership. According to VADM Stockdale, there are five roles of a leader— moralist, jurist, teacher, steward, and philoso-pher. CMDR Drechsler embodies these stand-ards. Hailing from Pittsburgh, PA, CMDR Drechsler is a 1998 United States Naval Acad-emy graduate and was selected to become a SEAL. At the Academy, he played football and was eventually elected to both the Naval Academy Hall of Fame and the Navy Marine Corps Stadium 50th Anniversary team. He went on to further his education and earned a Master’s degree in Organizational Manage-ment from The George Washington University. After graduation from Basic Underwater Demolition/SEAL (BUD/S) training, and an as-signment to SEAL Team FIVE, Beef com-pleted three tours of duty—combat tours in Iraq and Afghanistan, deployments to PACOM, and was an integral member in the creation of the U.S. Central Command Crisis Response Element. He went on to serve as the Aide to the Commander, Naval Special Warfare Command, and as Troop Commander and Squadron Operations Officer at Naval Special Warfare Development Group. Subsequently, he served in the U.S. Special Operations Command Officer of Legislative Af-fairs, then as Operations and Executive Officer of SEAL Team ONE. Next, he become the Di-rector of Operations and Plans (N3/5) for Naval Special Warfare Group ONE and then took command of SEAL Team FIVE until 2017. Currently, he serves as a special assist-ant to the Commander, Naval Special Warfare Command. Nominated in recognition of ‘‘his high stand-ards, strong example, selfless service and per-sonal commitment to his command members and their families,’’ CMDR Drechsler truly ex-emplifies all that is encompassed in a leader. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, we are proud to celebrate the ac-complishments of CMDR Drechsler and wish him continued success in his future endeav-ors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING STANLEY WATSON FOR THE MONTANA CONGRES-SIONAL VETERAN COMMENDA-TION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Stanley Watson of Forsyth for the Montana Congressional Veteran Commenda-tion for his service to his country and leader-ship in his community. Mr. Watson enlisted in the United States Marine Corps following his high school grad-uation in 1966. He became a sergeant and served on many important battlefronts during the Vietnam War. He was honorably dis-charged in 1968. Following his military career, Mr. Watson joined Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1849, later serving other veterans as the post com-mander. He is a member of the Honor Guard and is a strong advocate for the organization, encouraging other veterans to become in-volved. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Stanley Watson for his dedica-tion and service. f 
TRIBUTE TO OWEN SCOTT 
HON. DAVID YOUNG 
OF IOWA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Owen Scott. Owen and his fellow teammates created the winning app, City Recycle Day, as part of the 2017 Congressional App Challenge. Their team is combined of students who attend Waukee High School and Prairie View Middle School in Waukee, Iowa. The Congressional App Challenge encour-ages students to learn how to code through annual district-wide competitions hosted by Members of Congress from their home district. The team’s app is entitled ‘‘City Recycle Day’’. It is designed to alert members of a commu-nity as to the date of their next trash/recycle pickup day. It also alerts users of special pickups and delays. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize Owen and his teammates for creating the win-ning app, and I am proud to represent them in the United States Congress. I ask that my col-leagues in the United States House of Rep-resentatives join me in congratulating Owen and his teammates on this outstanding accom-plishment and in wishing them all nothing but continued success. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF MAJOR CAESAR CIVITELLA 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the life and service of Major Caesar Civitella of St. Petersburg, Florida. With his passing on October 25, 2017, America lost a man who was emblematic of what it means to be a true patriot. Both in de-fense of his homeland, and when called to protect the homes of our allies, Major Civitella was always ready to answer the call to serv-ice. His heroic combat achievements on bat-tlefields across the globe, coupled with his many contributions to our intelligence services, leave a legacy that Florida’s 13th Congres-sional District is proud to uphold. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.033 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1641 December 1, 2017 
After joining the United States Army in Feb-ruary of 1943, Major Civitella was quickly se-lected to serve the Office of Strategic Serv-ices. He and his group members were then in-serted into Northern Africa to support the Al-lied invasion of France. After capturing nearly 4,000 enemies in France, Major Civitella’s team was deployed to Italy and participated in 21 air operations as ‘‘Bundle Kickers,’’ drop-ping leaflets over civilian populations. By 1945, the Army deployed Major Civitella to the Swiss Alps, and tasked him with reporting German activity, in an effort to capture Benito Mussolini. In 1946, Major Civitella was discharged from the Army, but quickly reenlisted as a Counter-intelligence non-commissioned officer in 1947. By 1952, the Army recruited then 2nd Lieuten-ant Caesar Civitella into the newly-created Special Forces division. There, he pioneered the creation of training aids, doctrine, and les-son plans for the United States Army Psycho-logical Warfare Center, and was one of the original instructors of air operations and gue-rilla warfare. After assignments with both the 77th Special Forces Group and the 10th Spe-cial Forces Group, Major Civitella returned to the Special Warfare Center and was assigned to work in the Combat Development Office. Beginning in 1961, Major Civitella served three tours in Vietnam, working on enhanced inser-tion and extraction systems like Scuba, Halo, and the Fulton ‘‘Skyhook.’’ A day after retiring from the Army on August 31, 1964, Major Civitella joined the ranks of the Central Intelligence Agency. He worked there until August 31, 1983, fulfilling the roles of Senior Province Officer in Vietnam, Plan’s Branch liaison to the Pentagon, and the Inter-agency Representative to the United States Readiness Command. In addition, Major Civitella coordinated intelligence, training, and interagency operations for the Rapid Deploy-ment Joint Task Force at MacDill Airforce Base in Tampa. Because of his service and expertise in un-conventional warfare, Major Civitella received numerous accolades throughout his life includ-ing the United States Bronze Star Medal, the Intelligence Medal of Merit, the Bull Simmons Award for a lifetime of Special Operations Forces Achievements, and the prestigious French Legion of Honor, the highest decora-tion offered by the French government, and an award typically reserved for French nationals. Mr. Speaker, please join me once again in commemorating Major Caesar Civitella’s life; thanking him for his many contributions to the Armed Forces and intelligence community. He leaves behind a bold legacy of true and self-less patriotism that helped make our country a beacon of light in a dangerous world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI MARINE FIRST LIEUTENANT (1ST LT.) WILLIAM JAMES DONNELLY, IV 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen Mississippi Marine First Lieutenant (1st Lt.) William James Donnelly, IV who gave his life while in service to our nation on November 25, 2010, during Operation Enduring Freedom. 1st Lt. Donnelly was killed while conducting combat operations in Helmand Province, Afghanistan. This was 1st Lt. Donnelly’s first combat deployment. 1st Lt. Donnelly was assigned to 3rd Battalion, 5th Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division, 1st Ma-rine Expeditionary Force, Camp Pendleton, California. According to the Associated Press, 1st Lt. Donnelly, of Picayune, Mississippi, always wanted to join the U.S. Marine Corps. He en-listed in the United States Marine Corps Re-serve in June 2003 and served as an Assault Amphibious Vehicle (SSV) crewmember in the 4th Assault Amphibian Battalion, 4th Marine Division, Gulfport, Mississippi. He transferred to the U.S. Navy Reserve as a Midshipman to attend the officer training program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York where he served as a Midshipman Regimental Commander. 1st Lt. Donnelly was commissioned as a 2ndLt in the United States Marine Corps after graduating in June 2008 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Marine Engineering. After TBS, he was des-ignated an infantry officer in October 2009 and served as a rifle platoon commander assigned to the 3rd Battalion, 5th Marines, 1st Marine Division, 1st Marine Expeditionary Force, Kilo Company, 2nd Platoon, Camp Pendleton, California. 1st Lt. Donnelly married his wife, Linsey, on September 11, 2010. He deployed to Helmand Province, Afghanistan 15 days later. 1st Lt. Donnelly’s family learned of his death on Thanksgiving Day 2010. Melissa Donnelly- Weed, 1st Lt. Donnelly’s sister, posted on her Facebook page that day. ‘‘Always be thankful for family,’’ Melissa said. ‘‘I will always be thankful and grateful I had a wonderful broth-er. He gave his life today for his country doing what he loved—being a Marine. I will miss him forever. I love you, Will!’’ William J. Donnelly, III, 1st Lt. Donnelly’s father, said his son would not have any regrets even though the loss is extremely hard to bear. ‘‘Will was doing what he loved to do and what he always wanted to do,’’ Mr. Donnelly said. ‘‘I am sure if we could talk to him now, he would say he had no re-grets.’’ In a release issued by Camp Pendleton, of-ficials said that they had lost a member of their own family. ‘‘The Marines and sailors of the 1st Marine Division mourn the loss of 1st Lt. Donnelly,’’ the release read. ‘‘Our heartfelt condolences go out to his family.’’ After learning of 1st Lt. Donnelly’s death, Picayune Mayor Ed Pinero said it is always hard to lose a hero and on behalf of the city, they extended their heartfelt condolences to the family. ‘‘1st Lt. Donnelly’s sacrifice and that of all the men and women who fall in combat protecting our country’s freedom should never be forgotten,’’ Mayor Pinero said. Additionally, Mayor Pinero announced that 1st Lt. Donnelly’s name would be inscribed on a monument in front of the old city hall in Pica-yune to ensure the town’s war heroes are never forgotten. A funeral service was held Tuesday, De-cember 14 at the United States Naval Acad-emy Chapel in Annapolis, Maryland. Intern-ment was held at Arlington National Cemetery in Arlington, Virginia. Friends of 1st Lt. Don-nelly held a memorial service in Picayune at the same hour of the service at Arlington. 1st Lt. Donnelly is survived by his parents, William Donnelly, III and Vicki Donnelly; his two sisters, Lieutenant Junior Grade (LTJG) Melissa Donnelly-Weed and Rebecca Don-nelly; his wife, Linsey Becker-Donnelly; and his nephew Christian Weed. 1st Lt. Donnelly was awarded the Purple Heart, the National Defense Service Medal, the Korean Defense Service Medal, the Af-ghanistan Campaign Medal, and the Combat Action Ribbon. 1st Lt. Donnelly’s service and sacrifice to defend America will always be remembered. f 
RECOGNIZING DANIEL RITTER FOR THE MONTANA CONGRESSIONAL VETERAN COMMENDATION 
HON. GREG GIANFORTE 
OF MONTANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Daniel Ritter from Bozeman for the Montana Congressional Veteran Com-mendation for his service to his country and leadership in his community. Mr. Ritter served for over 20 years as a United States Marine, performing as a Chief Warrant Officer during Operation Restore Hope in Somalia. Mr. Ritter continued his service to his com-munity as a leader in the Marine Corps League in the Gallatin Valley. He is also a 1st Trustee for American Legion Post 14 and vol-unteers as a member of the Honor Guard for veteran services. He is active in assisting Montana Gold Star families and helps ensure a Marine presence in the Veterans Day activi-ties of local schools. I ask my colleagues to join me today in commending Daniel Ritter for his dedication and service. 
f 
IN SUPPORT OF WORLD AIDS DAY 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, estab-lished by the World Health Organization in 1988, December 1st is universally known as World AIDS Day. World AIDS Day serves to focus global at-tention on the devastating impact of the HIV/ AIDS epidemic. All governments, national AIDS programs, churches, community organizations and indi-viduals are given the opportunity to display their commitment to fight this deadly disease. It has been more than 30 years since the first AIDS case was reported in the United States. It does not seem like it was too long ago, but HIV/AIDS had affected many around the world before the disease even made its way to America’s shores. Since then, countless researchers, healthcare providers, politicians, and edu-cators have contributed to the global initiative to contain and eventually eliminate its pres-ence in all corners of the world. Although HIV/AIDS is no longer a mys-terious and mischaracterized entity, it is the most relentless and indiscriminate killer of our time. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.037 E01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1642 December 1, 2017 
And though a diagnosis is no longer the sealing of an immediate fate, it is the begin-ning of an indefinite battle for life, adequate health care, and for social belonging. With an estimated 38.6 million people world-wide living with HIV at the end of 2005, and more than 25 million people having died of AIDS since 1981, December 1st is a date which serves to remind everyone that action makes a difference in the fight against HIV/ AIDS. Let there be no mistake, we are here to ac-knowledge that AIDS is a deadly enemy against which we must join all our forces to fight and eliminate. Americans should be reminded that HIV/ AIDS does not discriminate. With an estimated 1,039,000 to 1,185,000 HIV-positive individuals living in the U.S., and approximately 56,000 new infections occurring every year, the U.S., like other nations around the world is deeply affected by HIV/AIDS. The detrimental effects of HIV/AIDS have also hit home. More than 65,000 people in Texas are living with HIV. Thirty-six percent more Texans are living with HIV today than just seven years ago. In 2010, studies showed that 1 in every 3 diag-nosed persons in Texas were not getting prop-er medical treatment. We must make certain that every affected individual receives efficient medical treatment that will afford them long life. Not only is the state of Texas suffering from HIV and AIDS, but my district, the 18th Con-gressional District of Texas, has seen an in-creasing number of people living with the dis-ease. In 2010, there were over 22,000 reported persons living with HIV (non-AIDS) in the greater Houston area, and more than 9,000 reported persons living with AIDS. This problem continues to escalate as there have been 1,700 new infections each year among individuals in Harris County, particu-larly among racial and ethnic minorities. We must continue to fight a tough fight to reverse all of these costly and tragic trends. I will continue to sponsor and co-sponsor legislation that addresses the HIV/AIDS epi-demic. The fight is not over. We must continue to stand strong in our struggle to conquer some old and new chal-lenges that we as Americans and members of the global community encounter. Today, Friday, December 1st is World AIDS Day. And, we will focus on HIV/AIDS, prevention and awareness, and continue to fight for life. Together, we will help all of our friends, rel-atives, and children live healthy and full lives. 
f 
HONORING BISHOP S.F. MAKALANI- MAHEE (1972–2017) 
HON. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 1, 2017 Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, today it is my privilege to honor the life of Bishop S.F. Makalani-MaHee, a minister and transgender activist from Oakland Park, Flor-ida, who was the youngest pastor ever com-missioned by the Unity Fellowship Church. S.F. was born on July 5, 1972 to Barbara MaHee and the late Adisa Makalani. The fam-ily’s Sundays were spent in church, where S.F. enjoyed serenading the congregation with gospel renditions of ‘‘Jesus Can Work It Out.’’ S.F. found his love of Broadway at the Julia Richman High School in New York, where pro-ducer Cheryl Weisenfeld cast him in a produc-tion of Grease. After moving to Atlanta with family, S.F. began teaching theater courses, as well as lecturing for Georgia State University, Soap-stone Center for the Performing Arts, and Spelman and Morehouse Colleges. He also founded the Heart Theater, a youth theater troupe, where he wrote and directed Journeys, an educational play focused on HIV/AIDS. Bishop S.F. Makalani-MaHee came to South Florida in 1997 where he found his commu-nity, his congregation and his purpose. S.F. began working at the PRIDE Center in Wilton Manors, as well as many other non-profits. He founded Black Gay Pride South Florida and co-founded BLACKOUT, South Florida’s first African-American LGBTQ Film Festival. S.F. was the first transgender person to be ap-pointed to the Broward County Human Rights Board. He was also an active member of the Dolphin Democrats, the longest continually-op-erating LGBTQ advocacy group in the South. Bishop S.F. Makalani-MaHee spent his life loving others unconditionally. Before his un-timely passing, S.F. served as the Coordinator of the Transgender Program at the Broward County Department of Health, where he advo-cated for fellow members of South Florida’s transgender community. S.F. passed away on November 20, 2017, this year’s Transgender Day of Remembrance. He is survived by his mother Barbara; his siblings Darcy, Jeffrey, Justin, and Marsha; and several nephews. He is also survived by a community of friends across South Florida, Atlanta, and New York who he considered his family. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:18 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A01DE8.040 E01DEPT1
D1269 Friday, December 1, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Senate passed H.R. 1, Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, as amended. See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S7653–S7807 Measures Introduced: Three bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2182–2184, and S. Res. 346–347.
                                                       Page S7717 
Measures Reported: S. 1886, to amend subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, to authorize agencies to make noncompetitive temporary and term appoint-ments in the competitive service, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–189) S. 2070, to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994, to reauthorize the Missing Alzheimer’s Disease Patient Alert Program, and to promote initiatives that will reduce the risk of injury and death relating to the wandering charac-teristics of some children with autism, with an amendment.
                                                                  Page S7717 
Measures Passed: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act: By 51 yeas to 49 nays (Vote No. 303), Senate passed H.R. 1, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the con-current resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, after taking action on the following motions and amendments proposed thereto: 
                                                            Pages S7653–55, S7655–7712 
Adopted: McConnell (for Hatch/Murkowski) Amendment No. 1855 (to Amendment No. 1618), of a perfecting nature.
                                                                             Page S7700 
By 51 yeas to 50 nays, Vice President voting yea (Vote No. 298), Cornyn (for Cruz) Amendment No. 1852 (to Amendment No. 1618), to allow limited 529 account funds to be used for elementary and secondary education, including homeschool. 
                                                                                    Pages S7704–05 By 52 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 302), Merkley Amendment No. 1856 (to Amendment No. 1618), of a perfecting nature.
                                     Pages S7711–12 
McConnell (for Hatch/Murkowski) Amendment No. 1618, of a perfecting nature. (By unanimous consent, the amendment, as amended, be considered as original text for the purpose of further amend-ment, and all points of order be preserved.) 
                                                                                            Page S7712 
Rejected: By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 290), Wyden (for Nelson) motion to commit the bill to the Com-mittee on Finance, with instructions.
             Page S7656 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 291), Baldwin motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance, with instructions.
                                        Page S7656 
By 43 yeas to 57 nays (Vote No. 292), Cardin motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance, with instructions.
                                Pages S7665–66 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 293), Schumer motion to adjourn until 12 noon, on Monday, De-cember 4, 2017.
                                                         Page S7700 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 297), Menendez motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance, with instructions.
                                Pages S7703–04 
By 38 yeas to 61 nays (Vote No. 300), Manchin motion to commit the bill to the Committee on Fi-nance, with instructions.
                                Pages S7706–07 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 46 yeas to 54 nays (Vote No. 294), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected to the mo-tion to waive all applicable sections of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, for the purposes of McConnell (for Sanders) Amendment No. 1720 (to Amendment No. 1618), to create a point of order against legislation that cuts Social Security, Medi-care, or Medicaid benefits. Subsequently, the point of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1270 December 1, 2017 
order that the amendment was in violation of section 313(b)(1)(a) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                            Pages S7700, S7702 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 295), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected to the mo-tion to waive all applicable sections of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, for the purposes of McConnell (for Brown) Amendment No. 1854 (to Amendment No. 1618), to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to increase the Child Tax Credit. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 302(f) of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                                       Pages S7700–03 
By 29 yeas to 71 nays (Vote No. 296), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected to the mo-tion to waive all applicable sections of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, and applicable budget resolutions, for the purposes of McConnell (for Rubio/Lee) Amendment No. 1850 (to Amendment No. 1618), to increase the refundability of the child tax credit. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sustained, and the amendment thus fell.
                     Pages S7701–03 
By 34 yeas to 65 nays (Vote No. 299), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected to the mo-tion to waive all applicable sections of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, and applicable budget resolutions, for the purposes of Cornyn (for Kaine) Amendment No. 1846 (to Amendment No. 1618), to provide middle class tax relief. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 4105 of H. Con. Res. 71, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2018, was sustained, and the amendment thus fell. 
                                                                                    Pages S7704–06 
By 48 yeas to 52 nays (Vote No. 301), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, not having voted in the affirmative, Senate rejected to the mo-tion to waive all applicable sections of the Congres-sional Budget Act of 1974, and applicable budget resolutions, for the purposes of Cantwell Amend-ment No. 1717 (to Amendment No. 1618), of a per-fecting nature. Subsequently, the point of order that the amendment was in violation of section 302(f) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, was sus-tained, and the amendment thus fell.
     Pages S7707–11 
62nd Anniversary of Whiteman Air Force Base: Senate agreed to S. Res. 347, commemorating the 62nd anniversary of the dedication of Whiteman Air Force Base.
                                                            Pages S7805–06 Nielsen Nomination—Cloture: Senate began con-sideration of the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. 
                                                                                            Page S7712 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, and pursuant to the unanimous-consent agreement of Saturday, December 2, 2017, a vote on cloture will occur at 5:30 p.m., on Monday, Decem-ber 4, 2017.
                                                                 Page S7712 
Prior to the consideration of this nomination, Sen-ate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S7712 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, December 4, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination.
                                                          Page S7806 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 66 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 2 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force and Army. 
                                                                Pages S7714–15, S7806–07 
Nominations Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nominations: Phyllis L. Bayer, of Mississippi, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Navy. Thomas E. Workman, of New York, to be a Member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council for a term of six years. Jeffrey DeWit, of Arizona, to be Chief Financial Officer, National Aeronautics and Space Administra-tion. Tadd M. Johnson, of Minnesota, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation for a term expiring Oc-tober 6, 2022. Lisa Johnson-Billy, of Oklahoma, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation for a term expiring Au-gust 25, 2018. Lisa Johnson-Billy, of Oklahoma, to be a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Morris K. Udall and Stewart L. Udall Foundation for a term expiring Au-gust 25, 2024. Erik Bethel, of Florida, to be United States Alter-nate Executive Director of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of two years. David T. Fischer, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Morocco. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1271 December 1, 2017 
Judy Lynn Shelton, of Virginia, to be United States Director of the European Bank for Reconstruc-tion and Development. James Edwin Williams, of Utah, to be Chief Fi-nancial Officer, Department of Labor. Mark Schneider, of the District of Columbia, to be Director of the Institute of Education Science, Department of Education for a term of six years. Barbara Stewart, of Illinois, to be Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation for National and Commu-nity Service. Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be a Member of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of six years. Jelena McWilliams, of Ohio, to be Chairperson of the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation for a term of five years. Matthew D. Harris, of Utah, to be United States Marshal for the District of Utah for the term of four years. Ted G. Kamatchus, of Iowa, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Iowa for the term of four years. Joseph P. Kelly, of Nebraska, to be United States Attorney for the District of Nebraska for the term of four years. Joseph D. McClain, of Indiana, to be United States Marshal for the Southern District of Indiana for the term of four years. Scott W. Murray, of New Hampshire, to be United States Attorney for the District of New Hampshire for the term of four years. David A. Weaver, of Colorado, to be United States Marshal for the District of Colorado for the term of four years. David C. Weiss, of Delaware, to be United States Attorney for the District of Delaware for the term of four years. 7 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, and Navy. 
                                                                                            Page S7806 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S7716 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S7717 
Executive Communications:                             Page S7717 
Petitions and Memorials:                                    Page S7717 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S7717–19 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements: Amendments Submitted:
                    Pages S7720–S7805 
Privileges of the Floor:                                Pages S7805–06 
Record Votes: Fourteen record votes were taken today. (Total—303) 
                  Pages S7656, S7665–66, S7700, S7702–07, S7711–12 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. on Fri-day, December 1, 2017 and adjourned at 2:06 a.m. on Saturday, December 2, 2017, until 3 p.m. on Monday, December 4, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in to-day’s Record on page S7806.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 22 pub-lic bills, H.R. 4508–4529; and 6 resolutions, H.J. Res. 122; H. Con. Res. 95; and H. Res. 639–642 were introduced.
                                                Pages H9597–98 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H9599 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by a yea-and-nay vote of 209 yeas to 169 nays with two answering ‘‘present’’, Roll No. 652.
                                                                          Pages H9585–86 Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 1699, to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high-cost mortgage, to amend the Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mort-gage Licensing Act of 2008 to modify the definition of a loan originator, by a recorded vote of 256 ayes to 163 noes, Roll No. 651.
                                  Page H9585 
Rejected the motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 193 yeas to 227 nays, Roll No. 650.
                                Pages H9584–85 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1272 December 1, 2017 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–42 shall be considered as adopted.
                                                                          Page H9573 
H. Res. 635, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 4182) and (H.R. 1699) was agreed to yesterday, November 30th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 6 p.m. on Monday, December 4th.
            Page H9586 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H9584–85, H9585, and H9585–86. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and ad-journed at 1:17 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT, COMMUNITY BLOCK GRANT-DISASTER RECOVERY Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a hearing entitled ‘‘Depart-ment of Housing and Urban Development, Commu-nity Block Grant-Disaster Recovery’’. Testimony was heard from Neal Rackleff, Assistant Secretary for Community Planning and Development, Department of Housing and Urban Development. AMPHIBIOUS WARFARE READINESS AND TRAINING: INTEROPERABILITY, SHORTFALLS, AND THE WAY AHEAD Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Amphibious Warfare Readiness and Training: Interoperability, Shortfalls, and the Way Ahead’’. Testimony was heard from Lieutenant General Brian D. Beaudreault, Deputy Commandant for Plans, Policies, and Operations, U.S. Marine Corps; Vice Admiral Andrew L. Lewis, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations for Operations, Plans and Strategy (N3/N5), U.S. Navy; and Cary Russell, Director, Defense Capabilities and Manage-ment Team, Government Accountability Office. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 4478, the ‘‘FISA Amendments Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. H.R. 4478 was ordered reported, as amended. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, DECEMBER 4, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of December 4 through December 8, 2017 Senate Chamber On Monday, Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: December 5, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine addressing the opioid crisis in America, focusing on prevention, treatment, and recovery, 10 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Armed Services: December 7, to hold hear-ings to examine Department of Defense acquisition re-form efforts, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: De- cember 5, business meeting to consider S. 2155, to pro-mote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and the nomination of Jerome H. Powell, of Maryland, to be Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: December 5, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Timothy R. Petty, of Indiana, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Interior, and Linda Capuano, of Texas, to be Adminis-trator of the Energy Information Administration, Depart-ment of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. December 5, Subcommittee on Energy, to hold hear-ings to examine S. 1336, to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to reauthorize hydroelectric production incentives and hydroelectric efficiency improvement incentives, S. 1455, to amend the United States Energy Storage Com-petitiveness Act of 2007 to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish new goals for the Department of Energy re-lating to energy storage and to carry out certain dem-onstration projects relating to energy storage, S. 1563, to authorize the Office of Fossil Energy to develop advanced separation technologies for the extraction and recovery of rare earth elements and minerals from coal and coal by-products, S. 1851, to require the Secretary of Energy to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1273 December 1, 2017 establish an energy storage research program, demonstra-tion and deployment program, and technical assistance and grant program, S. 1876, to direct the Secretary of Energy to establish a program to advance energy storage deployment by reducing the cost of energy storage through research, development, and demonstration, S. 1981, to amend the Natural Gas Act to expedite approval of exports of small volumes of natural gas, and S. 2030, to deem the compliance date for amended energy con-servation standards for ceiling light kits to be January 21, 2020, 2:30 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: December 6, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of R. D. James, of Missouri, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army, Department of Defense, 10 a.m., SD–406. December 6, Subcommittee on Superfund, Waste Man-agement, and Regulatory Oversight, to hold hearings to examine challenges facing Superfund and waste cleanup efforts following natural disasters, 2:30 p.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: December 5, business meeting to consider S. 1118, to reauthorize the North Korea Human Rights Act of 2004, S. 1901, to require global economic and political pressure to support diplo-matic denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, including through the imposition of sanctions with respect to the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and any enablers of the activities of that Govern-ment, and to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, S. 447, to require reporting on acts of certain foreign countries on Holocaust era assets and related issues, S. Res. 150, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and re-affirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the United States Government to promote democracy and good governance, S. Res. 139, condemning the Govern-ment of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights, and the nominations of Eric M. Ueland, of Oregon, to be an Under Secretary (Management), and James Randolph Evans, of Georgia, to be Ambassador to Luxembourg, both of the Department of State; to be immediately followed by a hearing in SD–419 to examine the President, Congress, and shared authority over the international accords, 2:30 p.m., S–116, Capitol. December 6, Subcommittee on Near East, South Asia, Central Asia, and Counterterrorism, to hold hearings to examine beyond ISIS, focusing on countering terrorism, radicalization, and promoting stability in North Africa, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: De- cember 5, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Kenneth L. Marcus, of Virginia, to be Assistant Sec-retary for Civil Rights, and Johnny Collett, of Kentucky, to be Assistant Secretary for Special Education and Reha-bilitative Services, both of the Department of Education, and Scott A. Mugno, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary, and William Beach, of Kansas, to be Commis-sioner of Labor Statistics, both of the Department of Labor, 10 a.m., SD–430. December 7, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Mitchell Zais, of South Carolina, to be Deputy Secretary, and James Blew, of California, to be Assistant Secretary for Planning, Evaluation, and Pol-icy Development, both of the Department of Education, Kate S. O’Scannlain, of Maryland, to be Solicitor, and Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary, both of the Department of Labor, and other pending nominations, Time to be announced, Room to be announced. December 7, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine implementation of the 21st Century Cures Act, fo-cusing on progress and the path forward for medical in-novation, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: December 6, to hold hearings to examine adapting to de-fend the Homeland against the evolving international ter-rorist threat, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: December 6, business meet-ing to consider S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime; to be immediately followed by a hear-ing to examine S. 664, to approve the settlement of the water rights claims of the Navajo in Utah, to authorize construction of projects in connection therewith, and S. 1770, to approve the settlement of water rights claims of the Hualapai Tribe and certain allottees in the State of Arizona, to authorize construction of a water project re-lating to those water rights claims, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: December 6, to hold hearings to examine firearm accessory regulation and enforcing Federal and state reporting to the National Instant Crimi-nal Background Check System (NICS), 10 a.m., SD–226. December 7, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Leonard Steven Grasz, of Ne-braska, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eighth Circuit, James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit, Don R. Willett, of Texas, to be a Circuit Judge, United States Court of Ap-peals for the Fifth Circuit, Terry A. Doughty, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, Terry Fitzgerald Moorer, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Mark Saalfield Norris, Sr., to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, Claria Horn Boom, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern and Western Districts of Kentucky, John W. Broomes, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kan-sas, Rebecca Grady Jennings, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Kentucky, and Robert Earl Wier, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of Kentucky, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: December 5, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 3 p.m., SH–219. December 7, Full Committee, to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. Special Committee on Aging: December 6, to hold hear-ings to examine America’s aging workforce, focusing on opportunities and challenges, 9:30 a.m., SD–562. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1274 December 1, 2017 
House Committees 
Committee on Education and the Workforce, December 6, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pen-sions, hearing entitled ‘‘Workplace Leave Policies: Oppor-tunities and Challenges for Employers and Working Fam-ilies’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, December 7, Sub-committee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘The Mis-sion of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. December 8, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Role of the Department of Energy in Energy Sector Cybersecurity’’, 9 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, December 6, Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Sustainable Housing Finance: Private Sector Perspectives on Housing Finance Reform, Part IV’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. December 7, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Office of Fi-nancial Research’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. December 7, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals for a More Efficient Federal Financial Regulatory Regime: Part II’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, December 6, Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing Human Rights to Combat Extremism’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. December 6, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Brexit: A Negotia-tion Update’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. December 6, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Policy Towards Tibet: Access, Re-ligious Freedom, and Human Rights’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. December 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Counterterrorism Efforts in Africa’’, 9:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, December 7, Sub-committee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the De-partment of Homeland Security’s Efforts to Counter Weapons of Mass Destruction’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, December 7, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Preventing Sexual Harass-ment in the Congressional Workplace: Examining Re-forms to the Congressional Accountability Act’’, 10 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, December 7, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Bureau of Investigation’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, December 6, Sub-committee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 4465, the ‘‘Endangered Fish Recovery Programs Exten-sion Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. December 7, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming the Department of the Interior for the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. December 7, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 805, the ‘‘Tulare Youth Recreation and Wom-en’s History Enhancement Act’’; H.R. 1349, to amend the Wilderness Act to ensure that the use of bicycles, wheelchairs, strollers, and game carts is not prohibited in Wilderness Areas, and for other purposes; H.R. 3371, the ‘‘Modoc County Land Transfer and Economic Develop-ment Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3961, the ‘‘Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, December 7, Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Oversight of IT and Cybersecurity at the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Rules, December 5, Full Committee, hear-ing on H.R. 38, the ‘‘Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., H–313 Capitol. December 6, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 477, the ‘‘Small Business Mergers, Acquisitions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 3971, the ‘‘Community Institution Mortgage Relief Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, December 6, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing enti-tled ‘‘From Lab to Market: A Review of NSF Innovation Corps’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. December 6, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘NASA’s Next Four Large Telescopes’’, 2 p.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, December 7, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘New Names, Same Problems: The VA Medical Surgical Prime Vendor Program’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1275 December 1, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 188 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 432 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through November 30, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 177 173 . . Time in session ................................... 1,062 hrs., 53 ′ 781 hrs., 17′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 7,651 9,570 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 1,630 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 29 60 89 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 390 608 998 Senate bills .................................. 101 24 . . House bills .................................. 50 403 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 8 6 . . House joint resolutions ............... 16 19 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 9 8 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 8 14 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 198 134 . . Measures reported, total ...................... * 254 426 680 Senate bills .................................. 196 1 . . House bills .................................. 28 328 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 1 . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . 2 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 2 . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . 4 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 27 91 . . Special reports ..................................... 13 5 . . Conference reports ............................... 1 1 . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 173 98 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 2,596 5,360 7,956 Bills ............................................. 2,172 4,507 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 49 121 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 30 94 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 345 638 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 289 300 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 348 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through November 30, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 553, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 268 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 249 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 36 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1,211, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 933 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 278 Air Force nominations, totaling 5,962, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 5,594 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 367 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Army nominations, totaling 6,613, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 6,552 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 60 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 1 Navy nominations, totaling 4,278, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 4,218 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 60 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 1,314, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1,314 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 19,931 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 18,879 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 1,014 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 38 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1276 December 1, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, December 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security, and vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 6 p.m., Monday, December 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Brady, Kevin, Tex., E1624 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E1624 Clarke, Yvette D., N.Y., E1629 Dunn, Neal P., Fla., E1626 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1622 Fitzpatrick, Brian K., Pa., E1630 Fortenberry, Jeff, Nebr., E1626 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1625 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E1623, E1625, E1626, E1627, E1628, E1629, E1630 Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1623 Graves, Sam, Mo., E1624 Griffith, H. Morgan, Va., E1623 Hartzler, Vicky, Mo., E1626 Jayapal, Pramila, Wash., E1623, E1624 Jones, Walter B., N.C., E1627 Lawson, Al, Jr., Fla., E1625 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E1625 Long, Billy, Mo., E1626, E1628 McSally, Martha, Ariz., E1622 Mitchell, Paul, Mich., E1627 Posey, Bill, Fla., E1628 Rogers, Mike, Ala., E1626 Roybal-Allard, Lucille, Calif., E1630 Schweikert, David, Ariz., E1621 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1624 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1621 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1626 Tonko, Paul, N.Y., E1629 Watson Coleman, Bonnie, N.J., E1627 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 10:58 Dec 02, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D01DE7.REC D01DEPT1