Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Adam Gauzy of the Washington Blue Jays for his first place win in the 400 meter dash at the 2017 Missouri Class 4 Boys Track and Field State Championship. Adam and his coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Adam Gauzy for a job well done. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional young person from my district. Michael Jose Zelaya, a member of Boy Scout Troop 220 in Albuquerque, NM. Michael recently achieved the rank of Eagle Scout following 12 years in scouting. Michael’s perseverance and dedication in the Boy Scouting program has helped shape his desire to be a leader in his community. For his Eagle Scout Service Project, Michael constructed several large barriers at the Albuquerque Bio Park. This was designed to deter aggressive gorilla behavior, enhancing both the experience for the patrons as well as the safety of the animals. Through scouting Michael has grown as an individual and as a member of his community. With Boy Scout Troop 220, Michael and many of his fellow boy scouts have volunteered countless hours of community service. Landscape projects, food banks, trail preservation, awareness walks, tree and garden restoration, and several improvement projects at his church that kindly host the troop are just a small representation of Michael’s character and work ethic. Over the last 12 years in scouting, Michael has hiked hundreds of miles, learned lifesaving first aid and CPR, has visited the Federal Court and U.S. Marshall Facility, also learned auto mechanic basics, practiced gun safety, rifle shooting, and many more experiences; but most importantly, he has built friendships and grown in the love he has for his country. I am confident that Michael will continue to be a leader in our community and I look forward to hearing about his continued success. Congratulations, Michael. f 
CONGRATULATING ALICIA BURNETT OF THE FORT ZUMWALT SOUTH BULLDOGS 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Alicia Burnett of the Fort Zumwalt South Bulldogs for her first place win in the 100, 200, and 400 meter dash at the 2017 Missouri Class 4 Girls Track and Field State Championship. Alicia and her coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Alicia Burnett on a job well done. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Brianna Haller of the Fatima Comets for her first place win in the 1600 and 3200 meter run at the 2017 Missouri Class 3 Girls Track and Field State Championship. Brianna and her coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Brianna Haller on a job well done. 
Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary accomplishments of Aixa Torres on the occasion of her birthday and retirement. Ms. Torres was born in Santurce, Puerto Rico, to Domingo Arturo Torres and America Figueras. She moved with her parents and sisters to New York City in 
1955, where she attended public schools. Ms. Torres graduated from the City University of New York and Lincoln University. Among her many achievements, Ms. Torres was instrumental in working with local elected officials to push the New York City Housing Authority to fully repair old, faulty gas pipes at Smith Houses that sometimes forced residents to go without cooking gas for weeks or months at a time. Under this leadership and partnership, Smith residents can reliably use their ovens and stoves without having to worry about looming gas outages. Ms. Torres’ leadership has also been put to the test by multiple natural disasters. Her efforts resulted in the successful evacuation of hundreds of Smith residents ahead of Hurricane Irene, and her advocacy during Hurricane Sandy demonstrated that an organized community can overcome the worst of disasters. On behalf of the residents of Alfred E. Smith Houses, she recently formed a Sandy Task Force for the purpose of overseeing the Sandy Recovery and Resiliency at Smith. After decades of community work, serving on advisory councils and public school parent associations, Ms. Torres retired in 2014 from the Department of Education as the Lower East Side’s Family Advocate. In August 2004, she, along with Principal Santiago Tavares, instituted a Citywide High School Summer Graduation. In 2010, Torres also began serving as President of the Alfred E. Smith Resident Association, on Manhattan’s Lower East Side. Ms. Torres married the late George Carmona, Jr. in 1971, and had two children, George III and Liza Noemi. For more than 50 years, she has resided on the Lower East Side of Manhattan, where she lives with her daughter and grandchildren, Mia and Elijah. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Camdenton Lakers Girls Relay Team for their first place win in the 4x400 meter relay at the 2017 Missouri Class 4 Girls Track and Field State Championship. This team and their coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing the Camdenton Lakers Girls Relay Team on a job well done. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Chloe Ramsey of the Helias Catholic Crusaders for her first place win in pole vault at the 2017 Missouri Class 4 Girls Track and Field State Championship. Chloe and her coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Chloe Ramsey on a job well done. f 
Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Design Collaborative, an architecture and engineering firm in Fort Wayne, Indiana. This year marks their 25th anniversary. Since 1992, Design Collaborative, and its team of architects, engineers, interior designers, and graphic designers has created projects in northeast Indiana, with work focused on higher education, healthcare, and workplace design. Over the last few years, it has developed a strong portfolio in the design of spaces for financial, recreational, multifamily housing, and civic clients. The company was founded by two architects and an engineer with dreams of improving people’s worlds through the design of peoplefirst places. Today, Design Collaborative employs over 60 people and is a model business for developing a culture and environment that attracts and retains talent to the region. They are also consistently and actively involved in the development of downtown Fort Wayne and northeast Indiana. Their work has helped make the Fort Wayne region a destination to live, work, and play. Over 25 years, Design Collaborative has designed thousands of projects in Fort Wayne and beyond, impacting clients in Indiana, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. Design Collaborative has earned multiple honors, including the 2011 American Institute of Architects Indiana Chapter Distinguished Firm of the Year, 2015 Indiana Office of Small Business Entrepreneurship Companies to Watch, 2017 Professional Services Management Journal Circle of Excellence, 7time Best Places to Work in Indiana, and multiple local and national design awards from organizations like the American Institute of Architects, American School and University Magazine, and Illumination Engineering Society. Since its beginning, Design Collaborative has always believed that the true measure of a project’s success is the positive impact it has on the lives of the people who use it. Design Collaborative truly believes in peoplefirst places. Its goal is to make life better for the people who live, work, learn, heal, or worship inside the spaces they design. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the entire team at Design Collaborative on 25 years of improving people’s worlds through design, and wish them another 25 years and more. CONGRATULATING DERIC PURNELL OF THE UNION WILDCATS HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Deric Purnell of the Union Wildcats for his first place win in the 100 and 200 meter dash at the 2017 Missouri Class 4 Boys Track and Field State Championship. Deric and his coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Deric Purnell on a job well done. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Devon Ridenhour from the Owensville Dutchmen for his first place win in the long jump at the 2017 Missouri Class 3 Boys Track and Field State Championship. Devon and his coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Devon Ridenhour for a job well done. 
Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Captain Jeff Paganini upon his retirement after over forty years of firefighting in the Sonoma Valley. He has been serving as Captain at Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue since 1997. Captain Paganini began his fire service as a work experience student at Sonoma Fire Department in 1975. Two years later, at the age of eighteen, he became a regular volunteer firefighter and spent his summer working the fire season with the California Division of Forestry. In 1978, he served as a reserve firefighter for the Napa Fire Department before joining Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue as a paid Engineer. The department promoted Captain Paganini to Lieutenant in 1990 and Captain in 1997. In 1980, the Department recognized then Engineer Paganini as the Sonoma County Firefighter of the Year for his quick thinking during a house fire call. When he arrived to the scene with his crew, he witnessed a woman collapse and initiated CPR, an act that 
saved her life. Captain Paganini touched many lives during his years of fighting fires, serving the public and mentoring other firefighters. Many buildings and programs stand as a testament Captain Paganini’s excellent career. He secured funding and helped design the museum at the Albert C. Mazza Fire Station in Sonoma. The museum shares the rich history of firefighting the Sonoma Valley and displays several original objects and photos. He played a major role in the design of a state of the art training tower that is still in use. In 2006, Captain Paganini started the ‘‘Every 15 Minutes’’ program at Sonoma Valley High School. This program demonstrates the fatal outcomes related to driving drunk or impaired. He used his experience and insight to set the specifications for the new ladder truck to service our communities. Captain Paganini was instrumental in the formation and ultimate success of the Sonoma Valley Fire and Rescue Authority, which started as a Joint Powers Authority between City of Sonoma Fire and Valley of the Moon Fire District. Through skillful negotiating and compromising, he paved the way to establishing the great organization that our community enjoys today. Mr. Speaker, Captain Jeff Paganini has led a long career serving the people of our community. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor him here today and extend our best wishes for an enjoyable retirement. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Emma Engelbrecht of the New Haven Shamrocks for her first place win in the triple jump at the 2017 Missouri Class 1 Girls Track and Field State Championship. Emma and her coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Emma Engelbrecht for a job well done. 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the Eureka Girls Soccer Team on their first place win in the 2017 Missouri Class 4 Girls Soccer State Championship. This team should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing the Eureka Girls Soccer Team for a job well done. f 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Ms. Nellie Crowston and her tireless work on behalf of students, teachers, and our entire community in Torrington, Connecticut. Nellie passed away on July 30, 2017, at the age of 79, but her contributions and legacy will live on in Torrington for many years to come. Many in Torrington know Nellie for her decades of work as a public school teacher. She represented the best of what it means to be an educator. Nellie’s students remember her for her caring and encouraging nature. Nellie also possessed an astounding memory and regularly recognized her students around town years after they had left her classroom. Even after retiring, Nellie loved to return to the classroom as a substitute teacher and work with children. She was an inspiration to both her students and her fellow teachers. Outside of her teaching career, Nellie was an active member of our community and contributed to a number of causes close to her heart. Her work was crucial in saving and expanding the Torrington Alpha Delta Kappa chapter, a society for women educators. She boosted the group’s membership and organized fundraisers and events that expanded its presence in our city. Her work allowed Alpha Delta Kappa to provide grants to local teachers and scholarships to high school students. Nellie was also engaged in local and state politics and served on the Torrington Democratic Town Committee. She was instrumental in recruiting local candidates to run for office, organizing the Picnic Committee, and supporting voter outreach. What’s more, Nellie possessed an extensive knowledge of the issues facing Connecticut and her local community. Her enthusiasm for service inspired many of her fellow educators to become politically engaged and work to improve Connecticut’s schools. Nellie’s dedication to service should be a model for public servants everywhere. Mr. Speaker, Nellie Crowston was a dedicated teacher and community leader who inspired countless students and made Torrington a better place to live. It is fitting and proper that we honor her legacy here today. All those who knew her will cherish her memory. CONGRATULATING KATE RUEDIGER OF THE NEW HAVEN SHAMROCKS HON. BLAINE LUETKEMEYER 
Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Kate Ruediger of the New Haven Shamrocks for her first place win in javelin at the 2017 Missouri Class 1 Girls Track and Field State Championship. Kate and her coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. I ask you to join me in recognizing Kate Ruediger on a job well done. 
Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional young person from my district. Daniel Schoellkopf is an Albuquerque High School graduate who recently achieved the rank of Eagle Scout following 11 years in scouting. Daniel’s dedication to his goal of reaching the highest rank in the Boy Scouting program helped shape his desire to be a leader in his community. As part of his Eagle project, Daniel worked with the Drug Enforcement Agency on a program to encourage people to turn in unused prescription drugs at convenience centers. This effort is particularly important in New Mexico as we work to discourage the abuse of opioids, especially among young people. During his senior year in high school, Daniel worked at Kirtland Air Force Base as a lifeguard, where he was awarded the Bright Star civilian award by the U.S. Air Force. He has also worked summers at Camp Gorham north of Santa Fe. Daniel earned a ROTC scholarship to the University of New Mexico, where he would like to study political science and eventually become an officer in the military. Daniel recently visited my office in Washington, D.C. to raise awareness for Multiple Sclerosis (M.S.) with the M.S. Society advocacy group. The M.S. Society is a nonprofit organization dedicated to helping people with M.S. by funding research, driving change through advocacy, facilitating professional education, and providing programs and services that help people with M.S. and their families. I am confident that Daniel will continue to be a leader in our community and I look forward to hearing about his continued success. Congratulations, Daniel. 
The Senate met at 12:30:31 p.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 12:31:00 p.m. until 3:30 p.m., on Friday, August 11, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 1 public bill, H.R. 3647 was introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 2626, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 and the Immigration and Nationality Act to improve visa security, visa applicant vetting, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–273, Part 1); and H.R. 2805, to permanently authorize the AsiaPacific Economic Cooperation Business Travel Card Program, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–274). 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Long to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Scott W. Wilson, Capitol Hill Presbyterian Church, Washington, DC. 
Senate Referral: S. 826 was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources, the Committee on Agriculture, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology.
                                                         Page H6591 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H6591. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 11 a.m. and adjourned at 11:02 a.m. 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3:30 p.m., Friday, August 11 
Program for Friday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Friday, August 11 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E1124 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1125 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1123, E1123, E1123, E1124, E1124, E1124, E1124, E1125, E1125, E1125 Lujan Grisham, Michelle, N.M., E1123, E1125 Price, David E., N.C., E1123 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1124 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1123 