Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 551, and YEA on Roll Call No. 552. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and thank my outgoing Deputy Chief of Staff, Blaire Bartlett. Raised in the small town of Westerville, Ohio, Blaire Marie Bartlett grew up with a desire for enriching the lives of others. After graduating from Westerville North High School, Blaire enrolled in Spring Hill College on a golf scholarship where she later obtained a B.A. in Hispanic Studies and a B.S. in International Studies. Subsequently, former Congressman Jim Walsh hired Blaire as his Executive Assistant. After working in various offices, both on and offHill, Blaire joined my staff in 2015 within weeks of my swearingin. I have seen firsthand just how vital an asset Blaire Bartlett is. She is the glue that holds an office together. She brings strength, intelligence, poise, and humor to a job in which those qualities are in high demand, but low supply. Her incredible work ethic has made my office function better than a well oiled machine. Furthermore, Blaire’s selfless passion for animal welfare and human rights is refreshing to see in a town where many think only of themselves. Mr. Speaker, after spending almost 12 years working in Congress, Blaire is ready for a new chapter in her life. I will miss having her and her dog, Monkey, in my office each day. Nonetheless, I am profoundly grateful for everything she has done for me, my staff, and the citizens of New York’s 11th Congressional District. 
RECOGNIZING STAFF SERGEANT RICHARD B. HUNTER ON RECEIVING THE AIR FORCE CROSS 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to pay tribute to Staff Sergeant Richard B. Hunter upon being awarded the Air Force Cross, the second highest military decoration that may be awarded to a member of the United States Air Force. While deployed as a combat controller in November 2016, Staff Sergeant Hunter heroically and without regard for his personal safety, maximized effects on the battlefield by integrating air assets, employing precision fires, and protecting the wounded with his own body, saving the lives of his teammates. As friendly forces entered the village, they were ambushed by heavy machine gun fire from insurgents. Staff Sergeant Hunter immediately identified the enemy locations and directed multiple ‘‘dangerclose’’ strikes so close the team was blasted by dirt. While under enemy fire, Staff Sergeant Hunter shielded the wounded with his body and provided suppressing fire with his rifle. Simultaneously, he coordinated close air support missions, deconflicted airspace, and maximized fire support from the overhead gunships. While attempting to maneuver out of the kill zone, Staff Sergeant Hunter continued to accurately direct ‘‘dangerclose’’ engagements on the massing enemy forces. Due to the smoke being so thick the team couldn’t see, Sergeant Hunter used the overhead aircraft to direct them through the village. At great risk to his life, Staff Sergeant Hunter acted to protect and recover his wounded teammates. While under heavy fire, he was able to direct air strikes via a radio in one hand, and use the other to drag the wounded to safety. Staff Sergeant Hunter controlled 31 ‘‘dangerclose’’ missions resulting in an estimated 27 enemies eliminated and 3 vehicles destroyed, with the closest precision strike 9 feet away. The courage shown by this dedicated Special Tactics Combat Controller is a true testament of his character. Staff Sergeant Hunter has displayed selfless commitment to service and sacrifice. The exceptional skill that Staff Sergeant Hunter demonstrated resulted in 57 total lives saved. Through his extraordinary heroism, superb airmanship, and aggressiveness in the face of the enemy, Staff Sergeant Hunter reflected the highest credit upon himself and the United States Air Force. The entire Northwest Florida community is immensely proud of our District’s tradition of military service and support for all those who bravely serve our Nation. On behalf of the United States Congress, it is a true honor to recognize Staff Sergeant Richard B. Hunter upon this most notable distinction. He is truly a remarkable man, and I thank him for his selfless service to his country. f 
Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Mr. Keith Swerdfeger of Pueblo, Colorado, who has been honored with the Lifetime Business Achievement Award from the Colorado State University—Pueblo. Keith Swerdfeger was born and raised in Pueblo, Colorado, and has had a lifelong passion to start a business and make a contribution to his hometown. In 1968, Keith realized his dream of becoming a business owner, opening Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. with his wife Sharon. This was the beginning of a very successful business venture. Today, Swerdfeger Construction, Inc. is a vital part of Pueblo’s economy as well as in southern Colorado and six other states, employing up to 500 people. Keith readily gives all of the credit to his employees for his company’s success, while continuing to strive to create more jobs and opportunities. Keith is passionate about investing in the Pueblo community and firmly believes that part of his company’s success has come as the result of the work he, his family and employees have done to give back. Keith has been very active with the Pueblo Economic Development Corporation, Pueblo County United Way, the Colorado Contractors, the Distribution Contractor Association, the Greater Pueblo Chamber of Commerce and other civic and industry associations. Keith represented Colorado House of Representatives District 47 from 2011 to 2013 where he served on the Economic and Business Development Committee, the Finance Committee and the Local Government Committee. He was a strong advocate for his District and the community of Pueblo and worked diligently to bring jobs and economic opportunities to the people of southern Colorado. Mr. Speaker, Keith Swerdfeger has been a longtime business leader and tireless civic volunteer for his hometown of Pueblo, Colorado. I’m fortunate to consider him a dear friend. When we tell younger generations of Puebloans that the keys to a successful life are dedication and a strong work ethic, we can point to Keith as an example. Pueblo is grateful to have Keith Swerdfeger as one of its sons. f 
HONORING THE SHAVERTOWN VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT MEDAL OF VALOR RECIPIENTS 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I honor the first responders of the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department, who are being presented with Medals of Valor for their selfless acts to rescue Iilou Warmouth earlier this year during a terrible house fire. On the night of July 4, 2017, the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department received reports of a massive fire consuming two homes in the nearby Dallas Borough. After arriving at the scene, the firefighters discovered that Mrs. Warmouth was trapped in one of the burning buildings. 
Firefighter Keith Rinehimer found Mrs. Warmouth, selflessly running into the flames to save her. During the rescue, his face mask malfunctioned, forcing him to inhale smoke, but he continued to push on. As he helped carry Mrs. Warmouth through the fire, he was forced to remove his gloves to help carry her, receiving severe burns on both hands. Firefighter Ted Sherrill helped Keith Rinehimer move Mrs. Warmouth from the bedroom, through smoke and flames, to the kitchen where they were met by Assistant Chief Erik Sowga, Captain David Rinehimer, and firefighter John Berti. Together, they decided to exit the building through the front door, in order to get Mrs. Warmouth lifesaving medical attention as quickly as possible, despite the fact that it was consumed by fire with temperatures reaching 800 degrees. Mrs. Warmouth was taken to the Geisinger Trauma Center immediately for treatment, while Keith Rinehimer was treated for burns on both hands, as well as smoke inhalation, and all other first responders on scene were treated for heat exhaustion. Thankfully, Mrs. Warmouth has made a full recovery and all members of the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department have already returned to serving their communities. Assistant Chief Erik Sowga, Captain David Rinehimer, and firefighters Keith Rinehimer, Ted Sherrill, and John Berti all went above and beyond the call of duty that Independence Day. Their selfless and courageous acts saved the life of Mrs. Warmouth, and for that they are more than deserving of the Medals of Valor they are being presented with. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring these true American heroes of the Shavertown Volunteer Fire Department. 
Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize St. Peter’s Boys High School on the 100th anniversary of its founding. While founded in 1917, St. Peter’s Boys High School can trace its roots back to 1839 when the parish was originally dedicated. Operated by the Christian Brothers of St. John Baptist de La Salle, St. Peter’s has a proud history of providing boys in the community with a quality education. After the Christian Brothers were temporarily recalled due to the First World War, local clergy ran the school until 1930. In 1943, St. Peter’s officially moved to its location on Clinton Avenue where it has been educating Staten Island’s youth ever since. St. Peter’s Boys High School is an unwavering commitment to turning students into intelligent, mature young men. Moreover, under the guidance of John Fodera for the past 50 years, St. Peter’s has had an outstanding impact in the Staten Island community. The school’s dedication to instilling proper morals, ethics, and civic responsibilities is nothing short of commendable. Furthermore, St. Peter’s top priority to helping every student achieve his fullest potential proves what a blessing the school has been to Staten Island. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate St. Peter’s Boys High School on its 100th anniversary. Its long success in education has benefitted not just students, but parents and faculty as well. f 
HONORING RHINE VFW POST NO. 2729 ON ITS 85TH ANNIVERSARY 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Rhine VFW Post No. 2729, which will celebrate 85 years of service to veterans and the community at the end of this month. On October 29, 1932, a group of 21 World War I veterans led by Leo Spychalski, Frank Chalupa, Joseph Sagan, and John Kwasny founded Rhine VFW Post No. 2729. Following World War II the post’s membership grew to over 100 members, which led them to their current home at 5858 West Archer Avenue in Chicago. Over the years, members of the Rhine Post have served the local community with just as much honor and dedication as when they served the nation in the Armed Forces. The Post has long been a cornerstone of the Southwest Side of Chicago. They have organized everything from an annual Memorial Day Parade to distributing American flags to local schools. Additionally, the Post has trained rifle and drill teams, organized visits to veterans in local hospitals, and engaged in area school programs such as the Voice of Democracy Scholarship Program. Members of the Rhine Post continue to take pride in helping those in need through community service. The Post is an active partner of the VFW National Home for Children which houses the children and spouses of deployed military members at no cost. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the honorable military and community service of the members of Rhine VFW Post No. 2729. Their sacrifices for our community and our nation are a shining example of the American values that we should all embrace. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Pervis Spann who was inducted into the Chicago Blues Hall of Fame on Sunday, October 15, 2017. Born in Itta Bena, Mississippi, Mr. Spann spent his teenage years caring for his ailing mother after she suffered a stroke. Eventually, he and his family moved to Battle Creek, Michigan in 1949. His time there was short lived as he soon left to work in Gary, Indiana, and served his country with by serving in the Korean War, before returning to live in Chicago where he worked in a steel mill, drove a taxi, and repaired television sets. Like many young men of the era, Mr. Spann used his G.I. Bill benefits to advance his education when he attended the Midwestern Broadcasting School, which led to his work on WOPA radio in 1959. Only a year later, he organized his first concert featuring B.B. King and Junior Parker and three years later, when Leonard and Phil Chess launched WVON, Mr. Spann hosted a regular late night blues slot and became known as the ‘‘allnight blues man.’’ His most famous act of the era was when he hosted an 87hour ‘‘sleepless sitin’’ to raise money for Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. During the 1960s, Mr. Spann managed the careers of leading artists including B.B. King, Bobby Bland, Junior Parker, Albert King, Little Milton, and, as he recalls, had a role in discovering the Jackson 5 and Chaka Khan. In 1975, after WVON was sold and changed frequency, Mr. Spann, in partnership with Vernon Jarrett and Wesley South, bought the license to the original frequency and launched a new station, WXOL, which featured an all blues format and many of the same voices from the old WVON. Later, in 1983, WXOL was able to reclaim the old call letters and resumed operation as WVON. Today, Mr. Spann, with his daughter, Melody Spann Cooper at the helm of WVON (which I must note is located in my district), continues his career promoting the blues as the cohost of the popular cable TV program ‘‘Blues and More.’’ Needless to say, Mr. Pervis Spann has accomplished much in his lifetime and has helped craft the blues so many of us know and love today. Before I close, Mr. Speaker, I would be remiss if I didn’t take a moment to note a few of Mr. Spann’s wellknown words of wisdom. As he said it, ‘‘If you don’t love the blues, you got a hole in your soul.’’ As a lover of blues, myself, I can confirm the veracity of his words. So, Mr. Speaker, on behalf of all of my constituents in the 1st Congressional District of Illinois, I would like to once again extend my sincerest congratulations. f 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, during the week of October 10 to October 13, 2017, I remained in my district in California to assist with relief efforts for catastrophic wildfires that displaced hundreds of my constituents. As a result, I was absent for Roll Call votes 558 through 568. Had I been present for Roll Call vote 558, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 1858, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 559, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 2464, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 560, on ordering the previous question of H. Res. 562, I would have voted no. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 561, on agreeing to H. Res. 562, I would have voted no. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 562, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 452, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 563, on suspension of the rules and passage of H.R. 3243, I would have voted yes. 
And had I been present for Roll Call vote 564, on instructing conferees on H.R. 2810, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 565, on closing portions of the conference on H.R. 2810, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 566, on suspension of the rules and agreement to H. Res. 569, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 567, to recommit with instructions S. 585, I would have voted yes. And had I been present for Roll Call vote 568, on passage of S. 585, I would have voted yes. 
COMMEMORATING THE 60TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FOUNDING OF PEACE ACTION 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Peace Action, the nation’s largest grassroots peace network, on its 60th Anniversary. Founded as ‘SANE’ in November 1957 in New York City by Lenore Marshall and Norman Cousins and others in response to the nuclear arms race, the organization was renamed Peace Action in 1993. Among the organization’s most notable members and supporters in its long and illustrious history are former chaplain of Yale University and pastor of New York City’s Riverside Church, William Sloane Coffin; Marlon Brando, Henry Fonda, Marilyn Monroe, Arthur Miller, Harry Belafonte, Ossie Davis; Martin Buber, Pablo Casals, Bertrand Russell and Albert Schweitzer. For 60 years, Peace Action has worked for an environment where all are free from violence, war, and the proliferation of nuclear, biological, chemical, and other weapons of mass destruction. A core principle underlying the work of Peace Action is that longstanding global conflicts require longterm solutions and that U.S. foreign policy has a lasting effect on the world. That is why Peace Action advocates on behalf of American foreign policy that supports peace, human rights, and democracy and organizes against preemptive wars and bellicose militarism. Every day Peace Action chapters and affiliates in states across the country are working every day to promote a new U.S. foreign policy is based on peaceful cooperation, diplomatic engagement, and collective action to confront the greatest common threats to humankind—war, famine, disease. Peace Action understands that war cannot be the appropriate response to every international or domestic conflict is not a suitable response to conflict and is committed to working toward the day that every person on earth can live in a world without war or threat of nuclear annihilation. That is what Peace Action and its legions of peace warriors have done for the past 60 years and it is the work they are committed to today and will be committed to until the job is done. Happy birthday Peace Action, and I thank them for their tireless and unceasing efforts in pursuit of a more peaceful world. HONORING THE 150TH ANNIVERSARY OF COLOSSIAN BAPTIST CHURCH HON. ROBERT C. ‘‘BOBBY’’ SCOTT 
Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 150th anniversary of Colossian Baptist Church in Newport News, Virginia. Colossian Baptist Church was established in 1867 on Mulberry Island, Virginia. Reverend Henry Harris and Reverend Walter Williams worked together to organize the church along with other members of the First Baptist Church in Hampton and locals from the Island. The group began to meet together with the hope that they could build a congregation born out of community and anchored in faith. These early services were held in a barn on Mulberry Island’s Follies Farm, led by Reverend Williams. Reverend Williams served as the church’s pastor for its first five years. Following his service, he was succeeded by Reverend Thomas Poole in 1872 and Reverend Thomas Wright in 1887. The congregation of Colossian Baptist Church continued worship in the Follies Farm Barn until it burned down in a fire. Reverend Aaron Wyatt, elected as pastor in 1894, oversaw the church’s transition into their new building. The church was then rebuilt in 1915 following a devastating windstorm, but the congregation soon needed to move again. In response to the outbreak of World War I, the United States Army bought and repurposed the Colossian Baptist Church property. That area is currently the United States Army Transportation Center at Fort Eustis, Virginia. Following their displacement, the church moved to Newport News, and has remained there ever since. Reverend Irvin D. Melvin was named the first fulltime pastor of Colossian Baptist Church in 1989, and the church has only grown stronger since that time through the expansion of their music, fellowship, and youth programs. Reverend Peter A. Evans became the church’s third fulltime pastor in 1999. Under his leadership, the church broke ground on a new edifice in 2005, and construction was successfully completed in 2006. Over the years, Colossian Baptist Church has continued to grow as it expands its outreach to the community. The church works with Greenwood Elementary School in a partnership dedicated to mentoring young men. Since 2014, the church has overseen the ‘‘Christmas House’’ program during December, which serves the local community by providing an avenue for the needy to access clothing, food, and more free of charge. Over the last 150 years, Colossian Baptist Church has been served by many dedicated men of faith—Rev. Henry Harris, Rev. Walter Williams, Rev. Thomas Poole, Rev. Thomas Wright, Rev. Aaron Wyatt, Rev. Frank Ashby, Rev. David D. Harris, Rev. Thomas Ash, Rev. Andrew D. Holmes, Rev. Frank Rylander, Rev. William Cheeseman, Rev. Elick Edlow, Rev. James M. Lee, Rev. Irvin D. Melvin, Rev. Steven W. Banks, Rev. Lloyd Williams, Sr., and Rev. Peter A. Evans. Mr. Speaker, as Colossian Baptist Church of Newport News, Virginia celebrates this historic milestone, its congregation can rejoice in 150 years of successful discipleship and service to the Hampton Roads community. I would like to congratulate Reverend Peter A. Evans and all of the members of the church’s congregation. I hope that their next 150 years proves to be as rewarding and fruitful as the first. 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize Annual Surrender Day in Schuylerville, New York, a day that commemorates the surrender of British General John Burgoyne to the colonial army following the Battle of Saratoga. The Battle at Saratoga, fought in October 1777, marked a crucial win for the Americans that is considered the turning point leading to victory in the Revolutionary War. After a failed campaign through the Adirondack region of New York, General Burgoyne found his army surrounded by American forces and retreated to Saratoga where he surrendered his entire army to American General Horatio Gates. The surrender at Saratoga not only bolstered American morale in the north, but also served as a deciding factor in bringing active French support to the American cause. The residents of the Saratoga region celebrate this historic day with a reenactment of the famous battle, music from local students and musicians, and other Revolutionary War related festivities. We are proud that the 21st District of New York can commemorate this important event in American history. 
HONORING 125TH ANNIVERSARY OF ST. ELIZABETH OF HUNGARY CATHOLIC CHURCH 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the Congressional Hungarian Caucus, I rise today with great pleasure and enthusiasm to congratulate St. Elizabeth of Hungary Catholic Church in Cleveland on their 125th anniversary. St. Elizabeth is North America’s oldest Hungarian Church. The history of this notable congregation begins in 1892, where a small woodframed church on the corner of Buckeye Road and East 90th Street in Cleveland held mass for the faithful. On June 4, 1893, the cornerstone of the first St. Elizabeth’s Catholic Church was laid, providing seating for up to 800 Hungarian immigrants at a single mass. Ten years later, the church was too small to accommodate the thousands of Roman Catholic Hungarian immigrants who settled in this area. In 1907, the Pastor of the church began to petition the Bishop of Cleveland for permission to raise 
money to build a new church which could accommodate more parishioners. Construction of the new church begun in 1918 and was completed in 1922. In addition to the completion of the church structure that still stands today, the community built a parish hall that became a community center for the neighborhood’s Hungarians, a true social and religious meeting center of ‘‘Little Hungary’’ on Buckeye Road. St. Elizabeth’s was designed by Cleveland architect Emile Uhlrich and is an example of Italianinfluenced Baroque Revival architecture. It was partly modelled after the church of Sant’ Agnese in Agone in Rome. St. Elizabeth’s Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places, qualifying both because of its place in Cleveland’s history and because of its historically significant architecture. The congregation of St. Elizabeth’s weathered many changes throughout the decades, but remained true to its mission and to its dedication to Hungarian heritage. St. Elizabeth’s Church is a magnificent example of all that a spiritual home should be for the past 125 years. Our hope is that St. Elizabeth of Hungary Catholic Church’s congregation continues to grow and prosper through the years. Gratulalok. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor one of my constituents, Mr. Stan Betz, for his immense dedication serving the community of Santa Ana. Mr. Betz, who passed away on September 28, 2017 and whose life we will always remember was a wellknown custom car builder and an Anaheim High School Hall of Famer who recently celebrated his 90th birthday. Mr. Betz grew up on an orange ranch on Lemon Street in Anaheim and was a member of the Anaheim High School Class of 1946. From an early age, Mr. Betz became interested in cars and they remained his passion throughout his entire life. His uncle, Dick Kraft, one of the original Hot Rodders who came up with many innovations during his career, was a great source of inspiration and encouragement for Mr. Betz. And his legendary skills as a master car builder and painter made him famous in the automotive world. Moreover, Mr. Betz’s shop was a popular local meeting spot for all car enthusiasts and aficionados in the 1950’s. His commitment and passion with automobiles and his work in the industry creating masterpieces continued throughout the decades. When business slowed down, Mr. Betz added paint products to his establishment, and his shop soon gained the reputation for being the best place to find a precise paint color. Mr. Betz fully embodied the value of community service in all aspects of his life. He was not only a pioneer in the automotive industry but also a skilled businessman. As an avid community advocate, he made valuable contributions to the local community, such as stopping by Anaheim High School to interact with students. Mr. Betz combined his passion for cars with his passion to uplift the community, and kept them both firmly rooted as a part of his life. Mr. Speaker, Mr. Betz is an example of the value found in community engagement. I am honored to recognize Mr. Betz for doing his part in bridging the gap, and thank him for the positive impact he has made on the Santa Ana and Orange County community. f 
ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF REQUIREMENTS ACT, 2017 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2266, which provides $36.5 billion in aid to respond to the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, and the wildfires currently raging in California. Specifically, the aid package before us provides an additional $18.7 billion in supplemental appropriations for the Federal Emergency Management Agency’s (FEMA) Disaster Relief Fund (DRF) under the continuing resolution (CR) that runs through Dec. 8 (P.L. 115–56). Of this amount, as much as $4.9 billion could be transferred to FEMA’s Community Direct Loan (CDL) program to help local governments and U.S. territories provide essential services. The legislation before also provides an additional $16 billion in borrowing authority to the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP), which reached its borrowing limit after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma. To alleviate the damage and suffering caused by the wildfires in California, the legislation provides $576.5 million for federal wildfire suppression programs. There are particular concerns for our seniors who survived the terrible storms that ravaged the Texas Coast, Florida, U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico because so many of them are alone, while trying to the do difficult and hard job of cleaning out their homes, or removing debris from their yards. Mr. Speaker, the work is not done in my State of Texas. There are thousands of families who have no home to return to following the historic flood. We have lowincome communities that are struggling to find the new normal that FEMA officials warned Texans would need to accept following the historic flood. A substantial portion of Houston’s residents live in multifamily dwellings. The city has lost lowincome housing for the elderly and the disabled. The number of persons who remain displaced and unable to find permanent housing remains unacceptably high, with many towns and cities left without space at hotels for visitors or tourists, which contribute much needed dollars to local economies. As we rebuild the city must have sufficient numbers of lowincome, affordable, and accessible housing within the city limits so that lives, families and communities can be restored. The economics of a city requires that we make room for everyone as Houston recovers. Part of the work of rebuilding is to be sure that postHurricane Harvey rebuilding and recovery leads to a better quality of life for all of the people of Houston. If we have the right balance of low income, and affordable housing in the mix as we plan the rebuild the recovery efforts will be a great success. We need a commitment that Community Development Block Grant Program dollars will have a dedicated amount to rebuild, repair, or replace lowincome affordable housing. Recovery work in homes damaged by flood water is hard work for young people, but it is almost an impossible task for the elderly and many are at risk of physical injury or falling into poor health due to their age or medical condition. I am particularly concerned about the elderly who survived the Hurricanes in Texas, Florida, U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. Our nation’s seniors are proudly independent, but a hurricane was not part of their retirement plan. Our seniors are trying to remove water logged furniture, remove sodden carpets, or knock out damaged drywall. They are put at risk of being injured or becoming ill. Our seniors should not have to face the task of recovery alone because they have survived their children or may not live near a relative who can help them. My request to the appropriators is to remember that disasters do not visit only the young and healthy. The disabled and elderly are victims and their needs during the recovery are very different and this should be addressed. We need help our elderly and disabled with getting sufficient resources in place to do this difficult and heavy work of clearing their homes so that they are safe, sanitary and can be occupied. If the homes of seniors are not cleared their lives are put at risk due to mold, which will come because Houston is a subtropical area where dampness will allow spores to grow within homes, which can cause health concerns. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention alerted my office that they were conducting surveillance in the Houston area for medical conditions that can arise from exposure to mold because of reported cases. In future disasters there should be an effort to extend the work of federal relief including seeing to the needs of the elderly to be sure they are living in safe and sanitary conditions. Harvey did not spare Houston’s arts community or public spaces, but caused tremendous damage to the: Alley Theater; Worthem Opera; Jones Hall; and Hobby Center. We must include plans to address the root cause of some of the most catastrophic flooding, water releases from the Addick and Barker Dams. I am committed to the Army Corp of Engineers replacement of both of those dams. The Army Corps should take the lead on ensuring that much needed work at the Port of Houston and throughout the impact zone for the flooding is done, after a post Hurricane Harvey assessment is completed to determine the source of the flooding and report on what needs to be done to mitigate the chance of a reoccurrence. 
Texas is months away from seeing the worse effects of the flood event. A record 51.88 inches fall in the Houston area during Hurricane Harvey’s torrential rains before the rain gauge broke that was used to measure precipitation, although the storm punished the upper Texas Coast with several more days of rain. According to the National Weather Service this was the largest recorded storm in the continental U.S. history. It is not an exaggeration to say that Hurricane Harvey was an historic catastrophic event. Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metropolis. This amount of rainfall could fill more than 24 thousand Astrodomes or supply the water for the raging Niagara Falls for 15 days. Hurricane Harvey caused damage to more than 134 thousand homes of which 99 thousand are in Harris County. The total number of homes with major damage or were destroyed was about 28 thousand, of which 16 thousand are in Harris County. And today, nearly four weeks later, thousands of Texans are still without permanent and stable housing situations. I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member LOWEY , and Speaker R YAN and Democratic Leader PELOSI , for bringing this supplemental funding bill to the floor in a timely manner because it lets the people of Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands know that the American people, acting through the Congress, stand in solidarity with them in their moment of heartbreak and anguish. Mr. Speaker, 21 days ago, on September 20, 2017, Hurricane Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico, along the southeastern coast, near the small town of Yabucoa. The devastation wrought on that beautiful Caribbean oasis and its 3.5 million inhabitants, our fellow citizens of the United States, is unimaginable, except perhaps to those of us who have lived through and survived similar natural disasters, like Hurricanes Harvey and Katrina. At least 48 people have died as a result of the storm as rescue and recovery operations proceed, and no electricity to combat the stifling heat, this number is likely to rise, especially with so many elderly, sick, and very young persons at risk. As we speak, more than half of Puerto Rico’s population (55 percent) is still without potable drinking water and 85 percent of Puerto Rico’s 1.57 million electricity customers are without power, the majority of which can be expected to remain in this state for as many as 10 months since Hurricane Maria knocked out nearly all of Puerto Rico’s 2,400 miles of transmission lines. Hurricane Maria destroyed 80 percent of Puerto Rico’s agricultural industry, including banana, plantain and coffee crops, which translates into lost income of approximately $780 million. And yesterday, the Governor of Puerto Rico announced that four persons had died from leptospirosis, a disease spread by animals’ urine, which they contracted by drinking from contaminated rivers and streams. On August 30, 2017, Hurricane Irma struck, inflicting horrific damage on the U.S. Virgin Islands of St. Thomas, St. Croix, and St. John, the Caribbean nations of Barbuda, St. Maarten, Cuba, and Anguilla, before making landfall in the Florida Keys. In Florida alone, 6.4 million people were told to evacuate to safety, leading to days of jammed highways and frantic searches for gasoline amid one of the nation’s largest ever emergency evacuations. At least 124 persons are known to have lost their lives in Hurricane Irma and more than 200,000 Floridians took refuge in shelters. Nearly 7.2 million homes and businesses were without power in the southeast part of the United States, 6.5 million of which were in Florida. Mr. Speaker, we do not yet know the full extent of the damage and devastation suffered by our fellows Americans in Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico in the wake of Hurricanes Irma and Maria. But what we do know is that the costs of recovery and reconstruction will be extensive, best estimates place the cost in the range of $50–$100 billion. That is why I strongly support the legislation pending before us appropriating an additional $18.7 billion for the FEMADisaster Relief Fund as the initial response of the Congress to the damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. But I must emphasize that what we are considering here is the initial response because much more funding will be needed because my state of Texas and Houston, my home city and the nation’s fourth largest city, remains devastated by Hurricane Harvey. I will be working closely with House and committee leadership to secure the substantial funding necessary to meet the needs of my constituents in the area of housing, community development, transportation, infrastructure, and water resource management that must be addressed in the next and subsequent supplemental appropriations measures to come before the House. These are and remain the highest priorities for my Texas colleagues and me and we will not waver in this pursuit, nor falter or fail in our advocacy. But while that works goes on, we must today rally to the aid of our fellow citizens in Florida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, and California who are facing and striving to overcome the difficulties visited upon them by Mother Nature. They were, and will be, there when Texas asked for help and are entitled to expect the same treatment in return. It is the right thing—the American thing—to do. I ask all Members to join me in voting to pass this House Amendment to Senate Amendment to H.R. 2266, Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act for Fiscal Year 2017 and to commit to providing our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Florida, and California the help and support they need to restore their communities to their previous greatness. 
OCTOBER 18 9:30 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nominations of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, all of the Department of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, and Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, and Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, each to be a Member of the National Mediation Board. SD–430 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, and David Ross, of Wisconsin, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. SD–406 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of General Services. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice. SH–216 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thomas L. Carter, of South 
Carolina, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Council of the International Civil Aviation Organization, Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser, and Manisha Singh, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Economic and Business Affairs), all of the Department of State. SD–419 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management To hold hearings to examine Federal support for research. SD–342 OCTOBER 19 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine the roles and responsibilities for defending the Nation from cyber attack; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC– 217, following the open session. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine how healthy choices can improve health outcomes and reduce costs. SD–430 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider the nominations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Scott C. Blader, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin, Mark A. Klaassen, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming, William C. Lamar, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi, John R. Lausch, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and J. Douglas Overbey, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine modernizing the Food for Peace program. SD–419 OCTOBER 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabilities to meet those threats. SVC–217 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold hearings to examine S. 1870, to amend the Victims of Crime Act of 1984 to secure urgent resources vital to Indian victims of crime, S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, and S. 1942, to direct the Attorney General to review, revise, and develop law enforcement and justice protocols appropriate to address missing and murdered Indians. SD–628 OCTOBER 26 10 a.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources To hold hearings to examine advanced cyber technologies that could be used to help protect electric grids and other energy infrastructure from cyberattacks. SD–366 
Routine Proceedings, pages S6383–6420 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1958–1964, S. Res. 291–292, and S. Con. Res. 25–26. 
Measures Reported: Reported on Friday, October 13, during the adjournment: S. Con. Res. 25, setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2018 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2019 through 2027. Reported on Monday, October 16: S. 21, to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–169) S. 886, to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish an Acquisition Review Board in the Department of Homeland Security. (S. Rept. No. 115–170) S. 1208, to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to provide for an option under the Secure Mail Initiative under which a person to whom a document is sent under that initiative may elect to have the United States Postal Service use the Hold for Pickup service or the Signature Confirmation service in delivering the document, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–171) S. 1584, to amend the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 to reauthorize the Judicial Conference of the United States to redact sensitive information contained in financial disclosure reports of judicial officers and employees. (S. Rept. No. 115–172) S. Res. 211, condemning the violence and persecution in Chechnya, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute and with an amended preamble. S. Res. 245, calling on the Government of Iran to release unjustly detained United States citizens and legal permanent resident aliens.
                         Page S6403 Measures Passed: Recognizing the AfricanAmerican Soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion: Committee on Armed Services was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 99, recognizing the 11 African American soldiers of the 333rd Field Artillery Battalion who were massacred in Wereth, Belgium, during the Battle of the Bulge in December 1944, and the resolution was then agreed to.
Condemning the Attack at a Country Music Festival in Las Vegas, Nevada: Senate agreed to S. Res. 292, condemning the brutal and senseless attack at a country music festival in Las Vegas, Nevada, honoring the memory of the victims of the deadly shooting, offering condolences to, and expressing support for, the families and friends of the victims and all of the individuals who were affected by the attack, and applauding the dedication and bravery of law enforcement officers, firefighters, paramedics, emergency medical technicians, medical professionals, hotel security and staff, and community members in responding to the attack.
Authorizing the Use of Emancipation Hall: Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 26, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for the unveiling of the American Prisoners of War/ Missing in Action (POW/MIA) Chair of Honor. 
Child Protection Improvements Act: Senate passed S. 705, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, after withdrawing the committee amendments, and agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1112, in the nature of a substitute.
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1113, to amend the title.
Child Protection Improvements Act: Committee on the Judiciary was discharged from further consideration of H.R. 695, to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and the bill was then passed, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto: 
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1114, in the nature of a substitute.
McConnell (for Hatch) Amendment No. 1115, to amend the title.
Appointments: Congressional Award Board: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursuant to Public Law 96–114, as amended, appointed the following individual to the Congressional Award Board: Laura O’Conner of Utah vice Wiley Dobbs of Idaho. 
Trachtenberg Nomination—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense.
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, October 17, 2017, as provided for under the order of Thursday, October 5, 2017.
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations: By 70 yeas to 23 nays (Vote No. EX. 217), Callista L. Gingrich, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Holy See.
Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, for the term of five years.
Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations: Kirstjen Nielsen, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. Alex A. Beehler, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of the Army. James E. McPherson, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of the Army. John C. Rood, of Arizona, to be Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Barry Lee Myers, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere. Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be Inspector General, Small Business Administration. Kathleen Hartnett White, of Texas, to be a Member of the Council on Environmental Quality. Gail S. Ennis, of Maryland, to be Inspector General, Social Security Administration. Stephen Akard, of Indiana, to be Director General of the Foreign Service. Brock D. Bierman, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development. Yleem D. S. Poblete, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Verification and Compliance). Preston Rutledge, of the District of Columbia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Labor. John Edward Dupuy, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Office of Personnel Management. James C. Ho, of Texas, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Fifth Circuit. Jon J. Rychalski, of Montana, to be Chief Financial Officer, Department of Veterans Affairs. 5 Air Force nominations in the rank of general. 48 Army nominations in the rank of general. 3 Navy nominations in the rank of admiral. Routine lists in the Air Force, Army, Navy, and Marine Corps.                                                      Pages S6411–20 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—217)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and adjourned at 6:44 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, October 17, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6411.) 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 4070–4076, were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 469, to impose certain limitations on consent decrees and settlement agreements by agencies that require the agencies to take regulatory action in accordance with the terms thereof, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–347); H.R. 1096, to amend title 31, United States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–348); and H.R. 1769, to affirm an agreement between the United States and Westlands Water District dated September 15, 2015, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–349).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Woodall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Monsignor Stephen Rossetti, Catholic University of America, Washington, DC. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no Yea and Nay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:02 a.m. 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D1031) 
H.R. 2519, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion. Signed on October 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–65) S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports. Signed on October 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–66) S. 810, to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri. Signed on October 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–67) S. 1141, to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict. Signed on October 6, 2017. (Public Law 115–68) f 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine consumer data security and the credit bureaus, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on how the drug delivery system affects what patients pay, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, and Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher R. Sharpley, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Central Intelligence Agency, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of October 17 through October 20, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 10:30 a.m. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
Committee on Armed Services: October 19, to hold hearings to examine the roles and responsibilities for defending the Nation from cyber attack; with the possibility of a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Octo ber 17, to hold hearings to examine consumer data security and the credit bureaus, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Environment and Public Works: October 18, business meeting to consider the nominations of Michael Dourson, of Ohio, to be Assistant Administrator for Toxic Substances, and William L. Wehrum, of Delaware, Matthew Z. Leopold, of Florida, and David Ross, of Wisconsin, each to be an Assistant Administrator, all of the Environmental Protection Agency, Paul Trombino III, of Wisconsin, to be Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, and Jeffery Martin Baran, of Virginia, to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: October 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Thomas L. Carter, of South Carolina, for the rank of Ambassador during his tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America on the Council of the International Civil Aviation Organization, Jennifer Gillian Newstead, of New York, to be Legal Adviser, and Manisha Singh, of Florida, to be an Assistant Secretary (Economic and Business Affairs), all of the Department of State, 2:30 p.m., SD–419. October 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine modernizing the Food for Peace program, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Oc tober 17, to hold hearings to examine the cost of prescription drugs, focusing on how the drug delivery system affects what patients pay, 10 a.m., SD–430. October 18, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary, Cheryl Marie Stanton, of South Carolina, to be Administrator of the Wage and Hour Division, and David G. Zatezalo, of West Virginia, to be Assistant Secretary for Mine Safety and Health, all of the Department of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board, and Gerald W. Fauth, of Virginia, Kyle Fortson, of the District of Columbia, and Linda A. Puchala, of Maryland, each to be a Member of the National Mediation Board, 9:30 a.m., SD–430. October 19, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine how healthy choices can improve health outcomes and reduce costs, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: October 18, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management, and Emily Webster Murphy, of Missouri, to be Administrator of General Services, 10 a.m., SD–342. October 18, Subcommittee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management, to hold hearings to examine Federal support for research, 2:30 p.m., SD–342. Committee on the Judiciary: October 17, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Gregory G. Katsas, of Virginia, to be United States Circuit Judge for the District of Columbia Circuit, Jeffrey Uhlman Beaverstock, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Alabama, Emily Coody Marks, and Brett Joseph Talley, both to be a United States District Judge for the Middle District of Alabama, and Holly Lou Teeter, to be United States District Judge for the District of Kansas, 10 a.m., SD–226. October 18, Full Committee, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SH–216. October 19, Full Committee, business meeting to consider the nominations of Stephanos Bibas, of Pennsylvania, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Third Circuit, Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Michael Lawrence Brown, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of North Carolina, William M. Ray II, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Georgia, Liles Clifton Burke, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, Walter David Counts III, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Texas, Michael Joseph Juneau, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Louisiana, A. Marvin Quattlebaum, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the District of South Carolina, Karen Gren Scholer, to be United States District Judge for the Northern District of Texas, Tilman Eugene Self III, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Georgia, and John C. Demers, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Attorney General, Scott C. Blader, to be United States Attorney for the Western District of Wisconsin, Mark A. Klaassen, to be United States Attorney for the District of Wyoming, William C. Lamar, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Mississippi, John R. Lausch, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, and J. Douglas Overbey, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Tennessee, all of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: October 17, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Christopher R. Sharpley, of Virginia, to be Inspector General, Central Intelligence Agency, 2:30 p.m., SH–216. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, October 17 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of David Joel Trachtenberg, of Virginia, to be a Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 10:30 a.m. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Thursday, October 19 
Program for Thursday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
HOUSE Barletta, Lou, Pa., E1379 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E1382 Donovan, Daniel M., Jr, N.Y., E1379, E1380 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1379 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1380 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1381, E1382 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1381 Lipinski, Daniel, Ill., E1380 Rush, Bobby L., Ill., E1380 Scalise, Steve, La., E1379 Scott, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’, Va., E1381 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1381 Tipton, Scott R., Colo., E1379 