Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, per-haps the most powerful moment on In-auguration Day when the President gave his speech was when he reminded his supporters and the people who were assembled there that there were too many in America who were forgotten by the Federal Government; and that it was his promise that he would, in fact, remember them in terms of how he de-veloped policies and programs during his time as President. It is a message which obviously he used quite effec-tively on the campaign trail. I think personally it is what propelled him into the White House. Fast forward to where we are today, Mr. Speaker. It is hard to really square that rhetoric with the budget, which was submitted a couple of weeks ago by the Trump administration. The one agency which probably has the closest connection to rural America, that part of the country which he was addressing in his comments on Inauguration Day, the U.S. Department of Agriculture, was cut by 20 percent in terms of what came over from the White House. Again, that was the third largest hit of any Federal agency of the entire Federal Government, the U.S. Depart-ment of Agriculture. It does so much in terms of helping farmers, small town America, and rural America in terms of dealing with the challenges which, again, I think, were just a huge, power-ful undercurrent in last November’s election. In particular, the budget proposes eliminating completely the USDA Rural Development for drinking water and wastewater programs, which, again, for so many communities, is des-perately needed. Again, the property tax base of small town and rural towns across the coun-try really cannot, by themselves, pay for sewer plants, pay for drinking water upgrades. I know because I come from one of those districts. Even in Connecticut, the eastern half of the State, the Second Congressional District is small town, rural America for which the USDA Rural Develop-ment programs have been the lifeblood of making sure that community facili-ties and, again, a decent quality of life are possible. So, for example, in towns like Vernon, Connecticut, where I am from, the Bolton Lake sewer plant was just finished a couple of years ago through USDA Rural Development. In the town of Putnam, $28 million over just the last couple of years, they just built a new fire station, the north Putnam fire station, with USDA Rural Develop-ment. Stafford, Connecticut, there was a sewer plant upgrade. Windham, Con-necticut, there was a new community health facility, which was a commu-nity facilities program, through USDA Rural Development. There were projects in Thompson, Connecticut, $2.4 million for water and sewer; Brooklyn, Connecticut, $1.3; Killingly, and the list goes on and on. This budget, let’s be clear, doesn’t just give this program a little haircut or tailor it back. It eliminates it. It eviscerates this type of help which, again, rural communities, with their own resources, are incapable of accom-plishing on their own. Mr. Speaker, a budget is more than just a collection of numbers. It is a statement of your priorities. It is about what is important to you as an executive or as a legislator, and this budget fails that test for rural Amer-ica, for the forgotten Americans which the President addressed on Inaugura-tion Day. I am confident that, in this Chamber, there is potential for a bipartisan group of Members to push back on this type of really just backwards budg-eting and backwards priority. Again, in terms of what my father told me a long time ago: Talk is cheap. Put your money where your mouth is. Put your budget where your rhetoric is. On that score, this administration has failed that test. It has also failed it with the Sea Grant program for fisher-men in America. Again, 90 percent of seafood that is consumed in this coun-try is from overseas. Even though we are a great maritime country, the Sea Grant program helps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.000 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2604 April 3, 2017 
fishermen deal with all the complexity of the maritime domain in terms of regulations. I have seen it in Con-necticut. Again, my district borders on Long Island Sound. We have seen shellfish growers coming back to life because of the Sea Grant program administered through the University of Connecticut Avery Point Campus that has given these really hardworking, inspiring en-trepreneurs the tools that they need to again give America a domestic seafood industry. It is just ridiculous when you look at the disproportion of imported seafood that is consumed on the tables of Americans all across the country. Later today, 100 House Members, on a bipartisan basis, will be releasing a let-ter of support for the Sea Grant pro-gram. Congressman Z
ELDIN , Republican from Long Island, and myself led that letter. Again, this is where our focus ought to be in terms of this country. If you really care about making America great again, it is about giving people out there in the great heartland and in the coastal sections of this country the tools that they need to grow, thrive, innovate, and succeed. This budget fails that test. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 6 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
ESTERMAN ) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Sky-line Wesleyan Church, San Diego, Cali-fornia, offered the following prayer: Almighty God and Father, how good and pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity. It is like sweet per-fume upon our heads. Let us walk together in the vocation wherewith we are called, with all lowli-ness and meekness, forbearing one an-other in love, keeping the unity of the spirit in the bonds of kindness, till we all come into the harmony of faith and the knowledge of God’s Son unto a more perfect union, till we are no longer children tossed and carried about by every wind of opposition. Let us speak the truth in love that we may grow up into You in all things. Sanctify us, Lord, through the truth. Thy Word is truth. And the glory You have given us; for what purpose, O God? That we may be one? Yes, that we all may be one. I pray this in Jesus’ name. Amen. THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CONGRATULATING GAMECOCKS, NATIONAL CHAMPIONS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last night, the Gamecocks women’s basketball team made his-tory, winning the NCAA National Championship for the first time in school history. Defeating Mississippi State 67–55, the Gamecocks dominated the all-SEC game, leading the Bulldogs in scoring and in rebounds. Early in the season, the Gamecocks set their sights on the championship, themeing the season as 100, with the ‘‘1’’ reflecting their commitment to one goal, one team, one dream, one family, and one focus. They never gave up their goals, and their dedication clearly paid off. I join all of Gamecock Nation in cele-brating this remarkable victory. We are also grateful for the Game-cock men, who, in the Final Four, were ahead of number one Gonzaga in the last 3 minutes until the disturbing Zags pulled ahead. Special congratulations to superstar A’ja Wilson of Heathwood Hall and Hopkins, South Carolina, who had a great game, scoring a team high 22 points, and who was also named most outstanding player in the Final Four. Congratulations as well to Head Coach Dawn Staley, President Harris Pastides, and USC First Lady Patricia Pastides. The Gamecocks women’s basketball team joins Clemson’s football team and Coastal Carolina’s baseball team as the third college national championship from South Carolina in just 1 year. Go Gamecocks. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Welcome, Timmerman School of For-est Acres, South Carolina, to the Cap-itol. REMEMBERING LOUISVILLE METRO POLICE OFFICER NICK RODMAN (Mr. YARMUTH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, tomor-row the city of Louisville will lay to rest Officer Nick Rodman, a loving hus-band, father, son, and friend, who died in the line of duty last week. The special commitment that the men and women of law enforcement make to protect and serve their fellow citizens is one that the Rodman family holds dear, and Nick felt that call to service deeply, growing up as the son and brother of fellow officers. He is survived by the loves of his life: his wife, Ashley; his young son, Mason; and his newborn daughter, Ellie Jean. I ask my colleagues and our Nation to join me, the Louisville Metro Police Department, and our entire city in honoring this public servant as he is laid to rest. To Nick’s wife, Ashley: I hope the memories you have with your husband will be a source of comfort as you face this heartbreaking tragedy. The city of Louisville joins you in grief, and we will ensure that Nick will always be re-membered. 
f 
CONFIRM JUDGE GORSUCH (Mr. BABIN asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to strongly urge my colleagues in the United States Senate to confirm Judge Neil Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. Since being nominated by President Trump, Judge Gorsuch has provided unprecedented transparency and ac-cess. He has completed three rounds of intense questioning by the Senate Ju-diciary Committee, which totaled near-ly 20 hours and covered nearly 1,200 questions. This was the longest hearing of any nominee in the 21st century. During this time, Judge Gorsuch showed himself to be uniquely qualified and experienced to serve on our Na-tion’s highest court. In fact, he showed the exact same qualification that pre-viously earned him unanimous ap-proval by the U.S. Senate in 2006 to serve on the Tenth Circuit Court of Ap-peals. Then-Senators Obama, Biden, Clinton, and S
CHUMER were all serving in the Senate at that time and raised no objections whatsoever to Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. Mr. Speaker, it is time for the Senate to put politics aside and confirm Judge Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.002 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2605 April 3, 2017 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, March 30, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on March 30, 2017, at 4:45 p.m.: That the Senate agreed to without amend-ment H.J. Res. 43. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1704 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. R
OGERS of Kentucky) at 5 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the Presi-dent of the United States was commu-nicated to the House by Ms. Mariel Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 92. I am the chief Democratic cosponsor and the gentleman from South Caro-lina is the sponsor of this resolution condemning North Korea’s develop-ment of multiple intercontinental bal-listic missiles, and for other purposes. It should be noted that this resolution now has 120 bipartisan cosponsors, in-cluding the ranking member and chair-man of the committee, the chairman of the Asia and the Pacific Sub-committee, and myself as ranking member of the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee. This resolution is necessary at a time when the regime of Kim Jong-un is as belligerent as ever. His intentions are clear. He is conducting intermediate and intercontinental ballistic missile tests and nuclear tests for the purpose of being in a position to intimidate the United States and the rest of the world. Just this month the regime in Pyongyang released a fake propaganda video showing the imagined destruc-tion of a U.S. aircraft carrier by its forces. In addition to the five nuclear weap-ons North Korea has already tested, Kim Jong-un continues to test ballistic missiles, including submarine-launched ballistic missiles, and is moving to-ward intercontinental ballistic mis-siles. These missiles have as one of their chief purposes to be able to reach the continental United States and par-ticularly the Pacific Coast of the United States. We used to have the luxury of saying that North Korea just wants attention; they just want this or that concession. But now their goal is clear. It is to threaten hundreds of millions of Amer-icans. It is clear that North Korea is testing missiles and bombs for the pur-pose of developing warheads that can do just that. The resolution we are considering today, H. Res. 92, condemns North Ko-rea’s intercontinental ballistic missile tests, calls for the United States to apply economic sanctions on North Korea, and calls on China to pressure North Korean leaders to cease their provocative behavior, abandon and dis-mantle their nuclear missile program, and it calls upon China to curtail, or at least threaten to curtail, their eco-nomic support of Pyongyang. President Xi is coming to the United States. He will meet with our Presi-dent in Florida. And I hope that the re-cent comments that we are going to handle this issue on our own are not what comes out of Florida, because, in-stead, we must demand that China pressure North Korea. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.009 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2607 April 3, 2017 
According to the U.S.-China Eco-nomic and Security Review Commis-sion, China accounts for over 90 per-cent of North Korea’s foreign trade and approximately 95 percent of its foreign direct investment. Beijing needs to know that there are serious challenges to its relationship with the United States if it does not assist us in this ef-fort. Officials in Beijing cannot assume that their companies will always have access to the United States market. There are those who say it is un-thinkable to link our trading relation-ship with China to its position on North Korea. I believe it is unthinkable for us not to use all the tools at our disposal to try to prevent the least pre-dictable leader in the world—and per-haps the least stable—from having the capacity to hit the United States main-land with intercontinental nuclear- tipped ballistic missiles. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ), who is a senior member of both the Foreign Affairs Committee and the Armed Services Committee and the author of this resolution. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I was grateful to visit North Korea on a congressional delegation in 2003 with House Foreign Affairs Rank-ing Member E
LIOT ENGEL on a delega-tion led by Congressman Curt Weldon of Pennsylvania. While there, we wit-nessed a regime obsessed with a Potemkin-like appearance and preser-vation to the detriment of its own citi-zens who have been reduced to destitu-tion and starvation. b1715 After seeing the devastation of the people at the hands of the totalitarian regime, I have been even more invested in the need to hold the regime in Pyongyang accountable for threat-ening neighbors. In early February, I introduced this bipartisan resolution in response to North Korea’s threat to test an inter-continental ballistic. Their threat is concerning because an ICBM has the capability of reaching the West Coast of the United States. The rapid pace of North Korea’s growing offensive nuclear weapons de-velopment is alarming to the United States and our allies. In just a few short months, North Korea has ap-peared to successfully test an ICBM; launched a satellite; tested four simul-taneous ballistic missiles, three of which landed in Japanese territorial waters; had a failed missile launch; and tested a ballistic missile engine. The regime also claims to be planning an-other nuclear test for later this month. Sadly revealing, the regime in North Korea recently released a propaganda video depicting a missile striking a U.S. aircraft carrier and calling for the destruction of the American people. North Korea is rapidly advancing their capabilities, working to minia-turize nuclear technology to deliver a nuclear weapon anywhere in the world. Sadly, 8 years of strategic patience only enabled the dictatorship. We can-not afford to stand by as this regime grows in power and influence, threat-ening the United States and our allies. I am grateful that President Donald Trump is taking the regime and its threats seriously. Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson recently visited our allies in South Korea and Japan; and the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, Nikki Haley, has led the efforts for strengthening international sanctions against North Korea. The administration has also dem-onstrated peace through strength by backing up their commitments to our allies with action. We have begun de-ploying the THAAD missile defense system, recently resumed the annual military training exercises with South Korea, and deployed attack drones to support our servicemembers stationed in the region. This defends the extraor-dinary people of South Korea, who have developed one of the most pros-perous nations on Earth. As we work to check the growing in-fluence and missile capability of North Korea, Congress, too, has a vital role, starting with passage of H. Res. 92 to forcefully condemn North Korea for these actions and call for the consider-ation of all available sanctions on the regime and the individuals or busi-nesses who sustain it. We are clear: the United States must stand strong against North Korea for American fam-ilies and our South Korean allies. I appreciate the consideration of H. Res. 92, with 120 bipartisan cosponsors. I know that America is fortunate to have the leadership of House Foreign Affairs Chairman E
DROYCE , serving in a bipartisan manner with Ranking Member E
LIOT ENGEL . I urge my colleagues to vote in sup-port of the resolution. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ), the chair-man emeritus of the committee who chairs the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on the Middle East and North Africa and has authored previous legislation to address the North Korean threat. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I commend the commitment that Chair-man R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL have shown in holding North Korea accountable for its illicit activ-ity, and it is a long list. Mr. Speaker, I want to also commend my good friend and colleague, Con-gressman J
OEWILSON , for authoring this important measure, H. Res. 92, condemning North Korea’s develop-ment of multiple intercontinental bal-listic missiles, or ICBMs. Recently, North Korea has made the calculation that it either needs to flex its muscles through the test of ballistic missiles or, at the very least, provoke an international response so that the regime can use it as propaganda against the West. We have seen dozens of missile tests over the past year, and, just as trou-bling, at least two nuclear tests. I know that this is resolution con-demning North Korea’s provocative ac-tion, but I do think this is an oppor-tunity to call attention to the Iranian nuclear and ballistic missile program. What I and some of my colleagues have been saying for years now is that Iran has been following the North Korea playbook. We signed a weak and dangerous nu-clear deal with North Korea, and what was the result? A nuclear-armed Pyongyang that is testing and upgrad-ing its ballistic and nuclear program unchecked and possibly even prolifer-ating these materials, or at least the know-how, to Iran. We concluded a weak and dangerous nuclear deal with Iran, and you can be sure, if we don’t do more to press Iran, we will be welcoming another dan-gerous regime to the nuclear weapons club. While we rightfully condemn North Korea for its provocations, we must be mindful that, if we follow the same path and make the same mistakes, it will be Iran in a few years that will have a nuclear weapon and ballistic missile program that can threaten global security, and that is in none of our interests. I urge my colleagues to fully support Mr. WILSON ’s measure, Mr. Speaker, but I also urge them to realize the fail-ures of past policies and what got us here to this point with North Korea and not to allow the same mistakes to happen with respect to Iran. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I con-tinue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Chair-man, I yield 2 minutes to the gen-tleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), a sen-ior member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H. Res. 92, condemning North Korea’s development of multiple intercontinental ballistic missiles. Without question, North Korea’s re-lentless effort to develop ballistic mis-siles poses a serious threat to the secu-rity of the United States, especially to our allies in the region, and possibly all across the globe. For the past several years, Kim Jong- un has made significant strides in their nuclear missile program. It seems like every few weeks we hear new reports concerning the growing North Korea nuclear threat. North Korea has con-ducted multiple nuclear tests and dem-onstrated that it is bound and deter-mined to develop a ballistic missile ca-pable of delivering a nuclear warhead to the continental United States. It has also become abundantly clear that the Kim regime will continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.010 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2608 April 3, 2017 
work toward a nuclear warhead, no matter the cost. Just today, a senior North Korean defector stated that the young, irresponsible dictator will do anything to remain in power and that Kim believes nuclear weapons will help guarantee his rule. We must condemn these actions and begin taking concrete steps to mitigate the growing North Korean threat. I also believe we must work closer than ever with our South Korean partners and increase our already strong secu-rity alliance by assisting with techno-logical developments, carrying out more joint exercises, and quickly mak-ing the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense systems, or THAAD, in South Korea operational. I commend my friend, Mr. W
ILSON of South California, for his leadership in championing H. Res. 92. I also want to thank Chairman R
OYCE and the rank-ing member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , for, again, using the format of the Foreign Affairs Committee in a bipartisan man-ner. This is one committee in the House— and there are a few others—that works very much in a bipartisan manner. This is one we do need to be united on. The threat from Kim Jong-un is seri-ous. It is dangerous. It is a threat to world peace. We need to take it seri-ously. H. Res. 92 goes in the right di-rection. I, again, want to thank Mr. W
ILSON for proposing it. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I will add a comment to the upcoming visit of President Xi to Florida and President Trump’s state-ment in advance of that: Well, we don’t need China to get tough on North Korea. The fact is, President Trump has not given us a plan that would put effective pressure on Pyongyang that does not involve China. There is no magic road to dealing with the North Korean threat that does not go through Bei-jing. My fear is that, in the guise of being the tough guy who doesn’t need China’s help, in fact, President Trump is pre-paring to fail to get China’s help in controlling North Korea, is preparing to be weak in dealing with China and to weakly accept their unwillingness to act, and then disguising it all in some machismo statement of strength: Oh, we don’t need China. We do need China. There is no plan to control North Korea that doesn’t in-volve China. Macho statements are not an excuse for real strength in dealing with President Xi. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentle-woman from California (Mrs. M
IMI W
ALTERS of California). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 92, condemning North Korea’s development of multiple interconti-nental ballistic missiles. The world has watched in fear as this brutal dictatorship has labored to min-iaturize a nuclear warhead capable of being delivered by an ICBM. Across the 45th District, Californians are anxious about the growing threat from North Korea and its efforts to develop the ca-pability to strike the West Coast. Orange County is home to a large Ko-rean-American population who have spoken out forcefully against this rogue regime, fearing for the life of their Korean kin and the safety of the entire world. As I tell all concerned constituents when I am back home in California, and I will repeat here today: I share your concern and will do all I can to ensure we eliminate this threat. Mr. Speaker, just today, an interview with the most high-profile North Ko-rean defector in two decades was re-leased. The man’s warning was dire: Kim Jong-un will use nuclear weapons at the slightest sign of an imminent threat to his rule. The time for the old strategy of stra-tegic patience has passed. We must take serious actions now to prevent a nuclear weapon from ever threatening the United States or one of our allies. I urge the President to address this grave threat with the Chinese Presi-dent at their upcoming summit. I thank my friend, the gentleman from South Carolina, for undertaking this effort, and I am proud to join him in this fight. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would simply say that I commend the gentleman from South Carolina, Mr. WILSON , for authoring this resolution, which has secured the support of 120 bipartisan cosponsors, including the chair and ranking mem-ber of the full committee and the chair and, in my case, ranking member of the relevant subcommittee. I, again, call on my colleagues to join me in supporting H. Res. 92, con-demning North Korea’s development of multiple intercontinental ballistic mis-siles, and for other purposes. We need an official congressional condemnation of North Korea’s contin-ued ballistic missile testing and its re-lated nuclear program. We need to ramp up sanctions on North Korea, while applying pressure to China, hope-fully later this week, for being North Korea’s economic lifeline. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, North Korea, as we all know, poses an urgent threat to the United States and to our allies. Ex-perts say that, in less than 4 years, Kim Jung-un will likely have the abil-ity to make a reliable intercontinental ballistic missile topped by a nuclear warhead capable of targeting the conti-nental United States. They also expect that, by then, North Korea may have accumulated enough nuclear material to build up to 100 warheads for those ICBMs they have been making. In an interview, the President says he is going to discuss this growing threat and Kim Jung-un’s behavior with Chinese President Xi this week. As he says, China has great influence over North Korea, and China will ei-ther decide to help us with North Korea or they won’t, but, if they do, that will be very good for China. It will be good for China because we have made it very clear that this is a key interest of the United States. We do not want to see North Korea able to proliferate this kind of weaponry. They have already tested this off of a sub-marine. It would be irresponsible for us, China, and every member of the international community not to take steps now to cut off all hard currency into North Korea that allows that re-gime to continue down this path. b1730 This threat is real, and that demands real response. I appreciate JOEWILSON  bringing this resolution because, as he notes, one other point that I think we have to make, the deployment of THAAD needs to be completed as quickly as possible. The President must also utilize the economic tools that Congress has given him with the act authored by myself and Mr. E
NGEL to cut off funding for the regime of Kim Jong-un. I would also encourage the administration to pursue all opportunities to strengthen our economic and security relation-ships with our partners throughout the Asia Pacific right now because, as we know, our allies there are equally con-cerned about this development. I thank the author of this resolution, Mr. J
OEWILSON , and, of course, my committee’s ranking member, Mr. E
NGEL . I want to thank Mr. S HERMAN  as well for working on this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of H. Res. 92, Con-demning North Korea’s development of mul-tiple intercontinental ballistic missiles. The security of our nation and allies rests on a global community of nations acting in a responsible manner. For too long the Asia-Pa-cific region has been rocked with instability be-cause of North Korea’s irresponsible behavior. Last year, the North Korean regime conducted two nuclear tests and twenty missile tests, in-cluding successfully testing a submarine- launched ballistic missile. This is a marked in-crease from two nuclear tests and 42 missile tests over the previous seven years. In Feb-ruary 2017, North Korea fired a ballistic mis-sile that landed in the sea between the Korean Peninsula and Japan, sending shockwaves among our two closest allies in the Asia-Pa-cific. Passing this resolution will reaffirm our com-mitment to trilateral missile defense coopera-tion with South Korea and Japan and to an interoperable, multi-tier missile defense sys-tem that will protect Americans and our allies on the Korean Peninsula. At a time of increas-ing belligerence by North Korea, our allies need such security assurances. This bill will also urge the President to promptly deploy the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.012 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2609 April 3, 2017 
Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system in South Korea, apply all available economic sanctions on North Korea, and con-sider additional measures to strengthen bilat-eral security cooperation with South Korea, in-cluding increases in foreign military sales and joint exercises. Like many of my colleagues, the constitu-ents whom I represent want assurance that the United States is secure from all external threats, including the potential threat of weaponized intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs). ICBMs are designed to travel be-tween 5,500 km and 10,000 km. California is about 9,000 km from North Korea. Given that the North Korean regime has made steady ad-vances in its nuclear weapons program over the past few years, it is not surprising that my California colleagues are increasingly alarmed by Pyongyang’s actions. The level of bipartisan support for H. Res. 92 reflects the importance of the threat North Korea poses to global stability. Our security and the security of our allies is an issue that crosses party lines. It is imperative to our na-tional security interests that North Korea does not develop a weaponized ICBM capable of reaching any part of our country. This resolution provides more assurance to our allies in the Asia-Pacific and sends a mes-sage to the North Korean regime that all Americans are united in our determination to safeguard our country against foreign threats. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote yes on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 92, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
REAFFIRMING THE UNITED STATES-ARGENTINA PARTNER-SHIP AND RECOGNIZING ARGEN-TINA’S ECONOMIC REFORMS Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 54) re-affirming the United States-Argentina partnership and recognizing Argen-tina’s economic reforms, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 54 Whereas, on November 22, 2015, the citizens of the Argentine Republic elected Mauricio Macri as their President; Whereas President Macri has pledged to promote greater national unity, rebuild the economy, combat domestic corruption, strengthen freedom of the press, defend human rights abroad, attract foreign direct investment, return to international credit markets, and reassert Argentina’s leadership globally; Whereas President Macri has emphasized his intention to seek closer ties with the United States and restore the bilateral part-nership previously enjoyed by both coun-tries; Whereas the Argentine Republic has been a major non-NATO ally of the United States since 1998 and is the only country designated as such in Latin America; Whereas United States-Argentina relations are historically characterized by comprehen-sive commercial ties and strong bilateral co-operation on human rights, peacekeeping, science and technology, non-proliferation, and education, as well as on regional and global issues; Whereas, in an appearance with President Macri at the Casa Rosada in Buenos Aires in March 2016, President Barack Obama said that ‘‘our countries share profound values in common—respect for human rights, for indi-vidual freedoms, for democracy, for justice, and for peace’’; Whereas Secretary of State John Kerry visited Argentina in August 2016 to launch a High-Level Dialogue to develop and sustain cooperation on bilateral, regional, and global challenges, including democratic develop-ment and protection of human rights in Latin America; Whereas Secretary Kerry, during his visit, stated that ‘‘the United States strongly sup-ports President Macri’s effort to deepen Ar-gentina’s integration with the global econ-omy’’’ and that ‘‘our governments will be supporting policies that are aimed at strong, sustainable, and balanced economic growth’’; Whereas the United States Department of the Treasury no longer opposes multilateral development banks lending to Argentina be-cause of the Government of Argentina’s ‘‘progress on key issues and positive eco-nomic policy trajectory’’; Whereas President Macri prioritized Ar-gentina resolving its 15-year standoff with private creditors stemming from the 2001- 2002 economic crisis, which facilitated Ar-gentina’s return to international financial markets; Whereas the Macri Administration lifted controls on trade, currency, and poultry, en-hanced the quality and transparency of gov-ernment data, and eliminated subsidies on electricity, water, and gas; Whereas Argentina is Latin America’s third largest economy and the International Monetary Fund, in April 2016, claimed the Macri Administration ‘‘embarked on an am-bitious, much needed transition to remove domestic imbalances and distortions and correct relative prices’’; and Whereas the Government of Argentina has expressed a renewed commitment to bring the perpetrators of the 1994 bombing of the Asociacio´n Mutual Israelita Argentina (AMIA) building, that occurred in Buenos Aires on July 18, 1994, killing 85 people and injuring hundreds, to justice: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) upholds its commitment to the partner-ship between the United States and Argen-tina and reaffirms that the Argentine Repub-lic is a major non-NATO ally of the United States; (2) encourages the Department of State to coordinate a new interagency strategy to in-crease cooperation with the Government of Argentina on areas of bilateral, regional, and global concern; (3) commends the Government of Argen-tina for making far-reaching economic re-forms that will benefit the people of Argen-tina, stimulate economic growth, and deepen Argentina’s integration with the global economy; (4) praises the Government of Argentina for resolving most of its business disputes at the World Bank’s International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) thereby hastening their re-entry into world financial markets to the benefit of the Argentine people; and (5) encourages the Government of Argen-tina to continue to investigate and prosecute those responsible for the 1994 bombing of the Asociacio´n Mutual Israelita Argentina (AMIA) building in Buenos Aires, as well as the January 2015 death of AMIA special pros-ecutor Alberto Nisman. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New Jersey (Mr. S
IRES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to put any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me just start by thanking Mr. S
IRES, the author of this measure, and I rise in support of it. It reaffirms the United States-Argentina partnership. After over a decade of economic mis-management and corruption and alli-ances with the likes of Iran—well, we should say the Ayatollah in Iran—and alliances with the regime in Venezuela, the people of Argentina used their vote to usher in a new era of what I would call economic common sense and a new era of regional leadership. Since assuming the Presidency in De-cember 2015, President Macri has un-dertaken difficult economic reforms to undo the damage caused by his prede-cessor’s policy and taken reforms to re-turn to the global markets. He tore up the laughable agreement that Presi-dent Cristina Kirchner signed with Iran to investigate the 1994 Hezbollah bomb-ing of the Jewish community center, which killed 85 and injured hundreds of other people in the Jewish community in Argentina. He has shown regional leadership in condemning Venezuela’s human and democratic rights viola-tions. As the new Argentinian Government undertakes difficult reforms, it needs the moral support of its allies in the region, including the support of this body. This measure seeks to reaffirm the partnership, the friendship that we share with Argentina. It commends the government’s hard work in bringing Argentina back from economic ruin. This measure also encourages the Government of Argentina to make good on its promise to finally bring the perpetrators of the 1994 bombing there 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:05 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.009 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2610 April 3, 2017 
of the Jewish community center to jus-tice, while thoroughly investigating the January 2015 death of special pros-ecutor Alberto Nisman. As my col-leagues know, immediately before his mysterious death, Nisman was set to issue a thorough report on his findings that the government of Cristina Kirchner had colluded with Iran to con-ceal Iran’s role in orchestrating that 1994 terrorist attack at the hands of the Iranian proxy in this case, Hezbollah. Mr. Speaker, let me just mention an-other subject here. In South America, we are watching Venezuela lose any semblance of democracy or human rights. Last week, Venezuela’s demo-cratically elected National Assembly was dissolved. The Venezuelan people are greatly suffering. As Argentina has dropped its support of these authoritar-ians and stands with the rest of the re-gion in strong condemnation of authoritarianism in Venezuela, the Venezuelan Government is now more isolated than ever. Back to H. Res. 54. This reflects this body’s support of and friendship with Argentina, and it reflects our gratitude for Argentine leadership in support of economic and democratic reform. Again, I thank Mr. S
IRES for this res-olution. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this resolution. I would like to start by thanking Chairman R
OYCE , Ranking Member E
NGEL , and their staffs for working with me to bring H. Res. 54 to the floor. I would like to thank my friend from South Carolina, Chairman J
EFF DUN-
CAN, who is in charge of the Sub-committee on the Western Hemisphere and led a delegation to Argentina last March to help restart relations with the Macri administration. H. Res. 54 reaffirms the strong U.S. partnership with Argentina and ac-knowledges their President Mauricio Macri for his efforts to make the nec-essary changes and bring Argentina back into the international commu-nity. President Macri worked hard to stimulate growth and bring Argentina back as a powerful player in the region after years of isolationist views from the Kirchners. I was pleased to visit Argentina last year and see, firsthand, the changes the new government was making, and it was refreshing to see the progress al-ready being made. Most importantly, we received assurances from the Macri administration that they will restart the investigation into the horrific 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish center in Buenos Aires, which left 85 dead and hundreds more injured, and the un-timely and suspicious death of pros-ecutor Alberto Nisman, who was found dead on the eve of delivering his explo-sive report which outlined the connec-tions between the bombing, Iran, and former Argentina President Cristina Kirchner’s efforts to cover up these links. Unfortunately, the victims of these attacks and their families still lack answers to what really occurred, and the troubling reports of Iran’s role in the bombing deserves thorough in-vestigation that finally brings the per-petrators to justice. Argentina is a great partner and a friend, and I believe we must continue to support our friends and continue to grow this critical relationship. Once again, I thank my colleagues for their support of this resolution and urge Members of the House to support H. Res. 54 to further strengthen the great ties our country has with Argentina. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ), who chairs the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. He is the primary cosponsor of this measure. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I briefly want to mention the country of Colombia. Tremendous flooding and mudslides there have taken more than 200 lives. Colombia is in my prayers, the prayers of the Sub-committee on the Western Hemisphere, and the prayers of all of America. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 54, which reaffirms Amer-ica’s partnership with Argentina, and applaud the economic reforms under-taken in recent years. I applaud Ranking Member S
IRES for his leadership on this issue. Last year, he and I led a congressional delegation to Argentina to see the differences in the country under the new leadership of President Macri and to reextend a hand of friendship of the United States. Though the previous government fol-lowed the path of ruinous economic and foreign policies, I saw new opti-mism that the new Macri administra-tion would right these wrongs. For ex-ample, at the Organization of Amer-ican States, Argentina has been sup-portive of the actions of OAS Secretary General Almagro, urging the Ven-ezuelan Government to respect democ-racy, human rights, and the rule of law. In addition, President Macri is work-ing to find justice for the 1994 AMIA bombing terrorist attack—the largest loss of life from an act of terror in this hemisphere prior to 9/11—and the mur-der of the AMIA special prosecutor, Alberto Nisman. It is my sincerest hope that he will find the perpetrators and hold them accountable for these heinous acts of terror. In conclusion, the United States should be very clear that we are thank-ful for President Macri’s courage and willingness to take unpopular but prin-cipled positions. I urge the new Trump administration to do all in its power to take the steps outlined in this legisla-tion and advance a deeper bilateral re-lationship. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. SHERMAN ). Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H. Res. 54 and com-mend its authors and cosponsors. With the new administration of President Macri, I think that there will be a deepening relationship between the United States and Argentina, and this resolution recognizes that. It also encourages the Argentine Government to continue to investigate and pros-ecute those responsible for the 1994 bombing of the Argentine-Israeli Mu-tual Association, located then in the center of Buenos Aires, and the death of Argentine special prosecutor Alberto Nisman, who died mysteriously 1 day before he was going to submit a report to the Argentine Congress regarding that 1994 bombing. I think it is apparent that that 1994 bombing was conducted by Iran in co-operation with Hezbollah, and we all want to encourage the Argentine Gov-ernment to find out whether there was foul play in the death of Alberto Nisman and, if so, who was behind what has all the hallmarks of an assassina-tion designed to prevent that report from being submitted to the Argentine people and Congress. I commend the authors of this legis-lation. I urge its adoption. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs and a co-sponsor of this measure. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman R
OYCE for the time. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be standing here in strong support of the measure of my very good friend from New Jersey, Mr. A
LBIO SIRES. H. Res. 54 is so important. It reaffirms the U.S.- Argentina partnership and recognizes Argentina’s economic reforms. As Mr. R
OYCE said, I am proud to be an origi-nal cosponsor of Mr. S
IRES’ important resolution. Up until the recent election of Presi-dent Macri, Argentina was going in the wrong direction. Since Macri came to office, he has made some tough but much-needed economic reforms. He has shown that Argentina is willing to be engaged in areas of mutual interest to our two countries and expand our bilat-eral relations. President Macri’s com-mitment to these reforms should be commended. But he hasn’t just shown strong lead-ership on economic reforms. President Macri has shown strong character and leadership to the rule of law and pur-suit of justice. He has done so by an-nouncing his intention to continue to investigate and prosecute those respon-sible for the 1994 bombing of the Argen-tine-Israeli Mutual Association, AMIA, in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Last month, we marked the 25th an-niversary of the terrorist attack on the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires, which was followed by the 1994 AMIA attack. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.016 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2611 April 3, 2017 
It is no secret that the Iranian-backed terrorist group Hezbollah was respon-sible for these attacks; yet, to this day, Mr. Speaker, Iran and Hezbollah have evaded justice. b1745 The United States should support President Macri as he continues his in-vestigation and seeks to hold those re-sponsible accountable to make sure that he can bring them to justice for their deadly terror attacks. We should also applaud and support his decision to investigate the sus-picious circumstances involving the death of the special prosecutor of these cases, Alberto Nisman. Alberto had un-covered links between Hezbollah and these terror attacks, and I would speak with Alberto frequently about these troublesome ties. Nisman was a good man and a strong supporter of human rights. We must help President Macri and the people of Argentina continue Nisman’s work and legacy by bringing those responsible for his death and for those dastardly terrorist attacks to justice. We can start by signaling to the peo-ple of Argentina that we support their government and that we value our bi-lateral relationship. Passing Mr. S
IRES’ resolution will do just that. We will send that message. I urge my colleagues to support Mr. S
IRES’ measure. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. In conclusion, let me say that the U.S.-Argentina relationship is critical, and I stand in strong support of H. Res. 54. Argentina’s new President, Mauricio Macri, has done a tremendous job re-forming their outdated and isolationist economic policies. Most importantly, the Macri administration has renewed its efforts to find the long sought after justice for the bombing of the AMIA Jewish Cultural Center, whose per-petrators are still evading justice. His efforts have improved the lives of countless Argentines, and I look for-ward to working with his government to continue building on the progress we have already made. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this resolution and thank them all for their support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my col-leagues; I want to thank Mr. S
IRES, ranking member of the Subcommittee on Western Hemisphere; and I thank the chairman of that committee, Mr. D
UNCAN , for their leadership in bring-ing this measure to the floor. This important resolution reaffirms our relationship with the people and the government of Argentina. It calls on the State Department to develop an interagency strategy to maximize our cooperation with Argentina as our countries work together to promote de-mocracy, to promote human rights, and to promote economic freedom across the Americas. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 54, as amended. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolu-tion, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NORTH KOREA STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DESIGNATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 479) to require a re-port on the designation of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 479 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REPORT ON DESIGNATION OF GOVERN-MENT OF NORTH KOREA AS A STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the fol-lowing: (1) The United States Government des-ignated the Government of North Korea a state sponsor of terrorism on January 20, 1988. (2) On October 11, 2008, North Korea’s des-ignation as a state sponsor of terrorism was rescinded, following commitments by the Government of North Korea to dismantle its nuclear weapons program. However, North Korea has failed to live up to these commit-ments. (3) On October 22, 2015, the United States Special Representative for North Korea Pol-icy with the Department of State, testified before the House Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade that North Korea’s ‘‘conduct poses a growing threat to the United States, our friends in the region, and the global non-proliferation regime’’ and the Deputy Coor-dinator for Homeland Security, Screening, and Designations with the U.S. Department of State noted that ‘‘weapons transfers that violate nonproliferation or missile control regimes could be a relevant factor for consid-eration, depending on the circumstances, consistent with the statutory criteria for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism’’. (4) The Government of North Korea has harbored members of the Japanese Red Army since a 1970 hijacking and continues to har-bor the surviving hijackers to this day. (5) On July 16, 2010, in the case of Calderon- Cardona v. Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (case number 08–01367), the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico found that the Government of North Korea provided material support to the Japanese Red Army, designated as a for-eign terrorist organization between 1997 and 2001, in furtherance of a 1972 terrorist attack at Lod Airport, Israel that killed 26 people, including 17 Americans. (6) In the case of Chaim Kaplan v. Hezbollah (case number 09–646), a United States district court found in 2014 that North Korea materially supported terrorist attacks by Hezbollah, a designated foreign terrorist organization, against Israel in 2006. (7) In June 2010, Major Kim Myong-ho and Major Dong Myong-gwan of North Korea’s Reconnaissance General Bureau pled guilty in a South Korean court to attempting to as-sassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a North Korean dissident in exile, on the orders of Lieuten-ant General Kim Yong-chol, the head of North Korea’s Reconnaissance General Bu-reau. The court sentenced each defendant to 10 years in prison. (8) In March 2015, the Government of South Korea concluded that North Korea was re-sponsible for a December 2014 cyber attack against multiple nuclear power plants in South Korea. The South Korean Government stated that the attacks were intended to cause a malfunction at the plants’ reactors, and described the attacks as acts of ‘‘cyber- terror targeting our country’’. (9) On December 19, 2015, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation (FBI) concluded that North Korea was responsible for a cyber at-tack on Sony Pictures Entertainment and a subsequent threat of violence against thea-ters that showed the film ‘‘The Interview’’. The FBI concluded that the ‘‘Guardians of Peace’’, which sent the threat to Sony Pic-tures Entertainment, was a unit of North Korea’s Reconnaissance General Bureau, its foreign intelligence service. (10) Malaysian authorities have alleged that officials from North Korea’s secret po-lice and Foreign Ministry were involved in the poisoning and killing of the estranged half-brother of the country’s leader, Kim Jong-nam, using the chemical weapon VX nerve agent, a substance banned for use as a weapon by the United Nations Chemical Weapons Convention, on February 13, 2017, in Kuala Lumpur. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Government of North Korea likely meets the criteria for designa-tion as a state sponsor of terrorism and, if so should be so designated. (c) D
ETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a de-termination as to whether the Government of North Korea meets the criteria for des-ignation as a state sponsor of terrorism. (d) F
ORM.—The determination required by subsection (c) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex, if appropriate. 
SEC. 3. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTH KOREA .—The term ‘‘North Korea’’ means the Government of the Demo-cratic People’s Republic of Korea. (3) S
TATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘state sponsor of terrorism’’ means a country the government of which the Sec-retary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.017 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2612 April 3, 2017 
Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4605(j)) (as in effect pur-suant to the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act), section 620A of the For-eign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law, is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from California (Mr. S
HERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, last month, I was pleased to hear Secretary of State Rex Tillerson say that the State Depart-ment is considering a range of meas-ures to respond to Kim Jong-un’s dan-gerous provocations in Northeast Asia. One immediate step should be listing North Korea as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, a status it should have never lost. In 2008, North Korea’s designation as a state sponsor of terror was rescinded following the regime’s promise to dis-mantle its nuclear weapons program. Well, North Korea got its delisting, but it kept its nuclear program, as proven by its fourth test and as proven by its fifth test last year. Since 2008, not only has North Ko-rea’s nuclear weapons program ad-vanced, so too has its support for ter-rorism. Let me explain that. The Kim regime has continued to supply sur-face-to-air missiles and explosives to terrorist groups like Hezbollah. In ad-dition to that, the actions taken by North Korea include the firing of re-peated rounds on South Korean civil-ians on the island of Yeonpyeong and carrying out targeted assassinations of North Korean defectors, including the recent assassination of Kim Jong-un’s half brother, who had been living in exile. Recall that this murder, which took place in broad daylight at Kuala Lumpur International Airport, in-volved the use of VX nerve agent, which is a chemical weapon banned under international law. Now, a liter of this substance contains enough lethal doses to kill 1 million people. It has no other purpose than being an instru-ment of death. This they used to assas-sinate the President’s own half broth-er. Mr. Speaker, the Foreign Affairs Committee has focused extensively on the urgent threat by North Korea to the U.S. and our allies in Asia. It is critical that we use every tool at our disposal to ramp up the pressure on the Kim regime. I know just how aggressive North Korea can be. I saw a ship of the South Korean Navy that had been lifted from the bottom of the sea. It had been split in two by a torpedo fired by a North Korean submarine. Over 40 South Ko-rean sailors were killed in that attack. This is the kind of behavior we have seen from Kim Jong-un. This is why I rise in support of Judge TEDPOE’s bill, H.R. 479, which pushes the State De-partment to relist North Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism. The state sponsor of terrorism label is a very powerful one. In addition to imposing sanctions and other restric-tions, the designation itself earns a state pariah status internationally. And that is deserved. After all, these are countries whose governments backed the killings of innocent people, innocent civilians, as a matter of pol-icy. Frankly, the Department should never have removed North Korea’s des-ignation in the first place. I am glad that this legislation de-mands a reevaluation. I think I know what that result will be. I thank the bill’s author, Judge T
ED P
OE, who has a deep sense, as a former judge, of justice and has pursued this issue for a long time. I also thank the ranking member for working with our offices on this important and timely measure. The flawed delisting of North Korea has also been a particular focus to the chairman emeritus of the For-eign Affairs Committee, Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN , and so I want to recognize her contributions as well. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON WAYS AND MEANS , Washington, DC, April 3, 2017. Hon. E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman, Committee on Foreign Affairs, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN ROYCE : I am writing with respect to H.R. 479, the ‘‘North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions on which the Com-mittee on Ways and Means has a jurisdic-tional interest, I will not request a sequen-tial referral on this measure. The Committee on Ways and Means takes this action with the mutual understanding that we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or simi-lar legislation, and the Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues that fall within our jurisdiction. The Com-mittee also reserves the right to seek ap-pointment of an appropriate number of con-ferees to any House-Senate conference in-volving this or similar legislation, and re-quests your support for such request. Finally, I would appreciate your response to this letter confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during floor consider-ation of H.R. 479. Sincerely, KEVIN BRADY , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , C
OMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS , Washington, DC, April 3, 2017. Hon. K
EVIN BRADY , Chairman, Committee on Ways and Means, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN BRADY : Thank you for con-sulting with the Foreign Affairs Committee on H.R. 479, the North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017, and for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral re-quest so that the bill may proceed expedi-tiously to the House floor. I agree that your declining to pursue a se-quential referral in this case does not dimin-ish or alter the jurisdiction of the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. I would sup-port your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees from your committee to any House-Senate conference on this legislation. I will seek to place our letters on this bill into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on Ways and Means as this meas-ure moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, E
DWARD R. R OYCE , Chairman. 
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 479, the North Korea State Spon-sor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017. I want to associate myself with the chairman’s remarks. He summarizes well the need to adopt this legislation. I want to commend Judge P
OEfor in-troducing this legislation. I was very pleased to introduce it alongside him. We earlier considered H. Res. 92. In that debate, we discussed the nuclear and missile program of North Korea. Now it is time to focus for the next few minutes on their use of terrorism. We need to consider North Korea’s obvious state support of terrorism around the world. North Korea has en-gaged in kidnappings, targeted assas-sination, cyber attacks, and support to terrorist organizations in various re-gions. North Korea was designated as a state sponsor of terrorism in 1988, but it was taken off that list in 2008, fol-lowing commitments by Pyongyang to dismantle its nuclear weapons pro-gram. We dismantled their status as a state sponsor of terrorism. North Korea certainly has not dismantled its nuclear program. Kim Jong-un has only increased the pace of his nuclear ballistic missile testing and is nowhere near disman-tling that program. So now it is time to focus again on North Korea’s ter-rorist actions around the world. We can go back several decades when the North Korean Government kid-napped Japanese civilians—some be-cause of their talents in making mov-ies; most in order to force them to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.029 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2613 April 3, 2017 
teach Japanese etiquette to North Ko-rean spies. Now, you may say: Well, that was decades ago. Why are we designating them as a state sponsor of terrorism now? Well, those people still have not been released to this day. And, if they have passed on, their bodies have not been returned to their families. We are all aware of how North Korea engaged in cyberterrorism against Sony Pictures because Sony Pictures made a movie they didn’t like. We know that, just a month or so ago, a North Korean agent killed Kim Jong-nam, the half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un. This act of terrorism took place at the airport in Malaysia and was summarized by the chairman. In the case of Chaim Kaplan v. Hezbollah, a United States District Court found that, in 2014, North Korea materially supported terrorist attacks by Hezbollah, a designated foreign ter-rorist organization. And finally—and this list is incom-plete but last on my list—is North Ko-rea’s assistance in helping Assad try to develop nuclear weapons of his own. We are aware that Assad’s nuclear facility, built almost entirely based on North Korean technology and using North Korean equipment, was destroyed in 2007. Assad has murdered hundreds of thousands, it looks like the figure is now half a million, of his own citizens. Imagine the destruction Assad would have engaged in had he been able to de-velop nuclear weapons with the support and technology of North Korea. H.R. 479, the North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act, expresses the sense of Congress that North Korea likely meets the criteria to be designated as a state sponsor of terrorism and requires a determination by the Secretary of State within 90 days as to whether or not North Korea meets that standard. This bill is an important step in con-fronting North Korea’s support for ter-rorism around the world and for the danger that it poses to the civilized world. Mr. Speaker, I call upon my col-leagues to join me in supporting this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1800 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I would also like to recognize the contribution here of Mr. S
HERMAN , who is the ranking member on the com-mittee, and to acknowledge also the force of his argument. Kim Jong-un is an individual who not only kidnaps his neighbors, but also, in the past, this rogue regime has become expert at transferring the methods to kill civilians to other rogue regimes around the world. And based upon his past behavior, it is only too plausible that if they get this weapon, they will do it again. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Sub-committee on Terrorism, Nonprolifera-tion, and Trade, and the dogged author of this bill who has pushed this issue for a long time. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and the ranking member, Mr. SHERMAN , for his cospon-sorship of this legislation. Mr. Speaker, North Korea was on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list for 20 years. It was taken off in 2008 for pure-ly diplomatic reasons. North Korea agreed to freeze and dis-able its nuclear program as the result of international efforts known as the Six-Party Talks. In exchange, the United States decided to remove North Korea from the State Sponsors of Ter-rorism list. Fast forward 9 years later, North Korea remains off the list while it races toward the capability to send a nuclear warhead to American shores. There has been no secret about this. Little Kim has said he wants to send intercontinental ballistic missiles to the United States. North Korea has conducted four nu-clear tests since 2008. Recent satellite images suggest that it is preparing for yet another nuclear test. North Korea is also doing all the things that got it placed on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list in the first place. North Korea harbored Japanese Red Army terrorists who participated in the hijacking of a jet in 1970. These terrorists are still living happily in North Korea today. Press reports sug-gests that little Kim is even arming and training Hamas and Hezbollah ter-rorists. A U.S. district court actually found in 2014 that North Korea materially supported terrorist attacks by Hezbollah against Israel. North Korea has also moved toward a new form of terrorism: cyber warfare. We all remember the 2014 North Korea cyber attack against Sony Pictures that included direct threats against its employees and a warning to ‘‘Remem-ber the 11th of September 2001.’’ In March of 2015, North Korea launched a cyber attack against nuclear power plants in South Korea. North Korea is not just active over cyber. It has a long history of actually killing folks, dissidents in particular, all over the world. In February, North Korean agents killed little Kim’s half brother in Malaysia using a chemical VX nerve agent. North Korea has helped Assad de-velop chemical weapons. Thankfully, Israel took out those chemical weapons some time ago. Mr. Speaker, North Korea’s actions have not gotten any better. They have only become more dangerous and more treacherous. In addition, North Korea is working with Iran, the world’s num-ber one state sponsor of terror, on de-veloping nuclear weapons and inter-continental ballistic missiles. It is clear that North Korea is a state sponsor of terrorism. At the very least, the State Department should go back to the drawing board and assess wheth-er or not North Korea meets the cri-teria for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism. And that is what this bill does, H.R. 479, the North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act. It is high time we call out little Kim, the loose cannon of East Asia, for what he is: a terrorist in a terrorist state. And that is just the way it is. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would note that this bill passed our com-mittee without any opposition. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentle-woman from Florida (Ms. R
OS- L
EHTINEN ), and I thank the gentle-woman from Florida again for her con-tribution on this legislation. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I stand in full support of Judge P
OE’s bill, H.R. 479, the North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017. Over the years, as the chairman has said, I have repeatedly and explicitly called for Pyongyang to be redesig-nated as a state sponsor of terrorism, SST, country. I stood in ardent opposition to the Bush administration’s decision to re-move North Korea from the SST list, and in the years past, I introduced similar legislation to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. P
OE), which would see Pyongyang back on the list where it belongs. The removal from the list was a fail-ure of the nuclear negotiations with North Korea, a concession given for nothing but empty promises in return. In much the same way that the Obama administration removed Cuba from the SST list 2 years ago, the Bush administration got empty promises in return for these terrible concessions, while the Obama administration couldn’t even get empty promises. These designations are much more important than just tools for negotia-tion, Mr. Speaker. They are there be-cause these countries actively support terror or they support or facilitate countries that do support terror. They pose a very serious risk to U.S. na-tional security and global stability. This is not something to take lightly, and removing North Korea from the SST list was a very serious error in judgment. It is far past time, Mr. Speaker, to correct this mistake, and it has to start by having an honest and trans-parent determination made on Pyongyang, its support for terror, and its ties to other state sponsor of ter-rorism states like Iran. I support Judge P
OE’s bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. In closing, this bill is an important step in confronting North Korea’s sup-port for terrorism around the world. We should not stand idle while North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.021 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2614 April 3, 2017 
Korea engages in terrorism, including kidnappings, target assassinations, cyber attacks, support for other ter-rorist organizations, and nuclear pro-liferation. I again call upon my colleagues to join me in passing this bill, H.R. 479, the North Korea State Sponsor of Ter-rorism Designation Act of 2017. I note that this bill passed our full committee without a single opponent. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I again want to thank Judge P
OEfor his determination to have North Korea labeled as a terrorist state. As Judge P
OEnotes, that is just the way it is. With the passage of this bill today, we are going to take another step, I think, toward pushing back on that re-gime’s destructive ambitions. I think also it is worth noting that we have a recently published U.N. panel of experts on North Korea. They put out this report that says that North Korea continues to illicitly ship dual-use items to both Syria and Iran. Now, those are two terrorist regimes. So I hope that the new administra-tion will move quickly to relist North Korea and continue to seek ways to in-crease pressure on the regime through the sanctions bill that we passed out of here today and other measures. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 479, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 3, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on April 3, 2017, at 4:32 p.m.: That the Senate passed S. 544. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, K
AREN L. H AAS. PRINCIPLES FOR REFORMING THE MILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE PROCESS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–27) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Armed Services and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: I transmit herewith Principles for Reforming the Military Selective Serv-ice Process, in accordance with section 555 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), which calls for the Presi-dent to establish principles for reform of the military selective service proc-ess in support of the National Commis-sion on Military, National, and Public Service. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , April 3, 2017. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 10 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OODALL ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1343, ENCOURAGING EM-PLOYEE OWNERSHIP ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–75) on the resolution (H. Res. 240) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1343) to direct the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission to re-vise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1304, SELF-INSURANCE PRO-TECTION ACT Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–76) on the resolution (H. Res. 241) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1304) to amend the Em-ployee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Public Health Service Act, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the definition of health insurance coverage certain med-ical stop-loss insurance obtained by certain plan sponsors of group health plans, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1219, SUPPORTING AMER-ICA’S INNOVATORS ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 7, 2017, THROUGH APRIL 24, 2017 Mr. BUCK, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–77) on the resolution (H. Res. 242) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1219) to amend the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemp-tion from the definition of an invest-ment company, and providing for pro-ceedings during the period from April 7, 2017, through April 24, 2017, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 209. 
f 
NOTICE OF INTENTION TO OFFER RESOLUTION RAISING A QUES-TION OF THE PRIVILEGES OF THE HOUSE Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, pursu-ant to clause 2(a)(1) of rule IX, I rise to give notice of my intent to raise a question of the privileges of the House. The form of the resolution is as fol-lows: A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that President Donald Trump shall publicly disclose his tax return information, which would conform with an impor-tant tradition connected to occupancy of the White House, as well as uphold his promise to the American people that he would release his tax returns. Whereas, every President since Ger-ald Ford has disclosed his tax return information to the American people; Whereas, in May 2014 Donald Trump stated during a television interview: ‘‘If I decide to run for office I’ll produce my tax returns absolutely. I would love to do that’’; Whereas, in February 2015 Donald Trump stated during a radio interview: ‘‘I have no objection to certainly show-ing tax returns’’; Whereas, in February 2016 Donald Trump stated during a televised Repub-lican Presidential debate: ‘‘I will abso-lutely give my returns, but I’m being audited now for two or three years, so I can’t do it until the audit is finished, obviously’’; Whereas, in May 2016 Donald Trump stated during a television interview: ‘‘I will really gladly give them. When the audit ends, I’ll present them. That should be before the election’’; Whereas, the IRS has made clear that any taxpayer, including Donald Trump, may release his tax returns at any time while under audit; Whereas, the House of Representa-tives by constitutional design is the in-stitution closest to the American peo-ple, and an overwhelming majority of the American people think Donald Trump should release his tax returns immediately; Whereas, 17 different intelligence agencies in the United States have con-cluded that Vladimir Putin and his Russian regime interfered with our Presidential election for the purpose of helping Donald Trump; Whereas, multiple high-level Trump associates were in regular contact with Russian operatives and intelligence agents during the same time that Rus-sia was hacking into our democracy; Whereas, multiple high-level Trump associates have financial ties to the Russian regime; Whereas, Paul Manafort, Donald Trump’s former campaign chairman, engineered a pro-Russia change in the Republican Party platform in July 2016 and has received millions of dollars from pro-Russian oligarchs to advance Putin’s agenda; Whereas, Michael Flynn, Donald Trump’s first National Security Ad-viser, resigned in disgrace for mis-leading to Vice President Mike Pence about potentially unlawful phone calls to the Russian Ambassador and failed to disclose financial compensation re-ceived from a Russian propaganda media outlet closely tied to Vladimir Putin; Whereas, Carter Page, a top foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign, has now acknowledged visiting the Kremlin in the midst of the 2016 Presi-dential election; Whereas, Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump’s Attorney General, misled the Senate under oath by failing to dis-close his meetings with the Russian Ambassador that took place in July 2016 at the Republican National Con-vention and again in September of 2016; Whereas, Michael Cohen, Donald Trump’s personal attorney, now ac-knowledges being in contact with Rus-sian operatives at the same time the attacks on our democracy were taking place; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.028 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2616 April 3, 2017 
Whereas, Jared Kushner, a senior White House advisor and Donald Trump’s son-in-law, now acknowledges previously undisclosed meetings with the Russian Ambassador; Whereas, Roger Stone, a self-de-scribed political trickster and Donald Trump’s long-time consigliere, now ac-knowledges being in contact with the Russian-aligned hacker Guccifer II and predicted during the campaign that John Podesta’s emails would soon be exposed; Whereas, Ian Fleming, the renowned British author has observed, ‘‘Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action’’; Whereas, Donald Trump has shown an unrestrained willingness to criticize and insult allies of the United States of America; Whereas, Donald Trump wrongly ac-cused Great Britain, our closest ally, of wiretapping Trump Tower in New York City; Whereas, Donald Trump declined to shake German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s hand while seated together during their recent joint appearance at the White House; Whereas, Donald Trump stated in a recent C-PAC speech that ‘‘Paris is no longer Paris’’; Whereas, Donald Trump threatened to cancel a refugee transfer agreement with our ally Australia and reportedly hung up on the Prime Minister; Whereas, Donald Trump told the President of Mexico that America would deploy military personnel to that sovereign nation if our southern neighbor does not deal with its ‘‘bad hombres’’; Whereas, Donald Trump has repeat-edly criticized our strategic and mili-tary alliance with Western European allies and called NATO ‘‘obsolete’’; Whereas, Donald Trump refuses to say a negative word about Vladimir Putin or his corrupt Russian regime; Whereas, Bill O’Reilly interviewed Donald Trump on Super Bowl Sunday and asked about Putin’s brutal and murderous regime; Whereas, Donald Trump responded, ‘‘There are a lot of killers. You think our country’s so innocent?’’, suggesting a moral equivalence between the United States and Russia; Whereas, Yogi Berra, the great Yan-kee catcher and philosopher-King, once observed ‘‘that’s too coincidental to be a coincidence’’; Whereas, Donald Trump tweeted on January 11: ‘‘I have nothing to do with Russia—no deals, no loans, no nothing’’ Whereas, Donald Trump Jr. once stated: ‘‘Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia’’; Whereas, disclosure of Donald Trump’s tax returns will help the American people and their elected Rep-resentatives in this House better un-derstand Trump’s financial ties, if any, to Putin’s Russia; Whereas, the American people have a right to know whether financial con-flicts of interest exist between the President of the United States and a hostile foreign power; Whereas, the chairmen of the House Ways and Means Committee, Joint Committee on Taxation, and Senate Finance Committee have the authority to request Donald Trump’s tax returns under section 6103 of the Tax Code; and Whereas, the FBI is conducting a criminal and counterintelligence inves-tigation into Russian interference with the recent Presidential election, in-cluding possible collusion between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin: Now, therefore, be it resolved that the House of Representatives shall: One, immediately request tax return information of Donald J. Trump for tax years 2007 through 2016 for review in closed executive session by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means, as provided under section 6103 of the Internal Rev-enue Code, and vote to report the infor-mation therein to the full House of Representatives; and Two, postpone consideration of com-prehensive tax reform legislation until after the elected Representatives of the American people in this House have been able to review Trump’s tax re-turns and ascertain how any changes to the Tax Code might financially benefit the President of the United States. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under rule IX, a resolution offered from the floor by a Member other than the ma-jority leader or the minority leader as a question of the privileges of the House has immediate precedence only at a time designated by the Chair with-in 2 legislative days after the resolu-tion is properly noticed. Pending that designation, the form of the resolution noticed by the gen-tleman from New York will appear in the R
ECORD at this point. The Chair will not at this point de-termine whether the resolution con-stitutes a question of privilege. That determination will be made at the time designated for consideration of the res-olution. 
f 
NORTH KOREA STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DESIGNATION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, 5-minute voting will con-tinue. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 479) to require a report on the designation of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea as a state sponsor of terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 394, nays 1, not voting 34, as follows: [Roll No. 210] YEAS—394 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Panetta 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.003 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2617 April 3, 2017 
Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—1 
Massie 
NOT VOTING—34 
Abraham Amodei Barletta Barton Bishop (GA) Bridenstine Butterfield Clay Clyburn Comstock Cummings Davis, Danny Duffy Engel Gohmert Grijalva Gutie´rrez Kind Lieu, Ted Lofgren McClintock Murphy (FL) Palazzo Pelosi Polis Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Simpson Slaughter Speier Thompson (MS) Visclosky Yoho 
b1915 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD AUTISM AWARENESS DAY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the world cele-brated Autism Awareness Day. Each year, Autism Speaks asks peo-ple across the Nation and around the globe to ‘‘Light It Up Blue’’ in an effort to increase understanding and accept-ance. Last night, right here in our Nation’s Capital, the White House joined hun-dreds of iconic landmarks as it illumi-nated the exterior blue. Individuals wore blue clothing or turned their on-line profile photos blue. Autism spectrum disorders affect an estimated 1 out of every 68 children in the United States. These families face enormous challenges in assisting their loved ones over the course of their life-times. Each year, an estimated 50,000 youth will turn 18 in the United States, and many face a services cliff when school-based programs end. Men and women living on the autism spectrum have made incredible con-tributions to our society. We must con-tinue to research the causes of autism and work to strengthen opportunities for individuals with autism to live full lives. Together, we can increase under-standing and acceptance as we cele-brate and support so many Americans who live with autism. f 
GORSUCH NOMINATION (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, Judge Neil Gorsuch’s lifelong appointment to the Supreme Court would have serious consequences for all Americans, but especially the health and well-being of African-American women. In 2013, by ruling that corporations have the right to deny access to con-traceptives on employer-sponsored health insurance plans, Judge Gorsuch proved that he believes the reproduc-tive decisions of women nationwide can and should impact their livelihood. This is problematic and troubling. For Black women and so many women across the world, birth control is a matter of health and life. We rely on contraception to treat endo-metriosis, manage uterine fibroids, un-planned pregnancies, and quell PMS symptoms. In 2013, Judge Neil Gorsuch made the decision that his overarching commit-ment to religious freedom as a con-stitutional and statutory right is more important than lifesaving reproductive care. In 2013, he proved he should not be confirmed to the United States Su-preme Court. For this reason and a host of others, I implore my colleagues in the Senate to take all available steps to oppose Judge Gorsuch’s nomi-nation. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE CITY OF WEST MIAMI ON ITS 70TH ANNIVERSARY (Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to pay tribute to the city of West Miami in recognition of its 70th anniversary. What began as a small town of 700 residents has flourished into a haven for nearly 7,000 south Floridians, in-cluding my constituents, Senator M
ARCO RUBIO and Miami-Dade County commissioners and former West Miami Mayor Rebeca Sosa, who are proud to call West Miami home. While the city itself is less than 1 square mile, the tremendous growth that has graced West Miami in the past 70 years has led to the creation of some of the finest public parks and summer camps in our State. To celebrate its founding, local offi-cials, businesses, residents, and their families will gather together on Satur-day, April 8, at Cooper Park, in cele-bration of this incredible milestone. I am honored to represent the city of West Miami, and I thank all who have dedicated countless hours to making this corner of south Florida special for all of us to enjoy. f 
HONORING EQUAL PAY DAY (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to speak in honor of Equal Pay Day, which is tomorrow. Women in our country earn, on aver-age, 78 cents for every dollar that a man makes. For women of color, that gap is larger. Even in my own district, the Eighth Congressional District of Il-linois, where the overall disparity is smaller, women still only earn 83 cents on the dollar. The pay gap is not simply a women’s issue, but a challenge for all Ameri-cans. Gender wage disparities are a fundamental obstacle to millions of families trying to make ends meet. At a time when nearly two-thirds of mothers are primary, sole, or co-bread-winners for their families, the pay gap makes it that much harder to pay for groceries, housing, child care, and all the other necessities of daily life. I am proud to be an original cospon-sor of the Paycheck Fairness Act and hope all my colleagues will join me in supporting this bill to address pay dis-crimination. 
f 
PROTESTING THE ARREST OF REVEREND CAO SAN QIANG (Mr. CONAWAY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to shed light on the religious persecution of Christians by the Chi-nese Government. On March 5 of this year, Reverend Cao San Qiang, also known as ‘‘Pastor John,’’ was arrested and is still behind bars in the Yunnan province of south-west China. I believe that his arrest and detention was for inflated charges leveled against him simply because he is a Christian. Pastor John has been a permanent resident of the United States since 1990, where he attended seminary and became a pastor in Greensboro, North Carolina. He is married, with two chil-dren, and is kind and humble. Even though he was living a comfortable life in the United States, he kept his Chi-nese citizenship so he could continue to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.006 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2618 April 3, 2017 
travel there and spread the good word of Jesus Christ. He has been ministering to the im-poverished people of Myanmar and the Yunnan province of China for over a decade. In these last 3 years, he helped build and staff 16 schools in northern Myanmar. For years, Pastor John regularly crossed the border on his small motor-cycle loaded with food and medicine, without incident. For some reason, this time, he was arrested and charged as a smuggler. Since his arrest, Chinese officials have raided and threatened a number of Christian churches in several prov-inces. I urge the State Department to seek Pastor John’s immediate release from Chinese custody and to stop fur-ther raids before other innocent indi-viduals become casualties of aggressive religious persecution. 
f 
CONGRATULATING FAIRMONT HEIGHTS HORNETS (Mr. BROWN of Maryland asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Speak-er, I rise to congratulate the Fairmont Heights Hornets for winning their first State basketball championship in 36 years. After trailing by as much as 9 points, the Hornets, under the leadership of Coach Chuck Henry, won the 1A boys State title by a score of 65–52. The team of young scholars was resilient, played hard, and never panicked. Credit is due to Coach Henry, who has taken his team to the State cham-pionship after only 2 years on the job. He is a role model, had high expecta-tions for his students, and constantly pushed them to play better on the court and achieve more in the class-room. Throughout the season, Coach Henry never lost faith in his young team. Mr. Speaker, the students on the winning Fairmont Heights team may not go on to play in the NCAA or the NBA, but the memories of this mo-ment, the bonds they have built, and the lessons they have developed will stay with them for a lifetime. Fairmont Heights High School has a proud legacy. When it opened its doors in 1950, it was only one of two high schools in the State of Maryland for African Americans. Now, nearly 70 years later, the school has made his-tory again. This team has made Prince George’s County and the entire Fourth Congressional District very proud. Go, Hornets. 
f 
PROTECTING OUR BORDER (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, the past several days, I had my first-ever tour of our southwest border. During my visit, I met with Border Patrol agents in New Mexico and Texas, as well as ranchers and business leaders on the border. Border security was a significant issue in the last election, as Americans are concerned about the flow of illegal narcotics and aliens across the border. Although gaps in security remain, I saw an impressive array of assets, in-cluding drones and manned aircraft, walls, cameras, and other materiel. More impressive, however, are the men and women who work for Customs and Border Protection, who, at no small risk to themselves, work to keep America secure. They are very encour-aged lately as they see policy changes coming that will allow them to enforce our laws. Mr. Speaker, these individ-uals are literally on the front line de-fending our Nation and communities, and I thank them for their service. I understand that there are job op-portunities with Border Patrol. For those seeking a public service career doing something bigger than them-selves, that is something to consider. f 
EQUAL PAY DAY (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, over 50 years ago, President John F. Kennedy signed into law the Equal Pay Act, landmark legislation which requires that men and women in the same work-place be given equal pay for equal work. Unfortunately, equal pay for equal work has not become a reality. In fact, women are paid between 79 and 80 cents for every dollar that men are paid for doing the exact same job. In fact, it takes women until tomorrow, April 4, to earn what men were paid in the pre-vious year. For women of color, the gap is even wider. In 2015, African-American women made 65 cents for every dollar earned by their White male counter-parts. For Hispanic women, it is even worse. They earn 58 cents for every dol-lar earned by their White male coun-terparts. Women pay a huge price because of the wage gap. Today, families rely in-creasingly on women’s wages to make ends meet; and with less take-home pay, women have less money to cover the everyday needs of their family. Mr. Speaker, it is time for Congress to right the wrong. Let’s pass the Pay-check Fairness Act and send it to the President’s desk for signature. 
f 
b1930 END COMMERCIAL WHALING (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, our great ally Australia has long been the lead-ing voice in the world to end commer-cial whaling. I rise to let them know that they are not alone and to an-nounce the filing of bipartisan legisla-tion to support an end to commercial whaling. Another of our valued allies, Japan, unfortunately continues this depraved practice. In fact, the Japanese whaling fleet has just returned home, having killed 333 Antarctic minke whales. Despite the global ban on commer-cial whaling, Japan continues the slaughter on the seas under a thinly veiled claim of research. Research into whales is important, but all available science shows that this research can be conducted with nonlethal testing and biopsies. The Japan whale hunt isn’t about re-search. It is about whale meat. In 2012, a Japanese minister even commented that the minke whale offers great fla-vor and aroma as sashimi. I think that is disgusting. The Japanese whalers shoot the world’s majestic mammals with ex-ploding harpoons and electric lances. Death can often take hours. Commercial and fake research hunt-ing of whales must end. I thank Aus-tralia for its leadership. I ask Japan to be honest with the world and end this barbaric practice. f 
JOBS SHOULD BE JOB ONE (Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York asked and was given permis-sion to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, the consensus for this Friday’s Bureau of Labor Statis-tics jobs report is that it will show the economy added about 178,000 new pri-vate sector jobs in March. That is a good number, though not as good as the March numbers in recent years. As The New York Times put it: ‘‘Growth in the first 3 months of the Trump administration is looking much the way it did’’ in the growth under President Obama. But because of the current adminis-tration’s inaction on vital economic issues, like infrastructure spending, right now about one in three market experts now think that a near-term stock market correction may be in the cards. Instead of doing the things we need to do to rev up the economy, this body has been spending time trying to make it harder for women to access contra-ceptives, gutting our right to privacy on the internet, and trying to take health care away from millions of Americans. That is no way, Mr. Speak-er, to create jobs. How about we do what the President said he wanted to do? Let’s make the investments that we need now that will stimulate the creation of good jobs— good-paying jobs for Americans. That should be job number one for this Con-gress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.033 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2619 April 3, 2017 
HAPPY 108TH BIRTHDAY TO MARY COFFEY (Mr. OLSON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, 100 years is a century. It is a really long time. 108 years of life is a blessing. A young lady I work for in the Texas 22nd Congressional District, who lives in my hometown of Sugar Land, is such a blessing. Her name is Mary Coffey, and she celebrated her 108th birthday on March 20. In a recent article in the Fort Bend Star, Mary described her keys to being blessed: Number one, trust Jesus and lead several Bible studies with your friends; number two, get plenty of exer-cise; number three, eat healthy; and number four is about personal hygiene, have jar after jar after jar of Pond’s cold cream available when you need it most. For 108 years, Mary has inspired all of us. Happy 108th birthday, Mary. Let’s go out; maybe go out dancing if you prom-ise not to wear me out. 
f 
INVESTIGATION INTO RUSSIAN CONNECTIONS IS LONG OVERDUE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, today The Washington Post reported that the United Arab Emirates arranged a se-cret meeting in January between Blackwater founder and major Trump contributor Erik Prince and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin. The meeting was an apparent effort to es-tablish a back-channel line of commu-nication between Moscow and Presi-dent-elect Donald Trump, according to U.S., European, and Arab officials. Erik Prince, by the way, is the broth-er to Betsy DeVos, the Secretary of Education. The UAE’s incentive to broker this meeting comes from the de-teriorating relationship between them and Iran. They wanted to drive a wedge between Russia, Iran, and Syria. Agree-ment on that deal would need a hand-some reward, like the easing of U.S. sanctions on the Russian Federation for its invasion of Ukraine. Blackwater is the private security firm that became infamous for U.S. abuses in Iraq after a series of inci-dents, including one in 2007 in which the company’s guards were charged and criminally convicted of killing civil-ians. ‘‘Officials said Zayed and his brother, the UAE’s national security adviser, coordinated the Seychelles meeting with Russian Government officials with the goal of establishing an unoffi-cial back channel between Trump and Putin.’’ The UAE at one point paid Erik Prince’s firm a reported half a bil-lion dollars to consult on defensive se-curity. An independent bipartisan commis-sion to investigate Trump officials and Russian connections is long overdue. [From the Washington Post, Apr. 3, 2017] B
LACKWATER FOUNDER HELD SECRET  S
EYCHELLES MEETING TO ESTABLISH TRUMP - P
UTIN BACKCHANNEL  (By Adam Entous, Greg Miller, Kevin Sieff and Karen DeYoung) The United Arab Emirates arranged a se-cret meeting in January between Blackwater founder Erik Prince and a Russian close to President Vladimir Putin as part of an ap-parent effort to establish a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and President-elect Donald Trump, according to U.S., European and Arab officials. The meeting took place around Jan. 11— nine days before Trump’s inauguration—in the Seychelles islands in the Indian Ocean, officials said. Though the full agenda re-mains unclear, the UAE agreed to broker the meeting in part to explore whether Russia could be persuaded to curtail its relationship with Iran, including in Syria, a Trump ad-ministration objective that would likely re-quire major concessions to Moscow on U.S. sanctions. Though Prince had no formal role with the Trump campaign or transition team, he pre-sented himself as an unofficial envoy for Trump to high-ranking Emiratis involved in setting up his meeting with the Putin con-fidant, according to the officials, who did not identify the Russian. Prince was an avid supporter of Trump who gave $250,000 last year to support the GOP nominee’s campaign, records show. He has ties to people in Trump’s circle, includ-ing Stephen K. Bannon, now serving as the president’s chief strategist and senior coun-selor. Prince’s sister Betsy DeVos serves as education secretary in the Trump adminis-tration. And Prince was seen in the Trump transition offices in New York in December. U.S. officials said the FBI has been scruti-nizing the Seychelles meeting as part of a broader probe of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election and alleged contacts be-tween associates of Putin and Trump. The FBI declined to comment. The Seychelles encounter, which one offi-cial said spanned two days, adds to an ex-panding web of connections between Russia and Americans with ties to Trump—contacts that the White House has been reluctant to acknowledge or explain until they have been exposed by news organizations. ‘‘We are not aware of any meetings and Erik Prince had no role in the transition,’’ said Sean Spicer, the White House press sec-retary. ‘‘Erik had no role on the transition team. This is a complete fabrication,’’ said a spokesman for Prince in a statement. ‘‘The meeting had nothing to do with President Trump. Why is the so-called underresourced intelligence community messing around with surveillance of American citizens when they should be hunting terrorists?’’ Prince is best known as the founder of Blackwater, a security firm that became a symbol of U.S. abuses in Iraq after a series of incidents including one in 2007 in which the company’s guards were accused—and later criminally convicted—of killing civilians in a crowded Iraqi square. Prince sold the firm, which was subsequently rebranded, but has continued building a private paramilitary empire with contracts across the Middle East and Asia. Prince would probably have been seen as too controversial to serve in any official ca-pacity in the Trump transition or adminis-tration. But his ties to Trump advisers, expe-rience with clandestine work and relation-ship with the royal leaders of the Emirates— where he moved in 2010 amid mounting legal problems for his American business—would have positioned him as an ideal go-between. The Seychelles meeting came after private discussions in New York involving high- ranking representatives of Trump, Moscow and the Emirates. The White House has acknowledged that Michael T. Flynn, Trump’s original national security adviser, and Trump adviser and son- in-law Jared Kushner met with the Russian ambassador to the United States, Sergey Kislyak, in late November or early December in New York. Flynn and Kushner were joined by Bannon for a separate meeting with the crown prince of Abu Dhabi, Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed al- Nahyan, who made an undisclosed visit to New York later in December, according to the U.S., European and Arab officials who spoke on the condition of anonymity to dis-cuss sensitive matters. In an unusual breach of protocol, the UAE did not notify the Obama administration in advance of the visit, though officials found out because Zayed’s name appeared on a flight manifest. Officials said Zayed and his brother, the UAE’s national security adviser, coordinated the Seychelles meeting with Russian govern-ment officials with the goal of establishing an unofficial back channel between Trump and Putin. Officials said Zayed wanted to be helpful to both leaders who had talked about working more closely together, a policy objective long advocated by the crown prince. The UAE, which sees Iran as one of its main en-emies, also shared the Trump team’s interest in finding ways to drive a wedge between Moscow and Tehran. Zayed met twice with Putin in 2016, ac-cording to Western officials, and urged the Russian leader to work more closely with the Emirates and Saudi Arabia—an effort to isolate Iran. At the time of the Seychelles meeting and for weeks afterward, the UAE believed that Prince had the blessing of the new adminis-tration to act as its unofficial representa-tive. The Russian participant was a person whom Zayed knew was close to Putin from his interactions with both men, the officials said. When the Seychelles meeting took place, official contacts between members of the in-coming Trump administration and the Rus-sian government were under intense scru-tiny, both from federal investigators and the press. Less than a week before the Seychelles meeting, U.S. intelligence agencies released a report accusing Russia of intervening clan-destinely during the 2016 election to help Trump win the White House. The FBI was already investigating commu-nications between Flynn and Kislyak. The Washington Post’s David Ignatius first dis-closed those communications on Jan. 12, around the time of the Seychelles meeting. Flynn was subsequently fired by Trump for misleading Vice President Pence and others about his discussions with Kislyak. Yousef Al Otaiba, the UAE’s ambassador in Washington, declined to comment. Government officials in the Seychelles said they were not aware of any meetings be-tween Trump and Putin associates in the country around Jan. 11. But they said luxury resorts on the island are ideal for clandestine gatherings like the one described by the U.S., European and Arab officials. ‘‘I wouldn’t be surprised at all,’’ said Barry Faure, the Seychelles secretary of state for foreign affairs. ‘‘The Seychelles is the kind of place where you can have a good time away from the eyes of the media. That’s even 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.035 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2620 April 3, 2017 
printed in our tourism marketing. But I guess this time you smelled something.’’ Trump has dismissed the investigations of Russia’s role in the election as ‘‘fake news’’ and a ‘‘witch hunt.’’ The level of discretion surrounding the Seychelles meeting seems extraordinary given the frequency with which senior Trump advisers, including Flynn and Kushner, had interacted with Russian offi-cials in the United States, including at the high-profile Trump Tower in New York. Steven Simon, a National Security Council senior director for the Middle East and North Africa in the Obama White House, said: ‘‘The idea of using business cutouts, or individuals perceived to be close political leaders, as a tool of diplomacy is as old as the hills. These unofficial channels are desir-able precisely because they are deniable; ideas can be tested without the risk of fail-ure.’’ Current and former U.S. officials said that while Prince refrained from playing a direct role in the Trump transition, his name sur-faced so frequently in internal discussions that he seemed to function as an outside ad-viser whose opinoins were valued on a range of issues, including plans for overhauling the U.S. intelligence community. He appears to have particularly close ties to Bannon, appearing multiple times as a guest on Bannon’s satellite radio program over the past year as well as in articles on the Breitbart Web site that Bannon ran be-fore joining the Trump campaign. In a July interview with Bannon, Prince said those seeking forceful U.S. leadership should ‘‘wait till January and hope Mr. Trump is elected.’’ And he lashed out at President Barack Obama, saying that be-cause of his policies ‘‘the terrorists, the fas-cists, are winning.’’ Days before the November election, Prince appeared on Bannon’s program again, saying that he had ‘‘well-placed sources’’ in the New York City Police Department telling him they were preparing to make arrests in the investigation of former congressman An-thony Weiner (D–N.Y.) over allegations he exchanged sexually explicit texts with a minor. Flynn tweeted a link to the Breitbart report on the claim. No arrests occurred. Prince went on to make a series of un-founded assertions that damaging material recovered from Weiner’s computers would implicate Hillary Clinton and her close ad-viser, Huma Abedin, who was married to Weiner. He also called Abedin an ‘‘agent of influence very sympathetic to the Muslim Brotherhood.’’ Prince and his family were major GOP do-nors in 2016. After the Republican conven-tion, he contributed $250,000 to Trump’s cam-paign, the national party and a pro-Trump super PAC led by GOP mega-donor Rebekah Mercer. The Center for Responsive Politics reported that the family gave more than $2.7 million to GOP candidates and super PACs, including about $2.7 million from his sister, DeVos, and her husband. Prince’s father, Edgar Prince, built his for-tune through an auto-parts company. Betsy married Richard DeVos Jr., heir to the Amway fortune. Erik Prince has had lucrative contracts with the UAE government, which at one point paid his firm a reported $529 million to help bring in foreign fighters to help assem-ble an internal paramilitary force capable of carrying out secret operations and pro-tecting Emirati installations from terrorist attacks. The Trump administration and the UAE appear to share a similar preoccupation with Iran. Current and former officials said that Trump advisers were focused throughout the transition period on exploring ways to get Moscow to break ranks with Tehran. ‘‘Separating Russia from Iran was a com-mon theme,’’ said a former intelligence offi-cial in the Obama administration who met with Trump transition officials. ‘‘It didn’t seem very well thought out. It seemed a lit-tle premature. They clearly had a very spe-cific policy position, which I found odd given that they hadn’t even taken the reins and ex-plored with experts in the U.S. government the pros and cons of that approach.’’ Michael McFaul, former U.S. ambassador to Russia, said he also had discussions with people close to the Trump administration about the prospects of drawing Russia away from Iran. ‘‘When I would hear this, I would think, ‘Yeah that’s great for you guys, but why would Putin ever do that?’’’ McFaul said. ‘‘There is no interest in Russia ever doing that. They have a long relationship with Iran. They’re allied with Iran in fight-ing in Syria. They sell weapons to Iran. Iran is an important strategic partner for Russia in the Middle East.’’ Following the New York meeting between the Emiratis and Trump aides, Zayed was ap-proached by Prince, who said he was author-ized to act as an unofficial surrogate for the president-elect, according to the officials. He wanted Zayed to set up a meeting with a Putin associate. Zayed agreed and proposed the Seychelles as the meeting place because of the privacy it would afford both sides. ‘‘He wanted to be helpful,’’ one official said of Zayed. Wealthy Russians and Emirati royalty have a particularly large footprint on the is-lands. Signs advertising deep-sea fishing trips are posted in Cyrillic. Russian billion-aire Mikhail Prokhorov owns North Island, where Prince William and Catherine, Duch-ess of Cambridge, went on their honeymoon in 2011. Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed al-Nahyan, president of the UAE, built a hilltop palace for himself with views across the chain of is-lands. The Emiratis have given hundreds of mil-lions of dollars to the Seychelles in recent years for causes including public health and affordable housing. But when the Emirati royal family visits, they are rarely seen. ‘‘The jeep comes to their private jet on the tarmac and they disappear,’’ said one Seychellois official who spoke on the condi-tion of anonymity because he did not want to be seen as criticizing the Emiratis. Zayed, the crown prince, owns a share of the Seychelles Four Seasons, a collection of private villas scattered on a lush hillside on the main island’s southern shore, over-looking the Indian Ocean, according to offi-cials in the Seychelles. The hotel is tucked away on a private beach, far from the near-est public road. Current and former U.S. officials who have worked closely with Zayed, who is often re-ferred to as MBZ, say it would be out of character for him to arrange the Jan. 11 meeting without getting a green light in ad-vance from top aides to Trump and Putin, if not the leaders themselves. ‘‘MBZ is very cautious,’’ said an American businessman who knows Zayed. ‘‘There had to be a nod.’’ The Seychelles meeting was deemed pro-ductive by the UAE and Russia but the idea of arranging additional meetings between Prince and Putin’s associates was dropped, officials said. Even unofficial contacts be-tween Trump and Putin associates had be-come too politically risky, officials said. Sieff reported from the Seychelles. Julie Tate, Devlin Barrett, Matea Gold, Tom Ham-burger and Rosalind S. Helderman contrib-uted to this report. HONORING CHIEF CLINT GREENWOOD (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, early this morning, Precinct 3 Assistant Chief Clint Greenwood put on his uni-form, secured his badge over his heart, and he headed off to work. As he arrived at the courthouse at 7 a.m., shots suddenly rang out. After the smoke cleared, Chief Greenwood was shot in the neck. His fellow offi-cers rushed to his aid, and he was air-lifted to a nearby Houston hospital, but it was too late. Texas lost another one of its finest men in blue. The suspect is still at large, but not for long. As the investigation develops, it is still unclear if Deputy Chief Greenwood was specifically targeted or if he was ambushed because he wore the uniform. Law enforcement will do everything in their power to find and apprehend the murderous outlaw. Chief Greenwood dedicated 30 years of his life to the law. I knew Clint when I worked as a judge in Houston, Texas. He was a prosecutor. He was a defense lawyer. He worked for the sheriff’s de-partment, and now more recently as a member of the constable’s office. He was of strong character and a proud Texas lawman. Texas prays for Chief Greenwood’s family and the Harris County, Texas, constable’s office. Our men and women who wear the badge are the best we have. They protect and serve our com-munities. Chief Greenwood’s life may be gone, but his memory serves as a re-minder of all those who give their lives for the thin blue line. Back the blue, Mr. Speaker. Back the blue. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
ELECTRIC UTILITY TRANSMISSION LINES IN NATIONAL FORESTS (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, tonight I am pleased to announce the Electric Reliability and Forest Protection Act of 2017, cosponsored by my colleague Representative S
CHRADER of Wash-ington. Thousands of miles of electric utility transmission lines run through our na-tional forests, key infrastructure that literally keeps the lights on across the West. Unfortunately, existing Forest Service rules hinder effective removal of hazardous trees and safe manage-ment of transmission rights-of-way. In too many cases, the inability to ad-dress hazards in a timely fashion re-sults in blackouts, damaged infrastruc-ture, and even forest fires, something we have too much of in the West, as you know. This all could be prevented if electric utilities were allowed to re-move the dangers in a timely fashion. This bill will reform that broken sys-tem by streamlining the process for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.022 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2621 April 3, 2017 
utilities to receive Forest Service ap-proval for long-term transmission maintenance plans, allowing them to take immediate action to remove haz-ardous trees as soon as they are identi-fied, before they cause a fire. This is a widely supported rule by rural communities, rural electric co-operatives, and many others. It is a good bipartisan effort. Let’s get it done. 
f 
THE SMITH FAMILY ACHIEVED THE AMERICAN DREAM THROUGH HARD WORK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
ERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s an-nounced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, last month I had the privilege of meeting Lisa and Chad Smith and their charming son Jamil during a visit to Newland, North Carolina, in the Fifth District. The Smiths are the proprietors of Forage Soaps, which began in 2014 with a $50 purchase of supplies and a trip to the Avery County Farmers Market to sell their first batch of wild-crafted soaps made in their kitchen. Wild- crafted refers to plants collected from their natural or indigenous habitat. The Smiths handpicked these botanicals fresh from the trail with minimal environmental impact to en-sure long-term sustainability. Well, that first batch turned into a second batch and a third batch, and so on. As they continued to make soap, they bought better equipment and in-vested in larger orders of supplies. Word spread about their soap, and be-fore they knew it, the Smiths were re-ceiving invitations to attend craft and artisan shows. They were invited to put their soap in several local galleries, and it wasn’t long before they were fill-ing their first wholesale order. Today their business includes a retail location that also functions as their studio as well as several small satellite locations and an online store. Chad works for Mountain Electric Coopera-tive full time, and Lisa has a master’s degree in organic chemistry and biol-ogy. She has been making soap for more than 20 years. The Smiths adopted Jamil when he was 18 months old. They were told he would never be able to speak and may never be able to walk. Today he does both and is attending school and thriv-ing with their loving care. He even helps out with the business, where he loves to mix oils and wild-craft herbs. Their older children help with deliv-eries and during special events, while their grandchildren like to come on weekends to help stock shelves and run the cash register. It is truly a family affair. Lisa likes to say she and Chad built their business one bar of soap at a time. They didn’t take out business loans or expect to be an overnight suc-cess. Instead, they started small and grew a little bit at a time, working long, hard hours, and eventually rein-vesting in their business. The Smiths are living proof that one can achieve the American Dream through hard work. It is an honor to represent them in Congress. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ). 
THE FLORIDA EVERGLADES  
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I rise to speak on an issue important to so many Floridians, and that is the Florida Everglades. The Everglades are Florida. They are as iconic as the Blue Angels, the space shuttle, and even the orange. No one in Florida is unaffected by the fate of the Everglades. This is why I join my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in encouraging President Trump to remain focused on Ever-glades restoration. Congress has invested in these projects before, and the Everglades ecosystem is improving as a result. But there is debate about how to proceed. In short, the question is: Should the government buy more Everglades land? I say no. Forty-two percent of the land in south Florida is already owned by the government. We should get the government out of the real estate busi-ness, not deeper into it. Instead of a land buy, we must finish the Comprehensive Everglades Res-toration Plan. Since 2000, this plan has enjoyed bipartisan support. Taxpayer dollars go toward important environ-mental work. The plan respects private property rights, doesn’t harm agricul-tural communities who play a critical role in Florida’s economies, and ad-vances the cause of restoration. Florida’s Everglades are a national treasure. We can’t afford to lose them. Finishing the Comprehensive Ever-glades Restoration Plan will ensure that our river of grass will be around for generations to come. Mr. Speaker, I take particular pride in thanking both Congressmen R
OO-
NEYs from my State for their out-standing leadership. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1945 CONFIRMATION OF NEIL GORSUCH TO THE SUPREME COURT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the des-ignee of the minority leader. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to come to the floor this evening to coanchor the Congressional Black Caucus hour about the present nominee to the Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch. I am very pleased that my good friend from Texas, Representative S
HEILA JACKSON LEE, a distinguished member of the Judiciary Committee, has agreed to coanchor this hour with me. Mr. Speaker, I am chair of the work-ing group for the Congressional Black Caucus that looks at nominees for Fed-eral courts. So, I have buried myself in the record of Neil Gorsuch and wrote the testimony that we submitted to the Senate. What I will do is speak for a few min-utes generally about the nominee, and then I will go to my good friend from Texas. I am very pleased that another good friend, Mr. DONPAYNE , Jr., is here from the State of New Jersey, and we will hear from him as well. Now, just as the Congress has been polarized so has the court been polar-ized, if you look at the liberal and con-servative blocks in that way. But, of course, since the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, there has been a 4–4 split. Justice Anthony Kennedy, who is still a Member of the Court is not always a predictable con-servative, though he tends to vote with the conservatives. What has happened in the Senate is entirely predictable, at least today. In an unprecedented move, the Senate re-fused to hear from or even meet the nominee of President Obama. There was almost a full year, yet the Senate refused to take up that nominee. What happened today was not pay-back. If you listened to the testimony, you would see that there are good rea-sons why the Senate Democrats today decided to filibuster Judge Gorsuch. I want to begin because I am speak-ing for the Congressional Black Caucus with his views as they affect African- Americans and, by definition, others who depend upon the antidiscrimina-tion laws and the Constitution of the United States. There is more than enough in the record on race related matters from Judge Gorsuch’s 10th Circuit service to oppose his nomination. But let me focus for a moment on his pre-court service, which seems to have predicted what he would do in the court of ap-peals. He was a principal deputy to the principal who had jurisdiction over the Civil Rights Division. We have to pay attention to the fact that the inspector general, during Judge Gorsuch’s time in the Justice Department, found that the Civil Rights Division, where he had some oversight, had been politicized in order to stifle civil rights enforcement. As you might imagine, the Congres-sional Black Caucus had to pay atten-tion to that finding by a neutral inves-tigator. We also are very concerned about how Gorsuch is a Justice Department Official treated a Georgia election law. As we know, election laws from the South—of course, there has been a his-toric decision that has made the Vot-ing Rights Act far less effective than it was—but certainly during most of the time of the Act, Southern states had to go through the Justice Department to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.037 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2622 April 3, 2017 
see if the laws in southern States, that had kept African-Americans from vot-ing for reasons of race, to see if newly enacted laws affecting voting rights, in fact, discriminated against African- Americans and others or not. A Georgia election law was found by the Civil Rights Division to be dis-criminatory. Judge Gorsuch was part of the team that overturned the Civil Rights Division. That was, of course, challenged in the courts. And the rul-ing of the Justice Department that pre- cleared the law—that said it was all right to go ahead with this law that the Civil Rights Division had found dis-criminated against Blacks—the court overturned that finding of the Justice Department. It used quite pregnant language. The District Court said that the Georgia election law was reminiscent of Jim Crow laws. Those words have special meaning in our history—and I speak not here about African-Americans alone. But if you have found yourself in the minority on any issue—it could be a First Amendment issue, it could be a criminal justice issue—you want a court that will protect your rights, not only the rights of the majority. But this nominee has shown a hos-tility to litigation in the courts that have been the primary ways we have vindicated constitutional rights and the rights of minorities of every kind. In a telling op-ed, this nominee, Mr. Gorsuch, said: ‘‘American liberals have become addicted to the courtroom, re-lying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the primary means of effecting their social agenda.’’ What? What else was there? The ma-jority had enforced laws against the minority—in this case, African-Ameri-cans. He conceded that Brown v. Board of Education the school desegregation decision. But he went on to say that liberals should ‘‘kick their addiction’’ to constitutional litigation. This is a man who wants to get on the Court whose most important mission is con-stitutional litigation. I submit to you that even the Justice who epitomized conservatism, Justice Scalia, never showed hostility coming to Court to vindicate the rights of peo-ple who felt themselves to be offended. So in that respect, I think it is clear that—and this is a very important re-spect—Judge Gorsuch is more conserv-ative than Justice Scalia was on the Court. Nothing could be more concerning than a Justice who says: Look, the pre-ferred way to vindicate your rights is the political process. Who would disagree with that? It is the failure of the political proc-ess that sends people to the court. It shows, it seems to me, little appre-ciation for the Bill of Rights itself. The entire Bill of Rights is about the rights of the minority. And again, the word ‘‘minority’’ means any of us could be in that minority at any given point. You could be in that minority when it comes to religious rights. You could be in that minority because of a search and seizure case. You could be in that minority because of a free speech case. And, yes, you could be in that minority because you are part of a classic minor-ity group. That is why the 13th, 14th, and 15th Amendments were added to the Bill of Rights. The Framers, of course, shared Gorsuch’s preference for the political process. A Constitution is a, small D, democratic document. But they cre-ated a separation of powers govern-ment knowing full well that majoritarian democracy sometimes treads on the rights of minorities. That is why we have the Supreme Court of the United States which Mr. Gorsuch seeks a seat. Mr. Speaker, before I go on to discuss some cases, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey, (Mr. P
AYNE ), my good friend from New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I appre-ciate the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia’s leadership through-out the years on many of these issues. Mr. Speaker, confirmation of Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court would be detrimental to the interests of working Americans, particularly Afri-can-Americans and other vulnerable communities. Just as President Trump’s agenda prioritizes special interests, Judge Gorsuch’s record shows that he favors powerful interests and businesses over regular people. His hostility to class action lawsuits would threaten protec-tions for workers, especially African- Americans and other minorities. What is particularly of concern to me is Gorsuch’s opinion in what is known as the ‘‘frozen trucker’’ case. Gorsuch ruled against an African-American truck driver who, after breaking down in freezing weather, ignored his super-visor by unhitching the broken trailer from his truck and driving away in search of assistance. In freezing cold weather, the truck driver is nearly freezing to death. He has a truck that won’t work with fro-zen brakes. They are telling him to move—to use the truck and drive away. If he takes his truck with frozen brakes, the harm potentially to other citizens is great. An 18-wheeler truck with no brakes, that doesn’t seem log-ical. Gorsuch believed that the employee should have followed the orders, even though the driver’s life was at risk. Gorsuch was the sole vote against the driver, who was put in the position of having to choose between freezing to death, driving an unsafe vehicle and endangering the lives of others, or unhitching his trailer and seeking help. b2000 Judge Gorsuch’s record is also trou-bling when it comes to issues around police accountability. Gorsuch believes in granting police qualified immunity, which protects law enforcement from being held liable for any excessive use of force. Now, this is deeply concerning given the widespread use of excessive force against African Americans by po-lice and the increasing number of po-lice shooting deaths of unarmed Afri-can Americans. This is particularly concerning to me. I come from Newark, New Jersey, and the police department is being overseen by a Federal monitor fol-lowing a 2014 review that determined officers repeatedly violated citizens’ civil rights. Additionally, Gorsuch’s record on civil rights is deeply troubling. The Na-tional Bar Association, our Nation’s oldest and largest national association of predominantly African-American lawyers and judges, notes that Gorsuch has shown a strong tendency to be bi-ased in favor of powerful corporate in-terests and unapologetically biased against workers and victims of civil and human rights violations. The confirmation of Gorsuch would threaten the protections and the rights of African Americans. Gorsuch is in lockstep with the President, favoring the wealthy over ordinary Americans. This is why I oppose his confirmation. Even those who disagree that Gorsuch would bring a biased view to the Court should see the necessity in delaying consideration of Gorsuch, given the ongoing controversy over the Trump-Russia connection. It is inap-propriate to rush forward with a life-time appointment made by a President who is under investigation by the FBI and trapped in scandal. The Senate should delay consideration of Gorsuch until an independent commission in-vestigates Russia’s election inter-ference and any ties between Trump and Russia. Let me just say that Judge Gorsuch has put on a very good show in front of the Senate, seeming to be very con-fident and thoughtful, but never really answering a lot of the questions that were asked of him. We feel that this jurist should not sit on the highest court in the land be-cause of the bias that he has shown against working people and regular citizens in this country. Justice is sup-posed to be blind, but it seems that this jurist has a bias against the Amer-ican working class person, the normal Joe, the minority looking for an equal break, and to have him sit on the high-est court in the land would be a grave, grave mistake. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) for those cogent remarks. I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
AYNE ) for his very careful scru-tiny of Judge Gorsuch and for partici-pating with us tonight. It gives me great privilege to join with the distinguished Congresswoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ) to be able to really articulate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.047 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2623 April 3, 2017 
what is at stake with the potential for Gorsuch to be the ninth member of the United States Supreme Court. As I do that, allow me to offer a per-sonal note of sympathy to my home-town, to the Constable’s Office, in the shooting and death of Chief Clinton Greenwood, to his family for his tragic death, and to acknowledge the service that he has given in many, many ways as a law enforcement officer and attor-ney committed to the implementation of the law. My sympathy goes to his family and to his colleagues. I also want to acknowledge the trag-edy in Russia and the loss of life, which indicates how close all of us are around the world and that we should be com-mitted to the fight against terrorism, wherever it may be. If I might, I applaud the Democratic Senators, in this instance, in the other body to express my appreciation for taking a fight that many would be crit-ical of. Now, that fight I don’t put in the context of politics or partisanship. I have not heard one Senator who is op-posing Judge Gorsuch and is not sup-porting or participating in the fili-buster mention one word about the po-litical elections or the process that oc-curred in 2016. I have heard truly deliberative anal-ysis that I think is important to re-count, Congresswoman N
ORTON . I am delighted with the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia and the dis-tinguished leadership that the gentle-woman gives us as the chair of the Ju-dicial Nominating Committee for the Congressional Black Caucus, a position that the gentlewoman has served ably for years and has resulted in some out-standing jurists because of her leader-ship that the Congressional Black Cau-cus has been able to advocate for. During the tenure of President Barack Obama, as the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia worked very closely on his nominees, distin-guished jurists have been placed on the Federal bench and in the Supreme Court to no one’s complaint. In addi-tion, President Obama followed pro-tocol and consulted with Members of the other party in the United States Senate. Unfortunately, we are now ending this process with the nomination of Judge Gorsuch by the President of the United States, this President who an-nounced it as a campaign trick by issuing a list of individuals that he had not vetted but had been given by those who were bartering: This is a list, and you will have our support in the elec-tion. My fear is that that is not the con-text in which distinguished jurists should be appointed to the Supreme Court. There is no doubt that this was bait for voters to be able to fall in the column of this particular individual who now holds the office. So no criticism should go to my col-leagues in the other body who realize that this is about life-or-death mat-ters. This is about the millions of Americans who will suffer at the hands of Judge Gorsuch on the United States Supreme Court. I am more convinced now. I am grateful for their debate be-cause, as they have debated in a very detailed, passionate manner, I hope that they have been able to provide light and education to Americans who may be watching and trying to under-stand the ‘‘no’’ vote and the ‘‘yes’’ vote, the filibuster, that it is not in any way anyone’s political desire to not have the Supreme Court working on behalf of the American people, ad-hering to the high calling and ultimate judgment of the Supreme Court, which is to recognize settled law and to be able to respect the rights of all Ameri-cans and not skew this Court to the point that some Americans will be left out in the hall of justice. Why should my friends in the other body who have taken this courageous stand yield to false criticism and pon-tificating and grandstanding about they have never seen this before, the other persons who have voted ‘‘yes’’ have never seen this before, this is out-rageous, a qualified individual. I have no angst against the person. He has ascended to the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals. He has colleagues who respect him. He showed himself re-spectful before the Senate Judiciary Committee; in fact, some called him charming and engaging. Again, I make mention of the fact that this is about life and death. So let me put in the context a very important statement made by Amanda Bronstad in the National Law Journal article, February 28, 2017: ‘‘Neil Gorsuch ‘Piercingly Textual’ and Often Pro-Defense on Class Actions and Arbi-tration.’’ ‘‘According to a careful review of Gorsuch’s decisions, his textualist ap-proach, more than ideology, is the common theme of his opinions on class actions, arbitration, and mass torts. And yet, though some of his decisions have favored plaintiffs, Gorsuch’s care-ful judicial reasoning and parsing of statutory language has more often led him to side with the defense,’’ leaving most others out in the cold. In addition, Judge Gorsuch has a dis-dain for those who seek to redress their civil rights and other remedies of law. In a 2015 article published in the con-servative National Review, these are his words: ‘‘American liberals have been ad-dicted to the courtroom, relying on judges and lawyers rather than elected leaders and the ballot box, as the pri-mary means of effecting their social agenda on everything from gay mar-riage to assisted suicide to the use of vouchers for private school education. ‘‘This overweening addiction to the courtroom as the place to debate social policy is bad for the country and bad for the judiciary.’’ Well, Judge Gorsuch, let me tell you a thing or two. I grew up in a seg-regated America. At my birth, African Americans were treated unequally in terms of education as well as accom-modations, as well as the right to vote. We couldn’t even march in some places in the Deep South without being shot at, losing our lives, being hosed at, and dogs making sure that our young kids were intimidated and even bitten. Maybe he fails to remember the four little girls in the 16th Street Baptist Church in Birmingham, called the bombing in Birmingham, in 1963. Maybe he fails to remember the trag-edy of the Edmond Pettus Bridge or Jimmie Lee Jackson shot dead in the streets of Selma. Or maybe he doesn’t understand Brown v. Board of Edu-cation, Roe v. Wade, Miranda v. Ari-zona, Gideon v. Wainwright, New York Times v. Sullivan, Obergefell v. Hodges, and Shelby County v. Holder. These cases are dealing with issues such as the right to vote, the right to an equal education, the Fourth Amend-ment interpretation of the right to be protected from unreasonable search and seizure, and the First Amendment right to freedom of the press. b2015 Maybe he doesn’t understand that these cases have brought to America the image and the recognition of jus-tice. It doesn’t seem that he has that interpretation. So I just want to read another inter-pretation of his record by the Leader-ship Conference on Civil and Human Rights. ‘‘Judge Gorsuch’s decade-long record on the Federal bench, as well as his writings, speeches, and activities throughout his career, demonstrate he is a judge with an agenda.’’ What a frightening proposition, that he goes to the Supreme Court, having given the impression that he is just an open book, genuinely concerned. ‘‘His frequent dissents and concur-rences show he is out of the main stream of legal thought and unwilling to accept the constructs of binding precedent and stare decisis when they dictate results he disfavors.’’ Stare decisis is something that we learned in law school, but that is a very appropriate and important basis of decisions. ‘‘If confirmed to the Supreme Court, which is closely divided on many crit-ical issues, Judge Gorsuch would tip the balance in a direction that would undermine many of our core rights and legal protections. He lacks the impar-tiality and independence the American people expect and deserve from the Federal bench.’’ Let me make one or two other points that I think are so very important. I hope to put my entire statement into the R
ECORD , and we will be engaging, and I know that my colleague will have further comments, but I want to make sure that we point back to those who are criticizing a very courageous stance because they are taking the stance, my friends in the other body, in the backdrop of all these accolades and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.040 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2624 April 3, 2017 
how genuine and charming he is. I have said that before. But he is going against the backdrop of protocol—no engagement with the Democratic Senators, no adherence to the President, when he was President- elect, who pledged to the Nation that he would be the President of all Ameri-cans—because it rings hollow to tens of millions of Americans. My colleague from New Jersey men-tioned the truck driver story. It was a 2–1 decision. He was dissenting. No per-son with common sense and knowledge of the law would reject the under-standing that this individual acted not against the instructions of his em-ployer in leaving a truck that—by the way, the cargo area of the truck—noth-ing was violated, no product was taken, with bad brakes, and in jeopardy of his life, if he had left the cargo portion of the truck and tried to drive away on this frozen night, after waiting 3 hours in a cabin where he was freezing to death, he would have died. Yet Judge Gorsuch did not think that was important enough to rule in favor of this African-American who had a 2– 1 decision. He thought that the em-ployer could fire him; and there was no factual basis for that, that he did something when it was a balmy day, and he just went off recklessly because he didn’t want to be bothered or he was tired or he was hungry. That was not the case. That is cruel, Judge Gorsuch. Your conservative ideology and professed ju-dicial philosophy of original intent has harmed many. He is not an unbiased judge. At best, he is a younger, more charming version of Judge Robert Bork, who was re-jected 58–42 by the Senate in 1987. So he has a history of ruling against people who have used the legal system to hold government officials accountable. The gentleman who was fired was fired, I think, 7 years ago, and has not been able to find a job yet. By the way, the truck’s heater didn’t work. His words were—Judge Gorsuch dis-sented and said the employee should have followed orders, even at the risk of serious injury. In NLRB v. Community Health Serv-ices, Judge Gorsuch again dissented from a majority opinion that found in favor of employees, where a hospital was required to award back pay to 13 employees whose hours had been re-duced, in violation of the National Labor Relations Act. As the ranking member on the Sub-committee on Crime, Terrorism, Home-land Security and Investigations, we are trying to find the right kind of bal-ance between police and community. But Judge Gorsuch has ruled that there is no reason to give police any punish-ment, such as the case when an indi-vidual used a stun gun and the victim died. Judge Gorsuch’s judicial record on police accountability minimized the Fourth Amendment protections against warrantless search and seizure. I will continue my discussions of Judge Gorsuch. I will come back again and finish my comments on issues deal-ing with, again, civil rights and the rights of women. I am delighted to cohost and coman-age this hour dealing with the nomina-tion of Judge Gorsuch. Ms. NORTON. I thank my friend for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I was the chair, before I came to Congress, in another life, of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, dealing with job discrimi-nation in our country. I was interested, in my own research on Judge Gorsuch to find that he has written more opin-ions in discrimination cases than other cases. Now, the Rocky Mountain States of the Tenth Circuit do not have large numbers of African Americans, but the way in which the Supreme Court has interpreted antidiscrimination laws doesn’t, in fact, basically differ from one group. The EEOC also has jurisdiction over disability discrimination. For example, the Court has always indicated that anti-discrimination laws should be read broadly in order to capture discrimina-tion. Whether we are talking about the antidiscrimination laws as they affect women or racial or ethnic minorities or religious minorities, the Supreme Court simply will not read these laws narrowly. But that is not how Judge Gorsuch has operated on the Tenth Circuit. He has given a cramped interpretation of the antidiscrimination laws, and yet it is interesting to note that, when there is a claim of discrimination based on religion, he gives a very broad interpre-tation. He is perhaps best known for his opinion in the so-called Hobby Lobby case. This is the case in which he found that a closely held corporation was within its rights when it refused to adopt the Affordable Health Care Act’s mandate that women and men be granted contraceptive protection as a part of health insurance. Judge Gorsuch found that this was a viola-tion of the rights of the closely held corporation, the first time there has been such a holding. It is very interesting also to note that right after that, there was a case called Little Sisters of the Poor. Now, the Little Sisters of the Poor, unlike the closely held corporation, is, in fact, a religious organization, and they too said they do not wish to have contra-ception be a part of any of the institu-tions that they govern. Remember, we had a religious organi-zation there, not a closely held cor-poration. The Court found that, to ac-commodate both women and the reli-gious scruples of the Little Sisters, the Little Sisters had only to acknowledge that they did not desire to enforce the contraceptive mandate, and then it would be taken away from them and would be done by a third party, by the government. That was allowed as a way to accommodate the Little Sis-ters. Judge Gorsuch opposed that and wrote an opposing opinion. So to see this difference in the way he treats discrimination, reading anti-discrimination statutes affecting mi-norities of every kind in a narrow fash-ion; when he finds religious discrimina-tion by statute, he reads those statutes very broadly. His technical rulings are of statutes that the Supreme Court has broadly in-terpreted, would have made these stat-utes worthless. You simply cannot en-force antidiscrimination statutes by treating them as though they were technical statutes that, for example, govern financial dealings. And yet this nominee has brought that kind of in-terpretation of antidiscrimination statutes. I was shocked at his holding in Hwang v. Kansas State University, which illustrates what I am saying. There, a professor brought a case be-cause her university had refused to fol-low the guidance of the Equal Employ-ment Opportunity Commission. She was entitled to a 6-month leave to ac-commodate her condition. This is a statute involving disability rights. She took that 6-month leave and asked to have it extended until a day certain, not indefinitely, to recover further from cancer and a bone marrow trans-plant. Now, the EEOC guidance said that an additional leave beyond 6 months was possible as an accommodation to an employee unless there was an undue hardship. There was no undue hardship. But this nominee, Judge Gorsuch, found that the ‘‘6 months was more than enough to comply with the law in nearly every case’’—yes, in nearly every case—but the EEOC guidance said that there obviously could be ex-tensions. I can think of no case that would call for more of an extension than a professor who said: I will come back on a date certain, but I have a cancer diagnosis, and I have had a bone marrow transplant. I hope that that case would give some pause to anyone who hears about it. The nominee has been quite con-sistent in how he has ruled in the Tenth Circuit, which gives every rea-son to believe that he is going to carry that consistency to the Supreme Court. I was very interested to see how he ruled on a Planned Parenthood case where the Governor of Utah had seen these notorious false videos that pur-ported to show the sale of fetal tissue. b2030 Now, those videos—every court that has considered those videos have found that they had nothing to do with Planned Parenthood and what it actu-ally did. So this matter has been liti-gated in a number of circuits. It was litigated in the 10th Circuit in a case called Planned Parenthood Association of Utah v. Herbert; and the 10th Circuit found, as the other circuits have, that these videos were not, in fact, associ-ated with Planned Parenthood—the false videos that surfaced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.042 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2625 April 3, 2017 
Interestingly, the court, on rehear-ing, which Judge Gorsuch had sought, characterized his dissenting opinion as ‘‘mischaracterization of this litigation and the panel opinion at several turns.’’ Here again, we see Judge Gorsuch going out of his way to rule in a fash-ion that he sees as necessary to sustain his broad views of religious claims. I am trying to give you an overview of Judge Gorsuch’s opinions in a number of different areas, and I am mystified by how he would reach the conclusions he has reached in discrimination cases. Here is one that is very revealing: A.F. ex rel Christine B. v. Espanola Public Schools, where a student was found by Judge Gorsuch not to be able to sue for violation of the Americans with Disabilities Act because she had earlier settled a suit for violations of another act, the so-called IDEA Act. Well, she has a right under both laws. She would have obviously raised per-haps different claims, but his view was that she should not be in court. This closing of the courts must be taken se-riously in evaluating Judge Gorsuch. Because if you can’t get into court in the first place, particularly if you are a member of a minority group, or for the moment find yourself in the minority on a particular issue, then you are out of court before you are in court. You have lost before you cross the thresh-old. I can’t imagine why Judge Gorsuch didn’t allow a student to continue when she had, in frustration, left her school because of violations of her dis-ability rights. That frustration, as far as he was concerned, closed the court-house door to her. Why would we want to interpret dis-crimination laws in a fashion that you can’t get into court to make your case? A particularly cruel case, Compass Environmental v. OSHRC, a case where Gorsuch wrote the dissent, involved a worker who was electrocuted and died as a result. The corporation had trained its workers. This worker hap-pened to be hired after the training had taken place; therefore, was not aware of all of the safeguards. The Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission found that the electrocution of the worker could have been avoided if the corporation, Com-pass Environmental, had provided the necessary training. So it cited Compass and it fined Compass. Gorsuch dis-sented. He found that the company had not violated the law. The company hadn’t provided the requisite training. The man was electrocuted, and it is very instructive what Judge Gorsuch said: 
‘‘Administrative agencies enjoy remark-able powers in our legal order. Their inter-pretations of ambiguous statutes control even when everyone thinks Congress really meant something else.’’ 
He didn’t like the administrative rul-ing, so he dissented and would have ruled against the family of a man who was electrocuted. That is not a man I want on the Su-preme Court. This is not a man who knows how to interpret the discrimina-tion statutes which have always been interpreted broadly by the Federal courts. This is not a man who should sit on the Supreme Court of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gen-tlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  L
EE), my good friend who is co-anchoring this hour with me, who would like to say a few words. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for again ar-ticulating the really egregious opin-ions, judicial approach, and tempera-ment of Judge Gorsuch. I will conclude my remarks with a focus on the issues of women’s rights as well as some cases dealing with im-migration. Immigration, Mr. Speaker, is a cru-cial issue that we are addressing now. In fact, I will cite an incident that hap-pened in our district—or in my district or in my community just a few days ago, which means, as we proceed, there may be a number of cases coming to the Federal courts and the district court because I think, as my colleague has indicated—both of us have indi-cated—that the courts are for peti-tioning. That is what the courts are for. It seems that Judge Gorsuch wants to slam the door. And this is a—how should I say it—a metaphor. It is not a precise comment by the judge, but an-noyed that people have to come and use the courts. As he has indicated, mi-norities and women and others want to use the court for their social agenda. And for fear of being redundant, I feel moved—my passion is so strong be-cause, Judge Gorsuch: Have you walked at any moment in your life in my shoes as a woman and as a minor-ity? Have you walked in the shoes of the little children who made the plaintiffs of Brown v. Board of Education of To-peka? Were you in any way discriminated against with respect to education? Have you ever been a victim of stop and frisk? Have you ever been incarcerated for something you did not do? Have you ever been a woman who had been subjected to sexual harassment or discrimination? Do you understand the purpose of title VII? Do you understand the value of af-firmative action both in policy and in law? Just a few weeks ago we got an effec-tive and important decision on affirma-tive action out of this Supreme Court, in a court that is 4–4. I don’t think that is the case. And I just, again, want to take this as I cite these cases. I just want to, again, cite Amanda Bronstad, that some of his de-cisions may have favored one or two plaintiffs. I am not going to deny that. But Gorsuch’s careful judicial rea-soning and parsing of statutory lan-guage has more than often led him to side with the defense. That is not the role of a Supreme Court Justice. It is not to side with anyone. It is to have the view on the basis of the appeal within the context of precedence and others how a deci-sion should be rendered. So these are Judge Gorsuch’s deci-sions: In Strickland v. UPS, Gorsuch dis-sented from a ruling giving a female UPS driver a chance to prove sex dis-crimination, arguing that the plaintiff had not provided evidence that she was treated less favorably than her male colleagues, even though in the docu-ments submitted in the lower court, her coworkers testified and gave writ-ten testimony detailing the level of mistreatment they witnessed her re-ceiving while employed by UPS. In Hwang v. Kansas State University involved a professor employed by Kan-sas State University who was diag-nosed with cancer, and after treat-ments, requested an extension of her disability—another woman—due to a flu outbreak on campus which could potentially compromise her health. And Judge Gorsuch talked about ‘‘showing up’’ as an essential job func-tion, and that the Rehabilitation Act should not be used as a safety net for employees who cannot work. I think her request was an extension, not a for-ever. Two women, among others, that he found no reason to be supportive of. He could not find no legal precedent, noth-ing that would give him the ability to make a decision that was within the law and humane, even though he was in the dissent. And then in Planned Parenthood As-sociation of Utah v. Herbert, the Gov-ernor of that State, again, he dissented against the court’s majority, impact-ing women’s health, to decline a full court review of the case—the court’s majority decision to decline a full court review of the case, in which Gov-ernor Herbert of Utah stripped Federal funding away from Planned Parent-hood. Neither party requested a full court review; however, Judge Gorsuch decided to deviate from court practices and norms to signal his favor of Gov-ernor Herbert’s decision. Other women—he continues to show hostility toward women’s rights and his willingness to overlook institutions that discriminate against women. His record indicates that. Let me finish with this comment on immigration—and if I might, Mr. Speaker, how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. D
UNN). The gentlewoman has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me finish quickly and let my colleague from the District of Columbia close. Let me indicate an immigration case, and he voted to affirm the district’s court granting of summary judgment which blocked a title VII national ori-gin discrimination case from going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.050 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2626 April 3, 2017 
trial, despite evidence of animus, un-lawful reverification and document abuse by the employer. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committee on the Judiciary, Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and In-vestigations, and member of the Congres-sional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to express my views regarding the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court is the highest court in the land and the final arbiter of our Constitu-tion and laws, and its rulings can impact the lives and rights of all Americans as shown in the cases of Brown v. Board of Education, Roe v. Wade; Miranda v. Arizona; Gideon v. Wainwright; New York Times v. Sullivan; Obergefell v. Hodges; and Shelby County v. Holder, to name but a few. Judge Gorsuch is a judge with an agenda, as demonstrated by his record on the federal bench, as well as his writings, speeches, and activities throughout his career. Judge Gorsuch’s frequent dissents and con-currences show he is out of the mainstream of legal thought and unwilling to accept the con-structs of binding precedent and stare decisis when they dictate results he disfavors. Judge Gorsuch’s appointment to the Court would tip the balance in a direction that would undermine many of the core rights and legal protections Americans cherish. For the reasons I will discuss in detail, the Senate should reject his nomination and not consent to his confirmation as the next Asso-ciate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. On Election Night the President-Elect pledged to the nation that he would be a president to all Americans. That pledge will ring hollow to tens of mil-lions of Americans in light of his nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to be an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Perhaps nothing would do more to reassure the American people that the President is committed to unifying the nation than the nom-ination and appointment of a person to be As-sociate Justice who has a record of cham-pioning and protecting, rather than opposing and undermining, the precious right to vote; the constitutionally guaranteed right of privacy, criminal justice reform, and support for reform of the nation’s immigration system so that it is fair and humane. That is not to be found in the record or character of Judge Gorsuch. It should not be forgotten that the vacancy at issue was created in February 2016 by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia and should have been filled by the confirmation of the eminently qualified Judge Merrick Garland, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. In fact, the only reason Judge Garland is not now on the Court is because Republican Senators disregarded a century of precedent and their constitutional oaths and refused to consider the nomination because it was made by President Obama. Judge Gorsuch’s conservative ideology and professed judicial philosophy of ‘‘original in-tent,’’ which more accurately should be called the doctrine of predetermined result, has been at the core of his prior legal decisions. He is not an unbiased judge; at best, he is a younger, more charming version of Judge Robert Bork, who was rejected 58–42 by the Senate in 1987. Unlike his predecessors, Presidents Obama, Clinton, Reagan, Eisenhower among them, the current President did not consult in advance with the bipartisan leadership of the Senate and its Judiciary Committee. Instead, the President selected Judge Gorsuch from the list of names provided him by the right-wing legal group, the Federalists Society. Judge Gorsuch’s adherence to originalism is alarming and should raise concerns for all Americans because on a narrowly divided Court, his could be the deciding vote to dis-mantle many of the constitutional safeguards and protections upheld by the Court that have moved the country forward and made it better. Judge Gorsuch has a history of ruling against people who have used the legal sys-tem to hold government officials accountable. He has also used the bench to rule in favor of large corporations routinely and against the rights of workers. He has been lenient on those that have used excessive force and police brutality. His record demonstrates hostility towards equal opportunity, worker’s rights, women’s access to reproductive healthcare services, and protections for persons with disabilities. For example, in TransAm Trucking, Inc. v. Administrative Review Board, the majority held that a trucking company unlawfully fired an employee in violation of federal whistleblower protections. The employee, Alphonse Maddin, was a truck driver whose brakes broke down in the middle of a freezing January night in Illinois. The truck heater didn’t work either, and he got so cold that he couldn’t feel his feet or torso, and he had trouble breathing. Nonetheless, his boss ordered him to wait in the truck until a repairperson arrived. After waiting for three hours, Mr. Maddin fi-nally drove off in the truck and left the trailer behind, in search of assistance. His employer fired him a week later for vio-lating company policy by abandoning his load while under dispatch. The panel majority said the firing was un-lawful, but Judge Gorsuch dissented and said the employee should have followed orders even at the risk of serious injury. In NLRB v. Community Health Services, Inc., Judge Gorsuch again dissented from a majority opinion that found in favor of employ-ees, where a hospital was required to award back pay to 13 employees whose hours had been reduced in violation of the National Labor Relations Act. Judge Gorsuch’s frequent and recurring dis-sents in workers’ rights cases suggest a re-fusal to follow binding case law when it leads to results that favor workers rather than busi-nesses and employers. In Strickland v. UPS, Gorsuch dissented from a ruling giving a female UPS driver a chance to prove sex discrimination, arguing that the plaintiff had not provided evidence that she was treated less favorably than her male colleagues even though her coworkers testified and gave written testimony detailing the level of mistreatment they witnessed her receiving while employed by UPS. Hwang v. Kansas State University involved a professor employed by Kansas State Univer-sity who was diagnosed with cancer, and after treatments requested an extension for her dis-ability due to a flu outbreak on the campus, which could potentially compromise her health. Judge Gorsuch ruled that ‘‘showing up’’ for work is an essential job function and that the Rehabilitation Act should not be used as a safety net for employees who cannot work. In Planned Parenthood Association of Utah v. Herbert, Judge Gorsuch dissented against the court’s majority decision to decline a full court review of the case, in which, Governor Herbert of Utah stripped federal funding away from Planned Parenthood. Neither party requested a full court review, however, Judge Gorsuch desired to deviate from court practices and norms to signal his favor for Governor Herbert’s decision. This particular case amplifies Judge Gorsuch’s inability to remain impartial when deciding cases that may conflict with his per-sonal beliefs. Throughout his tenure as a Judge, Gorsuch’s record indicates his hostility toward women’s rights and his willingness to overlook institutions that discriminate against women. Women will likely be disproportionately im-pacted by Judge Gorsuch’s appointment to the United States Supreme Court and any deci-sions related to health, labor, and reproductive justice. Judge Gorsuch’s record shows that he be-lieves police officers always should be granted qualified immunity, allowing police officers and other government officials to avoid being held accountable for the excessive use of force. His record on police immunity aligns with President Trump’s belief in police impunity. In cases where victims of excessive force did not pose an imminent threat to police safe-ty, Judge Gorsuch has a tendency to side with police. Judge Gorsuch’s judicial record on police accountability minimizes the Fourth Amend-ment protections against warrantless search and seizure. In three separate cases, Gorsuch ruled in favor of police searches of vehicles without a warrant. As an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, Judge Gorsuch would be one of the nine individuals tasked with one of the most critical systems of Amer-ican democracy. Because of the decisions rendered by the Supreme Court of the United States, women have been granted reproductive rights, de jure segregation and discrimination against African- Americans has been abolished and their right to vote protected, workers have been granted security from exploitative labor practices; and marriage equality is the law of the land. If confirmed to a evenly divided United States Supreme Court, it is unlikely that Judge Gorsuch would have a balanced, unbiased view of important issues. Judge Gorsuch’s extreme judicial philosophy of original intent would likely lead him to cast decisive, out-of-the mainstream votes that re-verse significant gains in the areas of police accountability, civil rights and liberties, wom-en’s reproductive rights, and workers’ rights. Judge Gorsuch’s record in each of these 
areas should raise concerns for all Americans. Opposing Judge Gorsuch is not a difficult decision; for members of the communities rep-resented by CBC members, it is a matter of survival, of life and death. An Associate Justice would be expected to be an independent jurist capable of rendering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03AP7.043 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2627 April 3, 2017 
judicial decisions that prevent executive over-reach. No senator should vote to confirm the nomi-nation of Judge Neil Gorsuch as Associate Justice if he or she has the slightest doubt that he possesses the character, qualities, in-tegrity, and commitment to justice and equality needed for this position. There is so much to say about Judge Gorsuch, so much to say about the stance that is being taken by col-leagues who are not being political, who are not talking about the 2016 election, who are simply talking about the courthouse door being slammed in the face of the most vulnerable. I believe that this judge should not ascend to the United States Supreme Court. Ms. NORTON. I thank my good friend for helping us document why we be-lieve this is not the time for this Jus-tice to be on the Supreme Court. We recognize that it is not the House of Representatives that decides this matter, but the Congressional Black Caucus represents 17 million Ameri-cans who will be deeply affected by who sits on this Court. I appreciate that we have had this full hour to express our views. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of delayed by weather. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, April 4, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morn-ing-hour debate. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
953. A letter from the Assistant Director for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bu-reau’s Consumer Response Annual Report, pursuant to 12 U.S.C. 5493(b)(3)(C); Public Law 111-203, Sec. 1013(b)(3)(C); (124 Stat. 1969); to the Committee on Financial Services. 954. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations; Taze-well County, IL [Docket No.: FEMA-2016- 0002] received March 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 955. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Final Flood Elevation Determinations; Ot-sego County, New York [Docket No.: FEMA- 2016-0002] received March 28, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 956. A letter from the Chairman, Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, transmitting the Council’s 2016 Annual Re-port to Congress, pursuant to Sec. 1006(f) of the Financial Regulatory and Interest Rate Control Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3305); to the Committee on Financial Services. 957. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Reactor Pressure Vessel Internals [Section 3.9.5] received March 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 958. A letter from the Director, Regula-tions Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Requirements to Submit Prior Notice of Im-ported Food; Technical Amendments [Dock-et No.: FDA-2017-N-0011] received March 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 959. A letter from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communications Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Amendment of Section 73.202(b), Table of Allotments, FM Broadcast Stations (Mullin, Texas) [MB Docket No.: 16-362] (RM- 11776) received March 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 960. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Control Rod Drive Systems [Section 3.9.4] received March 30, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 961. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final evaluation of vendor submittal — Safe-ty Evaluation by the Office of Nuclear Reac-tor Regulation License Renewal Appendix A for ‘‘BWRVIP-241: BWR Vessel and Internals Project, Probabilistic Fracture Mechanics Evaluation for the Boiling Water Reactor Nozzle-to-Vessel Shell Welds and Nozzle Blend RADII’’, and ‘‘BWRVIP-108NP: BWR Vessel and Internals Project, Technical Basis for the Reduction of Inspection Require-ments for the Boiling Water Reactor Nozzle- to-Vessel Shell Welds and Nozzle Blend’’ [Project No. 704] received March 30, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 962. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Dynamic Testing and Anal-ysis of Systems, Structures, and Components [Section 3.9.2] received March 30, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 963. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final NUREG — Functional Design, Quali-fication, and Inservice Testing Programs for Pumps, Valves, and Dynamic Restraints [Section 3.9.6] received March 30, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 964. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List [Docket No.: 170103009- 7300-02] (RIN: 0694-AH28) received March 30, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 965. A letter from the General Counsel, Ad-ministrative Conference of the United States, transmitting the Conference’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 966. A letter from the Director, Equal Em-ployment Opportunity and Inclusion, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Ad-ministration’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 967. A letter from the Director, Equal Em-ployment Opportunity and Inclusion, Farm Credit System Insurance Corporation, trans-mitting the Corporation’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 968. A letter from the Secretary, Federal Trade Commission, transmitting the Com-mission’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107- 174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 969. A letter from the Director, Office of Equal Employment Opportunity Programs, National Archives and Records Administra-tion, transmitting the Administration’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 970. A letter from the Acting Assistant At-torney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the De-partment’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109- 435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 971. A letter from the Acting OEEO Direc-tor, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting the Commission’s FY 2016 No FEAR Act report, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 972. A letter from the Director, Congres-sional Affairs and Public Relations, U.S. Trade and Development Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s FY 2016, No FEAR Act re-port, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 2301 note; Public Law 107-174, 203(a) (as amended by Public Law 109-435, Sec. 604(f)); (120 Stat. 3242); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Omitted from the Record of 3/30/2017] Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. H.R. 732. A bill to limit donations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.026 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2628 April 3, 2017 
made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 115–72). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. [Submitted March 31, 2017] Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judi-ciary. House Resolution 184. Resolution of inquiry requesting the President and direct-ing the Attorney General to transmit, re-spectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to communica-tions with the government of Russia, with an amendment; adversely (Rept. 115–74). Re-ferred to the House Calendar. [Submitted April 3, 2017] Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 240. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1343) to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to re-vise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide cer-tain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans (Rept. 115–75). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 241. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1304) to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Public Health Service Act, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the definition of health insurance cov-erage certain medical stop-loss insurance ob-tained by certain plan sponsors of group health plans (Rept. 115–76). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 242. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 1219) to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying ven-ture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, and providing for proceedings during the pe-riod from April 7, 2017, through April 24, 2017 (Rept. 115–77). Referred to the House Cal-endar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. W
ALDEN , and Mr. H IGGINS of Lou-isiana): H.R. 1848. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot pro-gram on the use of medical scribes in Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical centers; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 1849. A bill to amend the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act to exclude law firms and licensed attorneys who are en-gaged in activities related to legal pro-ceedings from the definition of a debt col-lector, to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to prevent the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection from exer-cising supervisory or enforcement authority with respect to attorneys when undertaking certain actions related to legal proceedings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. H
UIZENGA , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L
EVIN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. C ON-
YERS , and Mr. U PTON ): H.R. 1850. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 907 Fourth Avenue in Lake Odessa, Michi-gan, as the ‘‘Donna Sauers Besko Post Of-fice’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 1851. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to develop and imple-ment a fully automated electronic system for travel authorization for the Guam and Northern Mariana Islands visa waiver pro-gram, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. CORREA (for himself, Mr. O’HALLERAN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. A
GUILAR , Mr. K IHUEN , Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. R OYBAL -ALLARD , Ms. J
UDYCHUof California, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S
CHRADER , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. H UFFMAN , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER ): H.R. 1852. A bill to require the White House and each agency to provide an official website in Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, and Vietnamese, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 1853. A bill to authorize the Attorney General, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health, to carry out a pilot program in correctional fa-cilities in order to provide mental health services and other social services to eligible individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia (for himself and Mr. R
YANof Ohio): H.R. 1854. A bill to require the use of pre-scription drug monitoring programs and to facilitate information sharing among States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Ju-diciary, for a period to be subsequently de-termined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. M
ASSIE ): H.R. 1855. A bill to repeal the authoriza-tions for office space, office expenses, frank-ing and printing privileges, and staff for former Speakers of the House of Representa-tives; to the Committee on House Adminis-tration. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1856. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, with respect to certain tort claims arising out of the criminal mis-conduct of confidential informants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself and Mr. C
UMMINGS ): H.R. 1857. A bill to require Federal law en-forcement agencies to report to Congress se-rious crimes, authorized as well as unauthor-ized, committed by their confidential in-formants; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mr. MARINO (for himself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. E VANS , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. C
OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Mr. D
ENT, Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania): H.R. 1858. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 1859. A bill to amend the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 to designate a portion of United States Route 15 in Pennsylvania as part of the Interstate System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 1860. A bill to ensure fairness in the recoupment of certain Federal disaster as-sistance, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. By Mr. RENACCI (for himself, Mr. P
AS-
CRELL , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A
LLEN , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. K IND, Mr. M AC- A
RTHUR , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. F RELING -
HUYSEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R
OTHFUS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. K INZINGER , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. K
NIGHT , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mrs. B
LACK , Mr. S IRES, Mr. V
ALADAO , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor-ida, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L
EVIN, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
LEAVER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. N OR-
CROSS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. M
ENG, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN  G
RISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. K EN-
NEDY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B
YRNE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. T URNER , Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. M
CCAUL, Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah, Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. L ARSON of Con-necticut, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. V
ARGAS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. G ENE G
REEN of Texas, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D ANNY  K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. S
TEWART , Mr. R OHR-
ABACHER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illi-nois, Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. L ONG, Mr. O
LSON , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. J
ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H
UDSON , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. I SSA, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. C
RAWFORD , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. W
ALKER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C
OOK, Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. B RAT): H.R. 1861. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achieve-ments and contributions to American major league athletics, civil rights, and the Armed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:47 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.004 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2629 April 3, 2017 
Forces during World War II; to the Com-mittee on Financial Services. By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 1862. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to expand the scope of certain definitions pertaining to unlawful sexual conduct, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN (for herself and Mr. E
NGEL ): H.R. 1863. A bill to designate the area be-tween the intersections of Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Davis Street, Northwest and Wisconsin Avenue, Northwest and Edmunds Street, Northwest in Washington, District of Columbia, as ‘‘Boris Nemtsov Plaza’’, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform. By Mr. RYAN of Ohio (for himself and Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER ): H.R. 1864. A bill to amend the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to allow local educational agencies to use Fed-eral funds for programs and activities that address chronic absenteeism; to the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. R
OYCE of California, Mrs. R
OBY, Mr. K INZINGER , and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 1865. A bill to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of such Act does not prohibit the enforcement against providers and users of interactive computer services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sexual ex-ploitation of children or sex trafficking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 1866. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to disallow certain bio-diesel and alternative fuel tax credits for fuels derived from animal fats; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 1867. A bill to amend the Alaska Na-tive Claims Settlement Act to provide for equitable allotment of land to Alaska Native veterans; to the Committee on Natural Re-sources. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for him-self and Mr. R
OYCE of California): H.J. Res. 93. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to protect the rights of crime victims; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ENGEL (for himself, Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey, Ms. B
ASS, and Mr. E
LLISON ): H. Res. 239. A resolution supporting ongo-ing efforts by the United States Government, in concert with the United Nations and the donor community, to respond to drought and food insecurity in the Horn of Africa; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. BEATTY (for herself and Mr. S
TIVERS ): H. Res. 243. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of ‘‘Financial Literacy Month’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. GAETZ (for himself, Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. T
ENNEY , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H. Res. 244. A resolution expressing support for Japan to end its whaling in all forms and to strengthen measures to conserve whale populations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARRETT (for himself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. B RAT, and Mr. T
AYLOR ): H. Res. 245. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 23 as ‘‘Barbara Johns Day’’ to highlight the important role Ms. Barbara Rose Johns (Powell) played in the Civil Rights Movement, in Brown v. Board of Education and the desegregation of schools, and her role in the history of the United States and the lives of United States citi-zens; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
16. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of South Da-kota, relative to House Concurrent Resolu-tion No. 1014, expressing the strongest sup-port for, and unity with, the State of Israel and recognizing Jerusalem, as Israel’s undi-vided capital; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 17. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of Nevada, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 2, ratifying the proposed amendment to the Constitution of the United States providing that equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any state on account of sex; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 18. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 2, requesting the Con-gress of the United States call a convention of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 19. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 2, requesting the Con-gress to enact legislation requiring revenues received by the federal government from wind and solar energy developments on lands of the United States be shared equally with the state in which those developments are located; jointly to the Committees on Nat-ural Resources and Agriculture. 20. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Wyoming, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 8, urging Congress to ensure that the federal government upholds the federal trust responsibility to provide for the health care needs of American Indians by continuing access to adequate Medicaid re-sources with one hundred percent (100%) fed-eral coverage; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources and Energy and Com-merce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 1848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TROTT: H.R. 1849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 1850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 states: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To establish Post Offices and post Roads.’’ By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 1851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted Congress under Article IV, Section 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CORREA: H.R. 1852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: (1) The U.S. Constitution including Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CROWLEY: H.R. 1853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia: H.R. 1854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JONES: H.R. 1855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 5, and Article I, Section 8 By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 1857. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 1858. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 ‘‘The Con-gress shall have Power to . . . establish Post Offices and Post Roads.’’ By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 1859. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 1860. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Necessary and proper clause, Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution By Mr. RENACCI: H.R. 1861. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers By Mrs. ROBY: H.R. 1862. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN: H.R. 1863. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. RYAN of Ohio: H.R. 1864. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:32 Sep 21, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\APRIL\H03AP7.REC H03AP7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH2630 April 3, 2017 
Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 1865. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Amendment XIII of the Constitution, which states that ‘‘Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a pun-ishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. Section 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appro-priate legislation.’’ Amendment XIV of the Constitution, which states that ‘‘nor shall any State de-prive any person of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal pro-tection of the laws.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Con-stitution, which states ‘‘To regulate com-merce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 1866. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aticle I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shalls have Power to lay and collect Taxas, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common defence and general Welfare of the United State; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uni-form throughout the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.R. 1867. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H.J. Res. 93. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article V: ‘‘The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it nec-essary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution’’ f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. F ASO. H.R. 24: Mr. P
OLIS. H.R. 31: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 36: Mr. A
RRINGTON and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. H.R. 37: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 44: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 60: Mr. M
ARSHALL and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 91: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 111: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. H.R. 147: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 198: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 253: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 299: Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. W
ALDEN , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 351: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. M AR-
SHALL . H.R. 352: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 365: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 367: Mr. P
ALAZZO , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 390: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 392: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. W
ILLIAMS , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C OOK, Mr. RUTHERFORD , Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 421: Ms. H
ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 429: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 457: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. B ORDALLO , and Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 465: Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 474: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 477: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 530: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 553: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 635: Mr. C
ICILLINE . H.R. 656: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 664: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 669: Ms. J
UDYCHUof California. H.R. 671: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 672: Mr. S
UOZZI . H.R. 676: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. C ASTOR of Flor- ida, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 721: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 746: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 747: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 800: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 807: Mr. R
USH. H.R. 813: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 820: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 828: Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 846: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. B
ERGMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , and Mr. G AR-
RETT . H.R. 849: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. L ONG, Mr. H ILL, Ms. T
ENNEY , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 880: Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. G UTH-
RIE, and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 898: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 904: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 919: Mr. N
EAL. H.R. 930: Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. E LLI-
SON, Mr. M ASSIE , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. M
EEKS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Mr. P ITTENGER , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. S OTO, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. C
ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. D
EGETTE , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. C LAY, Mr. P AS-
CRELL , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. D
IAZ-BALART , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. R USH, Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. S
TEWART , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. N OEM, Ms. M
ENG, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S EN-
SENBRENNER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 941: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 959: Mr. E
NGEL and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 977: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 986: Mr. I
SSA, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1022: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , and Mrs. D AVIS of California. H.R. 1038: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 1054: Mr. B
LUMENAUER and Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1057: Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1072: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1099: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1115: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1116: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, Mr. K
INGof New York, Mr. A RRINGTON , and Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 1120: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 1136: Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. J ONES , Mr. G RIF-
FITH, Mr. B LUM, and Mr. C UELLAR . H.R. 1143: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1144: Ms. J
AYAPAL , H.R. 1148: Mrs. D
AVIS of California and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1155: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 1175: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. S MUCKER . H.R. 1192: Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1206: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1222: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1223: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. H.R. 1243: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 1251: Mr. T
AKANO . H.R. 1279: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. P ETERS . H.R. 1284: Ms. P
INGREE and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 1299: Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 1303: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1318: Mr. H
IMES. H.R. 1326: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1334: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 1337: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 1361: Mr. H
ARPER . H.R. 1380: Ms. P
INGREE . H.R. 1384: Mr. B
ACON , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ERGMAN , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mr. H AR-
PER, and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 1399: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee. H.R. 1406: Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 1409: Mr. Y
ARMUTH . H.R. 1426: Mr. C
OURTNEY and Mr. T IPTON . H.R. 1438: Mr. P
ETERS and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 1442: Ms. N
ORTON and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1445: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 1454: Mr. P
ALMER and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1457: Mrs. R
OBY. H.R. 1473: Ms. P
INGREE and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1491: Mrs. T
ORRES , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 1494: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. P ETERS , and Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 1496: Mr. R
UIZand Mr. A GUILAR . H.R. 1552: Mr. H
UNTER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. S
MITH of Missouri, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. S MUCKER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. R
OUZER , and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 1563: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1569: Mr. R
YANof Ohio. H.R. 1584: Mrs. L
OWEY . H.R. 1589: Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. S
PEIER . H.R. 1612: Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 1626: Mr. A
LLEN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. A
RRINGTON . H.R. 1627: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. V ELA, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
UIZENGA , and Mr. C OFFMAN . H.R. 1639: Mr. R
USHand Mr. H ECK. H.R. 1644: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and Mr. G
UTHRIE . H.R. 1661: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 1672: Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1676: Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. B
ARR, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Ms. M
ATSUI , and Mr. P ETER -
SON. H.R. 1694: Mr. H
UDSON and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 1697: Mrs. L
OVE, Mr. T HOMAS J. R OO-
NEYof Florida, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R
OSS, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, Mr. N
UNES , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. W AGNER , 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:20 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.018 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H2631 April 3, 2017 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P ERRY , Ms. C AS-
TORof Florida, Mr. H ILL, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1698: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York, Mr. R OEof Ten- nessee, Mr. P
ALLONE , Mrs. W AGNER , Ms. R OY-
BAL-ALLARD , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mr. S
MUCKER , Mr. M AST, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mex-ico, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. K
ATKO , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 1701: Mrs. L
OVEand Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1711: Mr. M
CNERNEY , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina, and Mr. B ENRAY L
UJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1716: Ms. A
DAMS . H.R. 1718: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 1721: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. J ONES . H.R. 1737: Mr. P
OEof Texas. H.R. 1748: Mr. E
SPAILLAT and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 1784: Mr. M
OULTON . H.R. 1794: Mr. BERA, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. G ON-
ZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S CHNEIDER , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1810: Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 1828: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 1832: Mr. S
UOZZI , Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , and Mr. E NGEL . H.R. 1847: Mr. W
ITTMAN , Mr. R EED, Mr. K
ATKO , Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. D OG-
GETT , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.J. Res. 33: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.J. Res. 51: Mr. B
OSTand Mr. H ARRIS . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. P
OCAN and Mr. R YANof Ohio. H. Res. 15: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Mr. F
ITZPATRICK , Mr. Y ODER , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, and Mr. C LEAVER . H. Res. 30: Mr. E
NGEL and Mr. K IHUEN . H. Res. 43: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H. Res. 92: Mrs. M
IMIWALTERS of Cali- fornia. H. Res. 129: Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Mr. T IP-
TON, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. W AG-NER, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M
EEHAN , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. T
HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H. Res. 140: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H. Res. 142: Mr. C
OSTA . H. Res. 145: Mr. S
UOZZI . H. Res. 188: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. P
ETERS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. G ARRETT . H. Res. 214: Mr. H
ECK. H. Res. 219: Mr. C
OMER . H. Res. 220: Mrs. L
OWEY , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mrs. L
AWRENCE . H. Res. 222: Mr. C
OLE. H. Res. 232: Mr. M
ESSER and Mrs. W
ALORSKI . H. Res. 235: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L AN-
GEVIN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. K EATING , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. V ELA, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Miss R
ICEof New York, Mr. C ORREA , Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:42 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP7.014 H03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2159 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 3, 2017 No. 57 
Senate 
The Senate met at 3:01 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
ODD Y
OUNG , a Senator from the State of In-diana. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Beautiful Savior, You have been our dwelling place in all generations, and we are sustained by Your steadfast love. Today, surround our Senators with the shield of Your favor as they labor to keep our Nation strong. Lord, this week our lawmakers must make critical decisions that may affect this legislative body for years to come. Teach them to be obedient to Your commands, doing Your will, and fol-lowing Your leading. May they be quick to listen, slow to speak, and slow to anger. Lord, manifest Your power through their labors so that this Nation will re-main a shining city on a hill. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The bill clerk read the following let-ter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, April 3, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable TODD YOUNG , a Sen- ator from the State of Indiana, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. YOUNG thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
OLD VESSELS EXEMPTION ACT The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will proceed to the consider-ation of S. 89, which the clerk will re-port. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 89) to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual struc-tural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fire-retardant materials and for other pur-poses. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally di-vided in the usual form. If no one yields time, the time will be charged equally. The Senator from West Virginia. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mrs. CAPITO. Mr. President, I come to the floor today to express my strong support for the confirmation of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be the next Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Few individuals over the last century have impacted the American legal discourse as profoundly as the late Justice Antonin Scalia. In the wake of his untimely passing last February, Justice Scalia left be-hind a legacy of faithfully applying the law and upholding the principles of our Constitution. Judge Neil Gorsuch is a worthy successor to Judge Antonin Scalia. Judge Gorsuch understands the pro-tections granted in the Constitution, including the separation of powers, fed-eralism, and the Bill of Rights. He knows that the Constitution provides Americans with an indispensable safe-guard against government overreach. His past opinions demonstrate that he will honor constitutional protec-tions afforded through due process, the right to bear arms, equal protection under the law, and religious freedom. Legal experts from across the polit-ical spectrum are very much in agree-ment with the Gorsuch nomination. The American Bar Association’s Stand-ing Committee on the Federal Judici-ary unanimously gave Judge Gorsuch the highest possible rating of ‘‘well qualified’’ for the Supreme Court. I couldn’t agree more. One of Judge Gorsuch’s associates, the chief judge of the Tenth Circuit who served with Judge Gorsuch, has said about him: Judge Gorsuch brings to the bench a pow-erful intellect combined with a probing and analytical approach to every issue. He brings to each case a strong commitment to limit his analysis to that case—its facts, the record, and the law cited and applicable. He does not use his judicial role as a vehicle for anything other than deciding the case before him. 
President Obama’s former Solicitor General Neal Katyal penned an op-ed in the New York Times supporting Judge Gorsuch and wrote: 
I have no doubt that if confirmed, Judge Gorsuch would help restore confidence in the rule of law. His years on the bench reveal a commit-ment to judicial independence—a record that should give the American people confidence 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP6.000 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2160 April 3, 2017 
that he will not compromise principle to favor the president who appointed him. 
Those are the words of the Solicitor General who argued on behalf of Presi-dent Obama’s administration in front of the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch has been through the confirmation process before—as we have heard many times on this floor— when Senators, some of them in this body today, approved his nomination to the Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit without opposition. I was privileged to meet with Judge Gorsuch several weeks ago, and it was clear to me through our conversation, a thorough examination of his record, and watching last week’s hearing in the Judiciary Committee that Judge Gorsuch will decide cases fairly, based on our Constitution and laws. Isn’t that the way it should be? This is what West Virginians expect from a Su-preme Court Justice. Newspapers in my State have recog-nized this nominee’s strong qualifica-tions of independence and respect for the rule of law. The Charleston Daily Mail editorialized: 
Gorsuch has strong legal credentials and deserves to be confirmed. He is the kind of pick that any president should make, Democrat or Republican, be-cause of his proven qualities necessary for any justice: a strong understanding and re-spect for the nation’s founding document, the U.S. Constitution. 
The Wheeling Intelligencer and News Register wrote: 
During hearings last week, Gorsuch’s suit-ability for a high court post was made abun-dantly clear. He is precisely the type of judge—faithful to the Constitution not ideology on specific issues—the nation needs. 
And the Martinsburg Journal said: 
Gorsuch seems to believe in using the plain language of the Constitution to decide cases, regardless of his own preferences. That—someone who believes only the peo-ple not the courts can change the Constitu-tion—is precisely the type of Supreme Court justice we Americans need. 
The American people benefited from an open and transparent Supreme Court process that led to Judge Gorsuch being nominated. During the 2016 Presidential election, both candidates were transparent about the type of Supreme Court Jus-tice they would appoint if elected. President Trump released a list of 21 names, a list that included Judge Gorsuch, and promised voters that he would fill this Supreme Court vacancy with someone from that list. Voters paid attention. According to an NBC News exit poll, 70 percent of voters said the selection of a Supreme Court Justice was either the most important factor in their vote for President or an important factor. Let me state that again—70 percent. The American people weighed in, and President Trump acted wisely in se-lecting Judge Gorsuch. He is a main-stream judge who is well qualified for the U.S. Supreme Court. Unfortunately, the Democratic lead-er has indicated that his party intends to engage in an unprecedented partisan filibuster of this nomination. A fili-buster of a nominee of this caliber would be a tremendous mistake, I be-lieve, that would harm the Senate as an institution. There has never been a Supreme Court nomination that has been defeated by a partisan filibuster of the type that the Senate Democrats are telegraphing. It is one thing to vote against a nominee on whatever grounds a Senator may wish, but it is quite an-other to filibuster in an effort to block a nomination that has been submitted by a duly elected President who has the support of the majority of the Sen-ate. Senators have always enjoyed the ability to filibuster nominations. That ability has remained available because Senators have shown restraint in ap-plying the power that comes along with requiring unlimited debate. The clear tradition of the Senate—and this is a body of tradition, I have learned— over the course of its 230 years of his-tory is a confirmation by a majority vote. That tradition has been dem-onstrated in recent Supreme Court nominations. President Obama nominated both Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan to the Supreme Court. Neither Justice Sotomayor nor Justice Kagan faced a filibuster in the Senate. President George W. Bush nominated John Roberts as Chief Justice. There was no filibuster attempt against that nomination. President Bill Clinton nominated Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer to the Supreme Court. Neither faced a filibuster. President George H.W. Bush nomi-nated David Souter and Clarence Thomas to the Supreme Court. Neither Justice faced a filibuster even though 48 Senators voted against the Thomas nomination. One recent Supreme Court nomina-tion did require a cloture vote when a group of Democrat Senators attempted to block a vote on the nomination of Justice Alito’s nomination, but a large majority of Senators—72, in fact—in-voked cloture, which preserved the bi-partisan practice of rejecting filibus-ters against Supreme Court nominees. Among those who rejected the Alito fil-ibuster in 2006 were the two Demo-cratic Senators from my State—Sen-ator Robert C. Byrd and Senator Jay Rockefeller. There were 72 Senators who voted to invoke cloture on Justice Alito’s nomination, but only 58 ended up voting for the final confirmation. The Senate has a very clear history of rejecting the use of the filibuster on Supreme Court nominations, but there is no justification for a filibuster on the Gorsuch nomination. Neil Gorsuch is a mainstream judge with the highest possible rating from the American Bar Association. He was confirmed by the Senate, without objection, in the year 2006. His service on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals has earned him the respect of his judicial colleagues, and he has demonstrated the independence and respect for the law that the Amer-ican people expect from a Supreme Court Justice. I hope that at least eight of my Democratic colleagues will join us regardless of how they, ulti-mately, will vote on Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation. I hope they will recog-nize the need to invoke cloture on this nomination. The Senate will confirm Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. For the good of the Nation and for the good of the Senate, there should be no fili-buster of this well-qualified nominee. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The Democratic leader is recognized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me thank my friend and colleague from Nebraska for her indulgence. 
EXPLOSION IN SAINT PETERSBURG , RUSSIA  
Before I begin, Mr. President, I want to express our concern here in the United States for our friends in Saint Petersburg, Russia, in the wake of an explosion on their subway system this morning. Russia has been in the news a lot recently, typically in adversarial terms. Today is a time to remember that, whatever our differences, we wish no ill to the people of any nation. Our thoughts and prayers are with the fam-ilies of the Russians who were killed this morning. We wish a swift recovery to the injured and hope the perpetra-tors are soon brought to justice. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. President, I rise this afternoon on the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court, which was just advanced by the Judiciary Committee. This afternoon, it has become clear that Judge Gorsuch does not have the 60 votes that are necessary to end de-bate on his nomination. So now the focus is shifting away from the issue of whether Judge Gorsuch will get 60 votes on the cloture motion and toward the fundamental question before us: Will the majority leader break the rules of the Senate in order to get Judge Gorsuch on the bench? My friend, the majority leader, has said several times that Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed by the end of this week one way or another. What he really means when he says that is, if Judge Gorsuch does not earn 60 votes in the Senate, which is now the likely outcome, the Republicans must—un-derline ‘‘must’’—exercise the nuclear option to pass Judge Gorsuch on a sim-ple majority vote. I think the majority leader reasons that if he says it enough times, folks 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.002 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2161 April 3, 2017 
will start believing it—that he has no choice—but they should not. It is a premise no one should swallow. The majority leader is setting up a false choice of supporting Judge Gorsuch or he will have no choice but to break the rules. Maybe, to the majority leader, the nuclear option is the only option, but there are many alternatives. The majority leader makes up his mind independent of what Democrats do on issue after issue, but on this one, he says he has no choice. Maybe he has no choice because the rightwing of the Re-publican Party—organizations like the Heritage Foundation—will go after him if he does not, but he certainly has a choice to do the right and courageous thing. Instead, Republicans are playing the game of ‘‘they started it.’’ They say Democrats started this process by changing the rules for lower court nominees in 2013. They fail to mention the history that led to that change. The reason that Majority Leader Reid changed the rules was that Republicans had ramped up the use of the filibuster to historic proportions. They filibustered 79 nominees in the first 4 years of President Obama’s Pres-idency. To put that in perspective, prior to President Obama, there were 68 filibusters on nominations under all other Presidents—from George Wash-ington to George Bush. Under Presi-dent Obama, exclusively, in the first 4 years of his administration, Repub-licans filibustered 79 nominees. They deliberately kept open the DC Court of Appeals because it has such influence over decisions that are made by the government. We all know the hard-right Fed-eralist Society and the hard-right Her-itage Foundation want to limit what government can do. The deal we made in 2005—a group of Senators, the so- called Gang of 14—allowed several of the most conservative jurists in the land to become judges and be con-firmed to that circuit court. Yet, when President Obama came in, our Repub-lican colleagues insisted on holding three seats of that court open. They, literally, said that they would not allow the seats to be filled at all by President Obama. Sound familiar? Merrick Garland knows it is. At the time, I pleaded several times with Senator A
LEXANDER , my dear friend from Tennessee, to let us vote on some of the judges for the DC Circuit. I asked him to go to Senator M
CCON-
NELL and say that the pressure on our side to change the rules after all of these filibusters was going to be large. Let’s avoid it, I said. But Senator M
CCONNELL said no. Republicans had refused all of our overtures to break the deadlock that they had imposed. So if the majority leader wants to conduct this partisan ‘‘they started it’’ exercise, I am sure we could trace it all the way back to the Burr-Hamilton duel. The fact is that the Republicans blocked Merrick Garland by using the most unprecedented maneuvers. Now we are likely to block Judge Gorsuch, and that means neither party has got-ten its party’s choice in the last 2 years. We can go back and forth and blame each other, but in the recent history of the vacancy caused by Justice Scalia’s death, we have both lost. We lost Merrick Garland because of the major-ity leader’s unprecedented blockade, and Republicans will lose on Judge Gorsuch because we are doing some-thing we think is reasonable in asking that he be able to earn 60 votes as so many others have. We think the two are not equivalent, but in either case, we have both lost. We are back to square one, and Re-publicans have total freedom of choice in this situation. No one is forcing them to break the rules. They don’t have to treat the nuclear option as if it were their first and only option. It is a false choice. To my friends on the other side, the answer isn’t to change the rules; the answer is to change the nominee. Presidents of both parties have done so in the past when Supreme Court picks failed to merit confirmation. Again, the answer isn’t to change the rules; the answer is to change the nominee. The majority leader should have the vision and courage to see past this im-passe, and I believe he should seriously consider a different option. The Presi-dent, Senate Republicans, and Demo-crats should sit down together to come up with a mainstream nominee who can earn bipartisan support. We are willing to meet with them anywhere, anytime to discuss a consensus nomi-nee. Now, I know my colleagues on the other side will say Judge Gorsuch was a mainstream nominee and Democrats would never support any judge nomi-nated by President Trump. We dis-agree. We probably can’t support any nominee whose sole vetting is by the Heritage Foundation and the Fed-eralist Society. They were the sole gatekeepers for the Scalia vacancy, and each is well known to be a right-wing, wealthy special interest group dedicated to moving the bench way to the right. Their selection of Judge Gorsuch shows it. Both the New York Times and the Washington Post did analyses done by experts that showed that Judge Gorsuch would be a very, very conservative—many would say rightwing—Justice on the bench. The New York Times said he would be the second most conservative Justice on the bench—second only to Justice Thomas—and more conservative than the late Justice Scalia. The Wash-ington Post actually said he would be the most conservative Justice on the bench, based on his record—even more conservative than the very, very con-servative Justice Thomas. In fact, we Democrats have never let special interest groups be the gate-keeper. We have never said to any spe-cial interest group, as President Trump did: Give us a list, and we will choose from that list. That is what Repub-licans did. We have never done it. In the past, Presidents have done just what we are suggesting for selecting Supreme Court Justices. President Bill Clinton sought and took the advice of Republican Judiciary Committee Chairman ORRIN HATCH in nominating Justices Ginsburg and Breyer instead of Bruce Babbitt. President Obama took the advice of Republican Senators when he picked Merrick Garland—a consensus, mainstream nominee. President Trump, on the other hand, ignored the Senate and only sought the advice and consent of rightwing special interest groups when making Supreme Court picks. He was running. He had to shore up his support on the hard right. So he said: I am outsourcing the entire selection process to two groups—which, again, are not consensus groups. They would admit that themselves—the Her-itage Foundation and the Federalist Society. Lo and behold, the process didn’t produce a nominee who could earn 60 votes. By contrast, Justice Ginsburg earned 93 votes and Justice Breyer earned 87. So we are offering President Trump and our friends on the other side a way forward. They don’t have to break the rules to get a Justice on the bench. They don’t have to break the Senate confirmation process, fundamentally weakening the constitutional principle of advice and consent, to get a Justice on the bench. President Trump could simply consult with Members of both parties to try and come up with a con-sensus nominee who could get approved and meet a 60-vote threshold. The answer, again, isn’t to change the rules. It is to change the nominee. We Democrats are not going to op-pose every Republican nominee. Of course, we realize a nominee selected this way would not completely agree with our views, but Judge Gorsuch is so far out of the mainstream that he isn’t able to earn votes to pass the Senate. Even Justices Roberts and Alito—two very conservative judges—earned a bunch of Democratic votes, and each got more than 60—one, in his nomina-tion, and the other, 72 votes in the clo-ture process. So the Republicans are free actors. They can choose to go nuclear or they can sit down with Democrats and find a way forward that preserves the grand traditions of this body. The majority leader himself has said the one thing the two leaders have al-ways agreed upon is to protect the in-tegrity of this institution. He contin-ued, and this is a direct quote: ‘‘I think we can stipulate . . . that in the Sen-ate, it takes 60 votes on controversial matters.’’ M
ITCH MCCONNELL : In the Senate, it takes 60 votes on controversial mat-ters. He has long stood for that propo-sition for the many years I have been here. A Supreme Court seat, I believe, meets the majority leader’s standard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.004 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2162 April 3, 2017 
for 60 votes. I hope that instead of crip-pling the Senate in a partisan way—re-moving that 60-vote threshold for con-troversial matters like the Supreme Court—my Republican friends consider the option of working together to find a solution we can both accept. It may seem like a novel concept around here, but that option is always on the table. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Nebraska. 
WORKPLACE ADVANCEMENT ACT  
Mrs. FISCHER. Mr. President, I rise this afternoon to discuss a true Amer-ican value: equal pay for equal work. This is something that we all believe in, and tomorrow is National Equal Pay Day. It is a meaningful reminder that equal pay remains among the challenges before us. Women make the world work. We are breadwinners for our families. We are also financial planners, nurses, and teachers. We have always been a power-ful force, and our progress has been hard-earned. Women today are managers, entre-preneurs, public servants, and CEOs, and our country is stronger for it. But despite these great strides, there is more work to do to encourage pros-perity for America’s families. For nearly 4 years in this body, I have led discussions about equal pay. I am encouraged by the interest from the White House on addressing the workplace challenges that women face today. To that end, I have reintroduced a proposal I believe will make a real difference for families. It is called the Workplace Advancement Act. The idea behind it is fairly universal and straightforward: equal pay through empowerment. The bill aims to em-power employees—especially women— with information about wages so they can be informed advocates for their compensation. When it comes to dis-cussing wages in the workplace, some-times it can hurt to ask. A culture of silence and fear of retaliation can keep people in the dark about how their compensation compares to others. The Workplace Advancement Act would lift that fear, free up information, and cre-ate a more transparent workplace. A simple principle is at play here. When workers, especially women, have more information, they can more con-fidently pursue favorable work and wage arrangements. Knowledge is power. With this flexibility, women can better negotiate arrangements that make sense for them. For example, they might be willing to accept less pay if they can have Fridays free for doctors’ appointments or family time or simply as a day for self-care. The Workplace Advancement Act contains language similar to an Execu-tive order that President Obama issued in 2014. Many congressional Democrats requested this action, which is actually more limited in scope than my legisla-tion. Some even praised it. Senator H
EINRICH called the action ‘‘a critical step to ensure that every woman has a fair shot at fairness and economic suc-cess.’’ Congresswoman SUSAN DAVIS of California said the action was a ‘‘his-toric step forward.’’ Importantly, for employers, the Workplace Advancement Act would not impose new Federal regulations, and no employer would be compelled to dis-close salary information. It simply pre-vents retaliatory action against em-ployees who ask after it. Fifty-three Republicans and five Democrats in the Senate supported a version of the Workplace Advancement Act last Congress. With bipartisan sup-port like this, this bill is possible. Let’s take advantage of this rare mo-ment when we have common ground on a commonsense and straightforward so-lution. Let’s come together so we can look families in the eye and say: We heard you. We have heard you on this issue, and we are going to take action on it. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER  
The majority leader is recognized. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, this week is an important one for the Amer-ican people, for the Supreme Court, and for the Senate. The Judiciary Com-mittee just reported out Judge Neil Gorsuch’s nomination—the next step in considering the Supreme Court nomi-nee before the full Senate. It was un-fortunate to see our Democratic col-leagues on the committee break with recent precedent and not support this clearly well-qualified and widely re-spected Supreme Court nominee. I would remind colleagues that in ad-dition to simply agreeing to an up-or- down vote on their nominations on the Senate floor, Republicans offered each of the last four first-term Supreme Court nominees of Democratic Presi-dents Clinton and Obama at least some bipartisan support in the committee votes. Judge Gorsuch is no less quali-fied than those four nominees of Presi-dents Clinton and Obama, and it is dis-appointing he didn’t get the same bi-partisan support in the committee today. It now seems apparent that this well- qualified and widely respected judge will be subject to the first successful partisan filibuster in the history of the Senate—the first successful partisan filibuster in the history of the Senate. This is a new low but not entirely sur-prising given that the Democratic lead-er announced before the nomination was even made that it was hard for him to imagine a nominee this President would nominate whom he could sup-port. He even went so far as to say that he would be willing to fight the nomi-nation ‘‘tooth and nail’’ and might even ‘‘keep the seat open’’ in per-petuity. It is not too late for our Democratic colleagues to make the right choice. This week, the Senate will continue to debate Judge Gorsuch’s nomination here on the floor. This is a matter of great importance, which is why we are planning to dedicate this week’s floor time almost entirely to continued ro-bust debate of this nomination rather than double-tracking it with legisla-tive items, as has been done in the past. Already, several Members from both sides of the aisle have come to the floor day after day to offer their view-points on Judge Gorsuch. I would en-courage Members to take advantage of this time to continue discussing his ex-cellent credentials, judicial back-ground, and broad support from across the political spectrum in our country. Let me remind colleagues the many ways in which Judge Gorsuch has shown himself to be an outstanding nominee to serve on the High Court. Judge Gorsuch was unanimously con-firmed to his current position as a Fed-eral judge. Not a single Democrat op-posed him then, including Senators Obama, Clinton, Biden, LEAHY , and S
CHUMER . He has participated in more than 2,700 cases since then. He has been in the majority 99 percent of the time. He has enjoyed the unanimous support of his fellow judges 97 percent of the time. The American Bar Association—a group the Democratic leader called the ‘‘gold standard’’ for evaluating judicial nominations—awarded him its highest possible rating, unanimously ‘‘well qualified.’’ He has amassed a wide array of sup-porters, including Democrats and Re-publicans, current and former col-leagues, the legal community, and edi-torial boards all across our country. They say Gorsuch is eminently well- qualified. As Judge John Kane, a Car-ter appointee, put it, ‘‘I’m not sure we could expect better [than Judge Gorsuch], or that better presently ex-ists.’’ They say that Gorsuch is inde-pendent. Neal Katyal, President Obama’s former Acting Solicitor Gen-eral, said he has ‘‘no doubt that if con-firmed, Judge Gorsuch would help to restore confidence in the rule of law’’ because Gorsuch’s ‘‘years on the bench reveal a commitment’’—a commit-ment—‘‘to judicial independence.’’ They say Gorsuch is fair and impar-tial. The Denver Post editorial board noted that ‘‘Gorsuch is a brilliant legal mind and talented writer whom observ-ers praise for his ability to apply the law fairly and consistently.’’ They went on: ‘‘[W]e appreciate his desire to strictly interpret the Constitution,’’ the paper continued, ‘‘based on the in-tent of our nation’s founders, even when those rulings might contradict his personal beliefs.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.005 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2163 April 3, 2017 
They say Gorsuch is highly revered by Democrats and Republicans. As USA TODAY noted in its editorial en-dorsing Gorsuch’s confirmation just today, ‘‘He has gotten an array of glow-ing references, including from some Democrats and liberals.’’ I mentioned some this morning; there are many more. Here is just one additional example of how praise for Judge Gorsuch has bridged the political divide: Despite their ideological differences, former Colorado Governor Bill Ritter, a Demo-crat, and former Colorado attorney general John Suthers, a Republican, agree that Judge Gorsuch should be confirmed. They said: 
Gorsuch’s temperament, personal decency and qualifications are beyond dispute. It is time to use this confirmation process to examine and exalt the characteristics of a judge who demonstrates that he or she is scholarly, compassionate, committed to the law, and will function as part of a truly inde-pendent, apolitical judiciary. Judge Gorsuch fits that bill. 
It reminds us of what David Fred-erick, a board member of the left-lean-ing American Constitution Society and longtime Democrat, recently said: ‘‘The Senate should confirm [Gorsuch] because there is no principled reason to vote no.’’ ‘‘There is no principled reason to vote no.’’ He is absolutely right. So it goes without saying that there is no principled reason to block an up-or- down vote on this supremely qualified nominee, either. I look forward to joining my Senate colleagues in supporting Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court later this week. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
AMENDING THE VETERANS AC-CESS, CHOICE, AND ACCOUNT-ABILITY ACT OF 2014 Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 544 and the Senate proceed to its im-mediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 544) to amend the Veterans Ac-cess, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Vet-erans Choice Program, and for other pur-poses. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I know of no further debate on the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The bill (S. 544) was passed, as fol-lows: S. 544 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MODIFICATION OF TERMINATION DATE FOR VETERANS CHOICE PRO-GRAM. 
Section 101(p)(2) of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Pub-lic Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘, or the date that is 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever occurs first’’. 
SEC. 2. ELIMINATION OF REQUIREMENT TO ACT AS SECONDARY PAYER FOR CARE RELATING TO NON-SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES AND RECOV-ERY OF COSTS FOR CERTAIN CARE UNDER CHOICE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(e) of the Vet-erans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘O
THER HEALTH -CARE PLAN’’ and inserting ‘‘R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR COSTS OF CERTAIN  C
ARE’’; (2) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph head-ing, by striking ‘‘
TO SECRETARY ’’ and insert-ing ‘‘
ON HEALTH -CARE PLANS ’’; (3) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (4) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2); and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS FOR CERTAIN  
CARE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In any case in which an eligible veteran is furnished hospital care or medical services under this section for a non- service-connected disability described in sub-section (a)(2) of section 1729 of title 38, United States Code, or for a condition for which recovery is authorized or with respect to which the United States is deemed to be a third party beneficiary under Public Law 87–693, commonly known as the ‘Federal Medical Care Recovery Act’ (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), the Secretary shall recover or collect from a third party (as defined in subsection (i) of such section 1729) reasonable charges for such care or services to the extent that the veteran (or the provider of the care or services) would be eligible to receive pay-ment for such care or services from such third party if the care or services had not been furnished by a department or agency of the United States. ‘‘(B) U
SE OF AMOUNTS .—Amounts collected by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall be deposited in the Medical Community Care account of the Department. Amounts so deposited shall remain available until ex-pended.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. 
SEC. 3. AUTHORITY TO DISCLOSE CERTAIN MED-ICAL RECORDS OF VETERANS WHO RECEIVE NON-DEPARTMENT OF VET-ERANS AFFAIRS HEALTH CARE. 
Section 7332(b)(2) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H)(i) To a non-Department entity (in-cluding private entities and other Federal agencies) that provides hospital care or med-ical services to veterans as authorized by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) An entity to which a record is dis-closed under this subparagraph may not re-disclose or use such record for a purpose other than that for which the disclosure was made.’’. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TESTER. Madam President, I want to thank Senator M
ORAN and members of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee for all their good work, Senator M
CCAINfor his good work, and Chair-man J
OHNISAKSON for his good work on this bill. This Veterans Choice Program Im-provement Act is an important piece of legislation that is going to really en-sure that veterans can access care in their communities. It is a critically important piece of legislation that we should get done and get done now. I think this body could learn from the work that was done on the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee under the leadership of Chairman I
SAKSON for the veterans of this country. I don’t think my home State of Montana is any ex-ception. Veterans have been waiting far too long for an appointment at the VA and oftentimes had to drive 100 miles for an appointment. That is why we set up the Choice Program. It was supposed to allow these veterans to get their healthcare closer to home. Unfor-tunately, it did not work the way it should have. And we were inundated with redtape and a government con-tractor that struggled to schedule ap-pointments with providers on time. This Veterans Choice Program Im-provement Act is not the end all. It is not what is going to fix the Choice Pro-gram in its entirety, but it certainly is a step in the right direction, a step that needed to be taken, and I com-mend the body for allowing this step to be taken. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Kansas. Mr. MORAN. Madam President, I thank the Senator from Montana for his efforts to see that this legislation gets passed. I am pleased to see that we have been joined in a unanimous way by the Senate, Republicans and Demo-crats working together to see that our veterans receive better care. In addition to the Senator from Mon-tana, I thank Mr. M
CCAIN, the Senator from Arizona, who is joining us on the floor. I also thank Senator I
SAKSON in particular, the chairman of the Vet-erans’ Affairs Committee, for his lead-ership in seeing that we are here today to bring this legislation across the fin-ish line. The House passed legislation similar to this, so this is an opportunity for us to get an accomplishment—not for a pat on our backs but for the improve-ment in the care of those who served 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.007 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2164 April 3, 2017 
our Nation. I asked this question on the Senate floor before: Of all the peo-ple in the United States, who would you expect to get the best care pos-sible? While we want every American to have high-quality care and access to medical treatment, we certainly want to make certain those who served our country and to whom a commitment was made that they would receive care—we want that commitment ful-filled, and we want it done in a way that is advantageous and easy for our veterans. The Senator from Montana is cor-rect. The Choice Act is a significant improvement, in my mind, for access-ing care. Kansas is not quite as large as the State of Montana, but we are a large rural State, and it is a long dis-tance to a VA hospital. So Choice was brought into play to try to alleviate the backlog, the lack of providers with-in the VA, and the wait times that vet-erans faced, but also to try to satisfy the needs of veterans who live long dis-tances from a VA facility. So Choice is in place, but it still has been a difficult time for many veterans across the country and certainly at home. It is the most common conversa-tion I have when I am back in Kansas. In fact, I had a townhall meeting in southwest Kansas, in Dodge City, and it is veterans who, in the public forum, will tell me about the problems with the VA and particularly with Choice, or they will line up after or before that meeting to tell me in person that they need help. This legislation does three signifi-cant things. More is to come. We need a permanent act. This is an extension of the Choice Act that expires on Au-gust 7, so continuing the program is the first step while we work out the de-sired outcome of a long-term perma-nent program. Secondly, it provides the money through that period of time. It allows the expenditure of dollars to pay for Choice. Third, it eliminates the inter-mediary—somebody separate from the VA in paying the bills—and that re-duces the bureaucracy and burden on our veterans. I was just looking through what we call casework, things Kansans bring to our office to try to get solved. Front and center is the number of veterans who are being harassed by collection agencies for bills they thought would be paid by the VA through the Choice Program, and they are not being paid in a timely fashion. This eliminates the intermediary—the manager of the program—from paying the bills and re-stores that authority to the VA to write out the checks with the goal of reducing the bureaucracy and paper-work for the veterans. It also increases the timeliness for the payment that is due the healthcare provider—the doc-tor, the pharmacy, and the hospital. Again, as a rural American, many of our providers are struggling. Hospital doors are a challenge to remain open in rural communities across my State. And that long wait for a reimburse-ment check for services provided months ago also creates a burden on that hospital, that healthcare provider. So timely payment certainly will ben-efit the veterans, but it also increases the chances of the stability of healthcare providers in rural commu-nities across my State and around the country. Finally, it increases the ability for the sharing of medical records between the VA and that community healthcare provider. Choice is in place to help those vet-erans who need to have care more quickly and who need to have care closer to home. This bill improves that program and extends it, and that is a significant development. I appreciate the opportunity I have had to work with the Senators from Arizona, Mon-tana, and Georgia to make sure we got to the point we are today. I appreciate my colleagues’ unanimous support for the passage of this legislation. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arizona. Mr. M
CCAIN. Madam President, I want to thank the Senator from Kan-sas for all the hard work he has done, and the Senator from Montana. On the rare occasion I come to praise him, I would like to give him my deep and heartfelt appreciation for his work in a bipartisan fashion on this issue. I mean that with all sincerity. I also thank our distinguished chairman, Senator I
SAKSON . I also think I share with my colleagues an appreciation for Dr. Shulkin, the new Secretary of the Vet-erans’ Administration, who has been an active and helpful participant in this effort. Most everything has been said except that I would like to remind my col-leagues that we now have—since the enactment in 2014, over 7 million ap-pointments have been made using the Choice Program. Now, over 30,000 ap-pointments are successfully made each week under the Choice Program. The programs are set to expire in a few months, and, as pointed out by my colleagues, the VA has already begun to limit care for pregnant mothers, as well as cancer patients, because their treatment would extend beyond Au-gust. Soon all veterans will be kicked off the Choice Program. I would just like to point out to my colleagues, if I could, that this crisis started in Phoenix, AZ, where 15,000 veterans were put on a wait list and over 40 veterans died while awaiting care. That is not acceptable in this Na-tion. I believe the Choice Program is a major step forward. The truth is, the VA has a lot more to do to provide for the care we have obligated this Nation to on behalf of those who have fought and sacrificed for our Nation. The Choice Card has made a major step for-ward. I hope we can consider removing any geographic or other limitations as-sociated with it. But what the Senators from Kansas and Montana have done today is to make sure this program continues and why it is important to pass it today—not one dollar Congress authorized to care for veterans under the Choice Program should go unused. Let me mention what we have done. There are 7 million additional appoint-ments for veterans in their commu-nities, and over 1.5 million veterans have benefited from using the Choice Card that they would not have had oth-erwise. Some 350,000 more doctors, nurse practitioners, and physician as-sistants are available to treat veterans. There are 235,000 appointments per month through Veterans Choice—more than 10,000 per workday. The Veterans Choice Program more than doubles the number of medical providers nation-wide that treat veterans. In Arizona, 11,700 medical providers in veterans communities have treated over 100,000 disabled veterans. The Veterans Choice Card is being used at 700 hospitals and nearly 10,000 clinics nationwide. The Western Region is paying more than 90 percent of Vet-erans Choice doctors in less than 30 days and answering 900,000 phone calls per month, with an average time to an-swer of under 25 seconds. Over 3,000 vet-erans received hepatitis C treatments due to Veterans Choice funding. There are still kinks in the oper-ation. There are still bottlenecks. There are still times when veterans’ payments, particularly, have not been done in a timely fashion, as the Sen-ator from Kansas mentioned. Hope-fully, that will change now. As with any program, it had its difficulties in its beginning. But I want to tell my colleagues that we should make the Choice Card available for any veteran, no matter where they happen to reside. It should be, I believe, the basis of our next effort. But in the meantime, I want to thank again the Senator from Kansas for his hard work. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
OLD VESSELS EXEMPTION ACT— Continued 
UVALDE COUNTY , TEXAS , BUS ACCIDENT  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I wanted to come to the floor to talk about the important work for the Sen-ate this week, now that the Judiciary Committee has voted on the Judge Neil Gorsuch nomination and he is available for floor consideration. But I wanted, first, to extend my deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically killed in an automobile crash near New Valley, TX, last week. A bus carrying a group of 14 members of the First Baptist Church in New 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.009 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2165 April 3, 2017 
Braunfels collided with a pickup truck on Highway 83. Thirteen people were killed and two others, including the driver of the other vehicle, were in-jured. You can imagine how heart-breaking this has been to everyone in-volved. I can’t begin to imagine the pain and the grief felt by their loved ones, their church family, and their en-tire close-knit community of New Braunfels, TX, just north of San Anto-nio. I had the opportunity to speak with the pastor of First Baptist of New Braunfels, Pastor McLean, the day after the accident. He is leading his congregation and that community dur-ing this very difficult time. He is shep-herding his flock, though, with grace and strength. There is a phrase I am re-minded off in times like this. After the terrible explosion in West Texas, I had a county commissioner from that area tell me: Being a Texan doesn’t describe where you are from, it describes who your family is. Today, our family is mourning. But I know Pastor McLean and all of my fel-low Texans and all Americans really lift up this community in prayer, along with the families and friends of those we lost. I am grateful to the first responders and medical professionals who were first to arrive at the scene of the acci-dent and lent a hand to those in need. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Separately, Madam President, as I have indicated, this is an important week for the American people. Earlier today, the Judiciary Committee voted to send Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Senate floor for full consideration. Later this week, he will be confirmed as the next Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. For the past sev-eral weeks and through 20 grueling hours of questioning before the Judici-ary Committee, Judge Gorsuch has proven to be one of the most qualified nominees to the Court in modern his-tory. Republicans in the Senate said we would give the American people a voice in who would select the next Supreme Court Justice. In a sense, we had a ref-erendum of whether it would be a nominee selected by Donald Trump or by Hillary Clinton. On November 8, we saw the outcome of that election. This week, that referendum will be an-swered when the country will have its ninth Justice on the Supreme Court. Unfortunately, our Democratic col-leagues are doing their very best to de-cide that they should mount the first partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in American history. This is truly unprecedented. I know sometimes people want to talk about 1968 and the Abe Fortas nomination, but not even then was there a partisan filibuster that successfully blocked the confirma-tion of a Supreme Court Justice. What I am talking about is blocking the ability to have an up-or-down vote. I am not talking about how people vote on the confirmation vote. I am talking about allowing us to have a vote—that up-or-down vote—or denying it by vir-tue of the filibuster. I, for one, have been encouraged to see people from across the country speaking out and urging our colleagues to drop their ob-struction and to allow such an up-or- down vote on an incredibly qualified, upstanding, and brilliant judge. Editorials from all over the country have registered their opposition to the idea of a filibuster and have done so rather bluntly. The Chicago Tribune, for example, said: ‘‘Neil Gorsuch earns his Supreme Court seat.’’ The Boston Herald says: ‘‘Shame on Senate Dems.’’ The Boston Herald specifically said that those going along with the strat-egy were ‘‘blindly partisan for whom any nomination made by President Trump would never be qualified.’’ The Denver Post, in the home State of Judge Gorsuch, urged Senators to confirm Judge Gorsuch to the Supreme Court and specifically urged the senior Senator from Colorado, Senator BEN-
NET, not to cooperate with this blind partisanship and this filibuster but rather to allow the judge an up-or- down vote on the Senate floor. Their editorial title made that much clearer. They said: ‘‘Michael Bennet should buck Democrats and speak up for Neil Gorsuch.’’ The Billings Gazette in Montana had this to say: ‘‘Democrats refuse to rise above petty partisan politics.’’ The Richmond Times-Dispatch took the junior Senator from Virginia to task and said: His opposition to Judge Gorsuch, ‘‘suggests he can’t come up with a defensible reason to oppose the nomination.’’ Finally in New Hampshire, the New Hampshire Union Leader editorial last week was titled: ‘‘Confirm Gorsuch: Dems plan pointless filibuster.’’ ‘‘Pointless’’ about sums it up. There is no doubt that Judge Gorsuch is quali-fied. He has received the highest rating from the American Bar Association, which reportedly interviewed 500 lead-ing lawyers and practitioners in the country, and the ratings system of the American Bar Association has been called by many of our Senate Demo-cratic colleagues the ‘‘gold standard’’ when it comes to confirmations. Among the legal and local commu-nities, Judge Gorsuch enjoys broad bi-partisan support, but that seems to make no difference to our friends across the aisle who voted on a party- line vote not to send his nomination from the Judiciary Committee. Of course, their minority position lost when the majority of the committee voted today to send that nomination to the floor. I can’t help but think that they are in an unenviable position, torn by their desire to do what they know is the right thing when it comes to con-firming a good judge, and, on the other hand, being attacked by their own par-ty’s political base, telling them that if they vote to confirm this judge, they are somehow going to suffer some po-litical damage. Of these newspapers I mentioned, not one of them endorsed Donald Trump for President—not one. But unlike some of our Senate colleagues, they are able to distinguish between President Trump and Judge Neil Gorsuch, instead of using Donald Trump as a proxy not to vote to confirm Neil Gorsuch. These newspapers are urging Senate Democrats to drop this pointless fili-buster because they understand that it will not be President Trump we will be voting on next week. It is Judge Neil Gorsuch. Now, after repeatedly moving the goalposts for this nominee, my Democratic friends are saying that he has to pass the ‘‘traditional’’ threshold of 60 votes. Well, that is a made-up standard. Throughout our Nation’s history, the Senate has not had a tradition of fili-bustering judges. It was a strategy cooked up by Senator SCHUMER , Lau-rence Tribe from Harvard Law School, and other liberal activists to try to block President George W. Bush’s judges when he was President of the United States. So there is no 60-vote threshold in Senate tradition. Actu-ally, there have only been four cloture votes for a Supreme Court nominee— only four—and none of them for a par-tisan filibuster that actually succeeded in blocking an up-or-down vote for a nominee. One of the newspaper fact checks concluded with this. They said: ‘‘There is no traditional 60-vote ‘standard’ or ‘rule’ for Supreme Court nominations, no matter how much or how often Democrats claim otherwise.’’ This should be a time when the Senate should come together in a bipartisan fashion and do what it is supposed to do when we receive the nomination of such a highly qualified person. Judge Gorsuch has won bipartisan approval. People across the country understand that, as do a number of independent Democrats here in the Senate, and they understand the dan-gerous path the minority leader is set-ting us and them on. Unfortunately, the Democratic leader wants to mount the first successful partisan filibuster of a Supreme Court nominee in our his-tory. But I would point out that no Repub-lican Senator in the Senate has ever voted to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee, including those nominated by Democratic Presidents. As a matter of fact, Justice Clarence Thomas was con-firmed with 52 votes. If the threshold were really 60, then he would not cur-rently be serving on the Supreme Court of the United States. Even such polar opposites as Justice Scalia and Justice Ginsburg were confirmed by virtually unanimous votes because people under-stood that once the President was elected, that the President’s choice should matter, and the Senate should not artificially try to lift up a 60-vote threshold in order to block, effectively, the will of the voters in choosing the president. A few years ago, when we considered the nominations of Justice Sotomayor 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.011 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2166 April 3, 2017 
and Justice Kagan, we gave both nomi-nees a simple up-or-down vote. So our friends across the aisle have a simple but very important decision to make. They can listen to the extremist groups on the left that are urging them to resist at all costs or they can assert some of their independence. As of today, several of our Demo-cratic colleagues have done exactly that. I congratulate them. I am glad Senator H
EITKAMP , Senator M ANCHIN , and Senator D
ONNELLY have said they will assert their prerogative, as Sen-ators, to allow an up-or-down vote for this nominee and actually vote for them. I hope they stand firm, but I hope, more importantly, more of their colleagues will demonstrate the same sort of independence from the radical base of the Democratic Party that says no to everything this President does. I hope they at least afford Judge Gorsuch an up-or-down vote because, if the Democrats successfully block Judge Gorsuch, there is literally no nominee from this President who they will not block—plain and simple. So as we have been saying, Judge Gorsuch will be confirmed at the end of this week, but it is up to the Demo-crats as to how that happens. Madam President, I yield the floor. Mr. CARDIN. Madam President, I wish to express my opposition to S. 89 because it exempts certain vessels—ac-tually one specific vessel called the Delta Queen—from current fire retard-ant construction standards and, ac-cording to the U.S. Coast Guard, rep-resents ‘‘an unacceptable degree of fire safety risk. . . . ’’ Maritime history has numerous ex-amples of catastrophic on-board fires followed by the passage—or attempted passage—of laws designed to improve safety and protect passengers and crew. In response to the sinking of the RMS Titanic, in 1914, the International Maritime Organization, IMO, pre-scribed emergency equipment and safe-ty procedures IMO-flagged ships were required to have in place. The 1934 fire on the SS Morro Castle prompted the adoption of multiple Fed-eral safety regulations, including the use of fire retardant construction ma-terials. A series of fires aboard international passenger ships in the early 1960s prompted the U.S. to enact the Safety of Life at Sea Act, SOLAS, which man-dated that ‘‘no passenger vessel of the United States shall be granted a cer-tificate of inspection [. . .] unless the vessel is constructed of fire-retardant materials.’’ Congress delayed the implementation of the SOLAS mandate first until 1968, then until 1970, then again until 1973, but only for U.S. passenger vessels op-erating on inland rivers. In 1973, Congress again delayed the effect of the mandate, but this time EXPRESSLY for one ship—the Delta Queen—and only for one 5-year period ‘‘while a new [overnight passenger] riv-erboat is being constructed.’’ Despite the clear intent of Congress in 1973, the various owners of the Delta Queen successfully secured exemptions from SOLAS for the Delta Queen in 1986, 1991, and 1996. Their attempts to seek a 10-year ex-tension in 2007 and a 15-year extension in 2013 were unsuccessful, so they made another run in the 114th Congress and now in the 115th Congress with S. 89. Current law requires passenger ves-sels with overnight accommodations for 50 or more passengers to be con-structed of fire-retardant materials, unless an exemption is made, but in the case of the Delta Queen, the U.S. Coast Guard has consistently opposed legislation to provide the Delta Queen an exemption to remain in service as an overnight passenger cruise vessel. A Coast Guard Special Inspection Re-port on the Delta Queen in 2008 found ‘‘an unnecessary and unacceptable ac-cumulation of combustible fire load.’’ In a January 8, 2016, letter to Senator B
ILLNELSON , the Coast Guard’s then- Assistant Secretary of Legislative Af-fairs wrote ‘‘the Department of Home-land Security is resigned to oppose continuously any legislation that would provide any form of statutory relief for the steamer Delta Queen.’’ S. 89 is contrary to public safety. It is contrary to the Safety of Life at Sea Act regulations which have been in full force in the U.S. since 1966, and it is contrary to the guidance of the U.S. Coast Guard. The Delta Queen is an old ship made of wood. The boilers are original and open to the wood superstructure. There are no structural boundaries to contain a fire and only one means of egress. I understand that supporters of S. 89 are concerned about the historic pres-ervation of this ship and the economic opportunities that operation of the ship could bring to its homeport. We should first and foremost be con-cerned with the safety of the people who will work on the ship and vacation on the ship and that they can have the same opportunities and experiences on a ship that is compliant with the rea-sonable safety standards that have been in place in this country for more than 50 years. Mr. CORNYN. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH  
Mr. FLAKE. Madam President, as I have done from the time he was nomi-nated and as I will continue to do until he is confirmed, I rise to support the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to serve on the Supreme Court. Judge Gorsuch is an accomplished, mainstream jurist. I look forward to helping make sure he can receive a vote here on the Senate floor. In the weeks since his nomination, I have spoken at length about his quali-fications to serve on the Supreme Court. I have recognized him as a con-servative champion of religious liberty, a defender of the separation of powers, and a westerner who will bring some much needed geographic diversity and a regional perspective to the Court. During his confirmation hearing be-fore the Senate Judiciary Committee, Judge Gorsuch showed the country what it means to be a judge. Big or small, popular or unpopular, powerful or powerless, Judge Gorsuch promised to render judgments based on the facts of the case, nothing else. He also has a remarkable record of re-spectful cooperation with judges ap-pointed by Presidents of both parties. During his decade-long tenure on the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals, Judge Gorsuch participated in more than 2,700 appeals. These comprised some of the most difficult cases across six States. Of those cases, 97 percent of them were decided unanimously—97 percent. Judge Gorsuch was in the majority 99 percent of the time. He was in the ma-jority on those cases 99 percent of the time. This is a testament to Judge Gorsuch’s ability to consider other points of view and to seek out con-sensus, where possible. To try to paint Judge Gorsuch as an ideologue simply doesn’t work. Those are essential qualities for any prospective Supreme Court Justice. Now that we have reported Judge Gorsuch out of committee as of today, I would like to say a few words on the obstacles that stand in the way of his being considered here on the Senate floor. As we proceed with Judge Gorsuch’s confirmation, I would like to explain my support for confirming him in light of what transpired in the waning months of the previous administration. For nearly 230 years, Presidents have been making nominations to the Su-preme Court. According to the Con-gressional Research Service: ‘‘From the appointment of the first Justices in 1789 through its consideration of Nomi-nee Elena Kagan in 2010, the Senate has confirmed 124 Supreme Court nomi-nations out of 160 received.’’ I would like to reiterate that num-ber. Out of 160 Supreme Court nomina-tions in our Nation’s history, 124 were confirmed. The Congressional Research Service goes on to state: ‘‘Of the 36 nomina-tions which were not confirmed, 11 were rejected outright in roll-call votes by the Senate, while nearly all of the rest, in the face of substantial com-mittee or Senate opposition to the nominee or the President, were with-drawn by the President, or were post-poned, tabled, or never voted on by the Senate.’’ The manner in which the Senate de-cides to provide its constitutional ad-vice and consent on Presidential nomi-nations has varied over the centuries 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.012 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2167 April 3, 2017 
with respect to nominations. This in-cludes decisions not to take up Su-preme Court nominees. As Jonathan Adler put it in his arti-cle in the George Mason Law Review: 
Much as the Senate may reject a legisla-tive proposal that originated in the House of Representatives by voting it down, killing it in committee, or simply refusing to take up the measure, the Senate may withhold its consent by voting against confirmation of a nominee, rejecting the nominee in com-mittee, or simply refusing to act. 
Is refusing to act the preferred out-come? I can certainly see where some would say no, as would I. However, the history of the Senate demonstrates that to do otherwise in similar circumstances, as we just expe-rienced is, in fact, a rare exception. To cite Adler’s law review article again, he states: ‘‘The last time a Su-preme Court vacancy arose in the cal-endar year of a Presidential election and was filled prior to [the] election was in 1932.’’ President Obama nominated Judge Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court in the heat of the 2016 Presidential election. When he was nominated, I un-derstood the frustration of those on the other side of the aisle over the fate of that nomination. I met Judge Garland. He is a good man and a good judge, but the decision by the majority not to take up Judge Garland’s nomination was not incon-sistent with a longstanding practice of filling Supreme Court vacancies after elections. This brings us today to why I support confirming Judge Gorsuch to the Su-preme Court. There is no question about the appropriateness of con-firming Supreme Court nominees dur-ing the first years of the President’s term, let alone the first 3 months. In fact, there is absolutely no justifica-tion for filibustering a highly qualified Supreme Court nominee put forward by the President who was just elected. That is just unprecedented. There was an attempt to use this tac-tic in 2006 with Justice Samuel Alito’s nomination to the Supreme Court, but he garnered sufficient bipartisan sup-port so that cloture was invoked. Today, it appears that we will not enjoy that same rational support. My preference would be to change the be-havior of Senators rather than change the rules of the Senate. But here we are, where a nominee who would have received unanimous or nearly unani-mous support just a few years ago is about to be filibustered. My question is this: If we can’t con-firm a judge like Judge Gorsuch under contemporary use of Senate rules, who can we confirm? It looks as if we will move forward later this week and make the rest of the Executive Calendar subject to the same simple majority threshold. Again, a change in Senate rules is not my pre-ferred outcome, but this rule change will simply make de jure what was de facto prior to 2003, when filibusters were virtually never used on the Presi-dent’s Executive Calendar. Now, I want to make clear my stead-fast support to preserve the legislative filibuster. We need to distinguish be-tween the President’s Executive Cal-endar, which has traditionally never been filibustered or subject to fili-buster, and the legislative filibuster, which is used frequently here to ensure that we work across the aisle. The Framers of our Constitution had the wisdom to create a Senate with a strong minority to serve as a check on runaway power. If we were to eliminate the legislative filibuster, we would cease to be that check, and, indeed, the Senate would cease to be the Senate. We have a qualified mainstream ju-rist before us. That is Judge Gorsuch. I encourage all of my colleagues to give him fair consideration and to advance his nomination to an up-or-down vote. I will be voting to confirm him, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I yield back the remainder of my time. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mrs. M
CCASKILL. Mr. President, I rise to ask my colleagues to support the bill that is in front of us, S. 89, which will allow the historic Delta Queen paddle wheeler to return to oper-ation on the Mississippi and Ohio Riv-ers. This bill is supported by the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Seafarers International Union of North America, along with a whole lot of ex-cited people who live in Kimmswick, MO, where this boat will have its home base. The Delta Queen is an important piece of history. The vessel connects us to a time before railroads and high-ways, when rivers were key arteries of travel and commerce in this country. It was first placed on the National Reg-ister of Historic Places in 1970 and was designated as a national historic land-mark in 1989. The Delta Queen’s steel hull was originally built in pieces in Scotland and then was assembled in Stockton, CA, in 1926, until the beginning of World War II, when it ferried pas-sengers between Sacramento and San Francisco. During the war, she was ac-quired by the U.S. Navy to support its operations in the San Francisco Bay. Following the war, she was taken to Cincinnati, where she took passengers up and down the river system for the next 60 years. Three different U.S. Presidents have sailed on the Delta Queen—Herbert Hoover, Missouri’s own Harry Truman, and Jimmy Carter. In fact, President Carter went on a week-long campaign tour on the vessel in 1979, along the Upper Mississippi. For years, this vessel was home- ported in Cincinnati and was later used as a hotel in Chattanooga. Should the bill before us be enacted, the Delta Queen will be home-ported in Kimmswick, MO, just south of St. Louis. There, its operations will create more than 170 jobs and have an eco-nomic impact of more than $36 million, which is a big impact for one boat in a small community. The bill before the Senate today would reinstate the exemption that the Delta Queen repeatedly received in the past when it was grandfathered from regulations that occurred in 1966, which prevented wooden boats from having passengers overnight. Congress repeatedly renewed this waiver from 1968 to 2008 and recognized that these regulations were primarily designed for ships on the high seas and that this ship was a link to an important time period in American history. Over the 40 years that the Delta Queen had its exemption, it operated without incident, but the exemption was allowed to expire in 2008. S. 89 adds a new number of safety provisions as a condition of the waiver, making it a very strong improvement over every previous waiver that was issued by Congress during that time period. I will not go through the long list of safety requirements that are contained in this legislation. Suffice it to say that they must alter the boat; they must protect the engine and boiler sys-tems with non-flammable materials, and they must receive special training. The owner cannot disclaim any li-ability for any crewmember’s or pas-senger’s injury or death. The Coast Guard has to conduct an annual audit and inspection of the ves-sel. In order to receive the waiver, the vessel must have the boilers and gen-erators that meet current Coast Guard standards, which means that the cur-rent owners of the boat are going to in-vest millions in order to bring it up to the safety standards that are necessary for today’s traveling public. It has to have noncombustible enclosures that are equipped with fire suppression sys-tems, and multiple forms of egress are provided off the vessel’s bow and stern. It is also reiterated in this legisla-tion that the Coast Guard has the au-thority to immediately withdraw its certification of inspection for the own-ers’ failure to comply with any require-ment in this bill, in addition to other penalties permitted by law. In short, we have taken important steps to make this historic piece of riv-erboat history safe for the traveling public. Frankly, I think people need to remember the lengths to which we go in restoring and preserving historic buildings in this country. We do not make them tear them down. Rather, we make them comply with certain safety standards. We treasure the fact that we are saving historic buildings all over this country. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.015 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2168 April 3, 2017 
This is saving a historic vessel. It is very important that we save this vessel not only for what it represents to our country but also for what it means in jobs and economic activity to an im-portant area of the State that I love to call home. I thank Senators B
ROWN , B LUNT , B
OOZMAN , CASSIDY , COTTON , KENNEDY , and P
ORTMAN , who joined me in intro-ducing this legislation, and Chairman T
HUNE and Ranking Member N ELSON , who have been so helpful in moving it through the Commerce, Science, and Transportation Committee. I know it is a phrase that we like to use around here and that sometimes it is not true, but this really is a bipar-tisan effort. This really is an example of people coming together who have common sense in order to put a boat back on the river that means a lot to history, that means a lot to the trav-eling public, and that uses common sense in addressing safety concerns that are necessary because of the his-toric nature of the boat. I ask that all of my colleagues sup-port this bill and return the Delta Queen to her rightful place on the Mighty Mississippi. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. All time has expired. The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading and was read the third time. Mr. CRAPO. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The bill having been read the third time, the question is, Shall the bill pass? The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) and the Senator from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
OOMEY ). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANT-
WELL ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 85, nays 12, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 102 Leg.] YEAS—85 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blunt Booker Boozman Brown Burr Capito Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Udall Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Young NAYS—12 
Blumenthal Cardin Collins Durbin Gillibrand Manchin Menendez Murkowski Murphy Murray Van Hollen Wyden 
NOT VOTING—3 
Cantwell Isakson Toomey 
The bill (S. 89) was passed, as follows: 
S. 89 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. FIRE-RETARDANT MATERIALS EX-EMPTION. 
Section 3503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3503. Fire-retardant materials ‘‘(a)(1) A passenger vessel of the United States having berth or stateroom accom-modations for at least 50 passengers shall be granted a certificate of inspection only if— ‘‘(A) the vessel is constructed of fire-re-tardant materials; and ‘‘(B) the vessel— ‘‘(i) is operating engines, boilers, main electrical distribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators that meet current Coast Guard regulations; ‘‘(ii) is operating boilers and main elec-trical generators that are contained within noncombustible enclosures equipped with fire suppression systems; and ‘‘(iii) has multiple forms of egress off the vessel’s bow and stern. ‘‘(2) Before December 1, 2028, this section does not apply to any vessel in operation be-fore January 1, 1968, and operating only within the Boundary Line. ‘‘(b)(1) When a vessel is exempted from the fire-retardant standards of subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) the owner or managing operator of the vessel shall— ‘‘(i) notify in writing prospective pas-sengers, prior to the sale of any ticket for boarding and to be affirmatively recognized by such passenger prior to purchase, and any crew member that the vessel does not com-ply with applicable fire safety standards due primarily to the wooden construction of pas-senger berthing areas; and ‘‘(ii) display in clearly legible font promi-nently throughout the vessel, including in each state room the following: ‘THIS VES-SEL FAILS TO COMPLY WITH SAFETY RULES AND REGULATIONS OF THE U.S. COAST GUARD.’; ‘‘(B) the owner or managing operator of the vessel— ‘‘(i) may not disclaim liability to a pas-senger or crew member for death, injury, or any other loss caused by fire due to the neg-ligence of the owner or managing operator; and ‘‘(ii) shall acquire prior to entering service, and maintain, liability insurance in an amount to be prescribed by the Federal Mar-itime Commission; ‘‘(C) the penalties provided in section 3504(c) of this title apply to a violation of this subsection; ‘‘(D) the owner or managing operator of the vessel shall— ‘‘(i) make annual structural alteration to not less than 10 percent of the areas of the vessel that are not constructed of fire retard-ant materials; ‘‘(ii) prioritize alterations in galleys, engi-neering areas of the vessel, including all spaces and compartments containing, or ad-jacent to spaces and compartments con-taining, engines, boilers, main electrical dis-tribution panels, fuel tanks, oil tanks, and generators; ‘‘(iii) ensure, to the satisfaction of the Coast Guard, that the combustible fire-load has been reduced pursuant to clause (i) dur-ing each annual inspection for certification; and ‘‘(iv) provide advance notice to the Coast Guard regarding the structural alterations made pursuant to clause (i) and comply with any noncombustible material requirements prescribed by the Coast Guard; ‘‘(E) the Coast Guard, in making the deter-mination required in subparagraph (D)(iii), shall consider, to the extent practicable, the goal of preservation of the historic integrity of the vessel in areas carrying or accessible to passengers or generally visible to the pub-lic; ‘‘(F) the owner or managing operator of the vessel shall annually notify all ports of call and State emergency management of-fices of jurisdiction that the vessel does not comply with applicable fire safety standards due primarily to the wooden construction of passenger berthing areas; ‘‘(G) the crews manning such vessel shall receive specialized training, above minimum standards, in regards to shipboard fire-fighting that is specialized for exempted ves-sels and approved by the Coast Guard; and ‘‘(H) the owner or managing operator of the vessel shall, to the extent practicable, take all steps to retain previously trained crew knowledgeable of such vessel or to hire crew trained in operations aboard exempted vessels. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall conduct an annual audit and inspection of any vessel exempted from the fire-retardant standards of sub-section (a). ‘‘(c) The Secretary shall prescribe regula-tions to carry out this section. Such regula-tions shall include the manner in which pro-spective passengers are to be notified. ‘‘(d) In addition to other penalties per-mitted by law, the Secretary is authorized to immediately withdraw a certificate of in-spection for a passenger vessel that does not comply with any requirement under this sec-tion.’’. f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider Executive Calendar No. 24, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.017 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2169 April 3, 2017 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Senate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NOMINATION OF ELAINE DUKE Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise today in support of Elaine Duke’s nom-ination to be the seventh Deputy Sec-retary for the Department of Homeland Security. The Department of Homeland Secu-rity Deputy Secretary serves as the chief operating officer of the Federal Government’s third largest agency. The Deputy Secretary manages 240,000 men and women responsible for secur-ing our borders and aviation system, enforcing immigration laws, defending cyberspace, preparing for disasters, as-sisting in counterterrorism efforts, and preventing terrorist attacks. In short, the Deputy Secretary is critically im-portant to our homeland security. On March 15, Ms. Duke was approved by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs by a voice vote. She has overwhelming bi-partisan support. I want to remind everyone of Ms. Duke’s qualifications and, particularly, of her dedication to public service through both Republican and Demo-cratic administrations. Ms. Duke is no stranger to this body. In 2008, she was confirmed by a voice vote to be the De-partment’s Under Secretary for Man-agement. As a testament to her char-acter and dedication, she was asked by President Obama to stay on when he came into office. She served in the Obama administration for a year and a half before retiring from Federal serv-ice. In total, Ms. Duke has been a pub-lic servant for 28 years. It is also noteworthy that Ms. Duke has been endorsed by at least the last five Department of Homeland Security Deputy Secretaries, from both Demo-cratic and Republican administrations. This is what they had to say about her: 
For this job, the Nation needs someone with impeccable integrity, strong manage-ment and leadership skills and experience in protecting the safety, security, and resil-ience of our Nation. This person must be able to collaborate routinely . . . and ensure that every Congressionally-appropriated dollar is well and wisely spent. Together, we respectfully attest that Elaine is extraordinarily well qualified to serve in the position for which she has now been nominated. Elaine knows DHS. She has been a senior leader at DHS under two presi-dents. She sets an unwavering standard of excellence for all who consider themselves committed to public service. 
As chairman of the Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs Com-mittee, I worked hard to move 30 of President Obama’s nominees through the committee on a bipartisan basis. I am pleased that we will be sending to DHS a career public servant whose ex-perience and management skills will immediately assist Secretary Kelly and the mission of the Department to defend our homeland. For the sake of our national and homeland security, I encourage my col-leagues to support Ms. Duke’s nomina-tion to be the next Deputy Secretary for the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. f 
NOMINATION OF NEIL GORSUCH Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I would like to use my remaining time to voice my strong support of Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court. Let me stress that Judge Gorsuch won my vote when I first heard his definition of the role of a judge. Let me quote: 
It is the role of a judge to apply, not alter, the work of the people’s representatives. A judge who likes every outcome he reaches is very likely a bad judge, stretching for re-sults he prefers rather than those the law de-mands. 
That is the quintessential definition of the role of a judge. I met with Judge Gorsuch last Tuesday morning, and in that meeting he further reinforced my support. I asked Judge Gorsuch and voiced my concern that far too often we have seen judges evolve into super-legislators—judicial activists on the court. I asked the judge: How can I be assured that won’t happen with you? To paraphrase his response to me, he said: Senator, I am going to follow the law; you will not like some of my deci-sions. That was music to my ears. I realize there is a lot of bad law, and we have a judge who follows the law and applies it. Sometimes I am not going to like those decisions, but that is OK. That is the role of a judge. He went on to say: I am not itching to be anything other than a good judge. He further said that legislative power cannot be delegated. Judge Gorsuch gave me a great deal of confidence that he is well qualified and that he de-serves to fill some pretty big shoes— Justice Scalia’s seat on the Supreme Court. It is not just I who considers Judge Gorsuch well qualified. The ABA has given Judge Gorsuch their ‘‘well quali-fied’’ rating, which is the highest pos-sible rating. Of course, Democratic Leader S
CHUMER , in a Washington Post article from March 18, 2001, said: ‘‘The ABA’S evaluation is the gold standard by which judicial candidates are judged.’’ Vice President Biden, back in 1994, talking about the ABA rating system said: 
I look at no other recommendation more closely. I value no recommendation more highly. 
So the ABA says Judge Gorsuch is highly qualified, and I agree. Judge Gorsuch also has bipartisan support. I am heartened by the fact that three of our Democratic colleagues in the Sen-ate have already voiced their support for Judge Gorsuch. Of course, President Obama’s Solicitor General, Neal Katyal, also said: Judge Gorsuch is one of the most thought-ful and brilliant judges to have served our Nation over the last century. As a judge, he has always put aside his personal views to serve the rule of law. To boot, as those of us who have worked with him can attest, he is a wonderfully decent and humane person. I strongly support his nomination to the Su-preme Court. 
Again, that is a quote from President Obama’s Solicitor General. My final comment has to do with the fact that this is the will of the American people. In my lifetime, I really cannot remem-ber when a Presidential election ele-vated the issue of Supreme Court nomi-nations to as high a level as it was ele-vated in this election. As a matter of fact, this election, point blank, ele-vated this particular vacancy. So many of my Republican col-leagues said exactly what I said: It is so close to the election; so why don’t we let the American people decide not only the direction of this country but the composition of the Supreme Court. The American people spoke. The voters in my State of Wisconsin spoke. They voted for the 10 electoral votes in sup-port of President Trump, and they voted to elect me to confirm President Trump’s nominee to this Supreme Court vacancy. I believe it is our duty to listen to the voices of the voters, the American people, the voters of Wisconsin. I am hoping that my junior Senator col-league from Wisconsin will listen to the voices of Wisconsin voters and vote at least for cloture. Maybe you don’t have to vote for confirmation, but let’s vote for cloture so this good, fine, de-cent, humane, high-integrity, well- qualified judge—Judge Neil Gorsuch— will be the next Supreme Court Justice of the United States. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Colorado. 
f 
U.S.-CHINA RELATIONSHIP Mr. GARDNER. Mr. President, I thank my colleague from Wisconsin for his remarks on Judge Gorsuch. I look forward to this debate this week as we work to confirm Judge Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court in a bipartisan fashion. This evening, though, I come to the floor to talk about another very impor-tant issue that is happening in this country this week; that is, the U.S.- China relationship that will be high-lighted this week as President Trump prepares to meet with President Xi for the first time later this week. This summer presents a tremendous opportunity for President Trump to ex-pressly state our hope for the relation-ship, while also elucidating the valid concerns and questions we have about 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.019 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2170 April 3, 2017 
some of China’s policies and its future directions. I am also leading a bipartisan letter with Senator S
CHATZ , and I hope my colleagues will join me in expressing our thoughts about this important re-lationship. The U.S.-China relationship is the most consequential relationship in the world. We must get it right. Beijing must also get it right. So today I will address what I hope President Trump will focus on in his conversation with President Xi and also outline a legisla-tive initiative that I am leading in Congress to strengthen our policies in the Asia-Pacific region. I believe the most urgent challenge between our two nations is the coming nuclear crisis on the North Korean Pe-ninsula. Last year alone, North Korea conducted two nuclear tests and a stag-gering 24 ballistic missile launches. Kim Jong Un is committed to devel-oping his nuclear missile program with one goal in mind—to have a reliable ca-pability to deliver a nuclear warhead to Seoul, Tokyo, and, most impor-tantly, to the continental United States. President Trump has said that the United States will not allow that to happen. I am encouraged by the Presi-dent’s resolve. However, the road to stopping Pyongyang undoubtedly lies through Beijing. Beijing is the reason the regime acts so boldly and with rel-ative few consequences. China is the only country that holds the diplomatic and economic leverage necessary to put the real squeeze on the North Korean regime. So while the United States argues over strategic pa-tience or measured resolve, China must go beyond mere articulation of concern and lay out a transparent path forward on how they will work to denuclearize North Korea. For our part, President Trump must lay out a simple calculus for President Xi: The United States will deploy every economic, diplomatic, and, if nec-essary, military tool at our disposal to deter Pyongyang and to protect our al-lies. China has a responsibility globally to do the same. As part of our toolbox, the administration should tell China it will now significantly ramp up the sanctions track. Last Congress, I led the North Korea Sanctions and Policy Enhancement Act, which passed the Senate by a vote of 96 to 0. This legislation was the first stand- alone legislation in Congress regarding North Korea to impose mandatory sanctions on the regime’s proliferation activities, human rights violations, and malicious cyber behavior. The ad-ministration must fully enforce this legislation, including imposing sec-ondary sanctions on any Chinese enti-ties that are aiding Pyongyang. In addition, China must faithfully implement all United Nations Security Council resolutions with regard to North Korea, particularly resolutions 2270 and 2321, negotiated last year, which require China to drastically re-duce coal imports from North Korea. China’s record in this has been lack-luster so far. China should stop being complicit in the labor abuses of Pyongyang and shut off avenues of cyber attack, as well, that are being perpetrated by North Korea through Chinese channels. Two weeks ago, China’s Foreign Min-ister, Wang Yi, called on the United States and South Korea to halt their annual joint military exercises in ex-change for North Korea’s suspending its missile and nuclear activities, a deal that the Trump administration rightfully rejected. We should let Bei-jing know that the United States will not negotiate with Pyongyang at the expense of the security of our allies. Moreover, before any talks, we must demand that Pyongyang first meet the denuclearization commitments it had already agreed to and subsequently chose to discard. President Trump should unequivocally condemn the eco-nomic pressure exerted by Beijing on Seoul over the deployment of the Ter-minal High Altitude Area Defense, or THAAD, on South Korean territory. THAAD is a defensive system that in no way threatens China, and Beijing knows this. Most importantly, President Trump should indicate to President Xi that a denuclearized Korean Peninsula is in both nation’s interests. But to achieve this goal, Beijing must be made to choose whether it wants to work with the United States as a responsible lead-er to stop the madman in Pyongyang or bear and acknowledge the con-sequences of keeping him in power. Another looming crisis in U.S.-China relations is the escalation of tension in the East and South China Seas. China’s recent destabilizing activities and ac-tions in the East China Sea and the South China Sea are contrary to inter-national law, pose an increased risk of future conflict, and necessitate a strong U.S. and regional response. Their actions seem at odds with their words. China has declared an illegit-imate air defense identification zone in the East China Sea, has dramatically expanded its land reclamation activi-ties in the South China Sea, and has clearly added a military element to it. Since 2013, according to the Depart-ment of Defense, China has reclaimed over 3,200 acres of artificial features in the South China Sea. On July 12, 2016, an international tri-bunal in the Hague ruled that China violated the sovereignty of the Phil-ippines with regard to maritime dis-putes between the two nations. Since 2015, China has also built facilities with potential military uses on the artifi-cial islands, including three airstrips— two more than 10,000-feet long, and one nearly 9,000-feet long—hangers that can shelter jet fighters, harbors, anti- aircraft batteries, radars, and struc-tures that could house surface-to-air missiles. This last week, the Center for Stra-tegic and International Studies Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative re-ported that major construction of mili-tary dual-use infrastructure on the ‘‘Big 3’’—Subi, Mischief, and Fiery Cross Reefs—is wrapping up, with naval, air, radar, and defensive facili-ties largely complete. Beijing can now deploy military as-sets, according to AMTI, including combat aircraft and mobile missile launchers to the Spratly Islands at any time. The United States must have con-sistent and assertive diplomatic en-gagement with China to reinforce that these rogue activities fall outside of accepted international norms. The U.S. defense posture in this region should remain exactly what Secretary of De-fense Ashton Carter said at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore on May 30, 2015. I quote Secretary Carter: 
The United States will fly, sail, and oper-ate wherever international law allows, as U.S. forces do all over the world. America, alongside its allies and partners in the re-gional architecture, will not be deterred from exercising these rights—the rights of all nations. 
A consistent, deliberate, and asser-tive policy to do just that is imperative for the United States. During the up-coming summit, I hope that President Trump can set an agenda for positive economic engagement with China and recognize that this is a two-way street. As the top two economies in the world, our nations are inextricably linked, and we must continue to build a trade partnership that benefits the United States, our companies, and U.S. export-ers. However, this engagement also means ensuring that China plays fair. First and foremost, China must stop its state-sponsored and state-endorsed theft of foreign intellectual property. According to a report by the Intellec-tual Property Commission, chaired by ADM Dennis Blair, the former U.S. Commander of the Pacific Command, and John Huntsman, the former Am-bassador to China, the theft of U.S. in-tellectual property is estimated at over $300 billion annually, and China ac-counts for about 50 to 80 percent of that amount. China must understand that this be-havior with regard to the massive and well documented theft of foreign intel-lectual property is unacceptable and antithetical to international norms. China also needs significant improve-ment to its legal system and to further open its economy to foreign and pri-vate investment. China must understand that new reg-ulations that seek to discriminate against American companies, anti- market policies that favor state-owned enterprises, lack of transparency, and other policies that create an uneven playing field for the United States and our enterprises in China are not ac-ceptable, and that those protectionist behaviors will only further isolate China or hurt their global competitive-ness, if they are adopted globally, as they seek to engage further in the world’s economy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.021 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2171 April 3, 2017 
While many American firms still look to China as a top priority to grow and succeed in the global marketplace, without tangible economic and legal reforms within China, I fear that these opportunities will be more limited in the future and seriously jeopardize the bilateral commercial relations between our two nations. But if Beijing changes course, the upside of these reforms for China and the United States can be enormous. A pillar of any nation that seeks a prosperous future and a future with a strong relationship with the United States must be international freedoms. As President Kennedy once stated: ‘‘The rights of every man are dimin-ished when the rights of one man are threatened.’’ President Trump should heed Presi-dent Kennedy’s wise words and raise China’s deplorable human rights record with President Xi. Chinese authorities are intensifying human rights abuses and cracking down on civil society. Ac-cording to the State Department’s 2015 Human Rights Report on China: ‘‘Re-pression and coercion markedly in-creased during the year against organi-zations and individuals involved in civil and political rights advocacy and public interest and ethnic minority issues.’’ According to the State Department’s 2015 International Religious Freedom Report on China: ‘‘Over this past year, there continued to be reports that the government physically abused, de-tained, arrested, tortured, sentenced to prison, or harassed adherents of both registered and unregistered religious groups for activities related to their beliefs and practices.’’ We simply cannot and will not accept this type of behavior from a nation that wants to be thought of as a gen-uine global partner of the United States. I believe that China’s rise can only be peaceful and balanced with a vigorous U.S. presence in the Asia-Pa-cific region that is able to check Bei-jing’s worst impulses. Last May, while attending the Shangri-La Dialogue, I heard a tremen-dous amount of concern from the re-gion’s top leaders about U.S. presence in the Asia-Pacific region and our com-mitment to remaining engaged in this critical part of the world. The Trump administration is inheriting a flawed Asia rebalance policy from the pre-vious administration, which was right in rhetoric but ultimately came up short in meaningful action. The new administration and the new Congress ushers in a new era of opportunities with regard to U.S. policy toward the Asia Pacific. But despite the political changes in Washington, U.S. policy imperatives will remain the same. The Asia-Pacific region has been and will be crucial and critical to U.S. economic and national security interests for generations to come. By 2050, experts estimate that Asia will account for over half of the global population and half of the world’s gross domestic product. We cannot ignore the fundamental fact that this region is critical for the U.S. economy to grow and to create jobs through export opportunities. Last week, I held a committee hearing with Ambassador Bob Gallucci, former Am-bassador to South Korea, and Congress-man Randy Forbes, from Virginia, who was the chairman of some key commit-tees as they dealt with Asia and our naval forces. In Congressman Forbes’ testimony, he also expressed the importance of this region, the Asia Pacific, in these terms: In the coming decades, this is the region where the largest armies in the world will camp. This is the region where the most powerful navies in the world will gather. This is the region where over one-half of the world’s com-merce will take place and two-thirds will travel. This is the region where a maritime superhighway—transporting good or bad things—linking the Indian subcontinent, Southeast Asia, Aus-tralia, Northeast Asia, and the United States begins. This is the region where five of America’s seven defense treaties are located. This is the region where two superpowers will compete to deter-mine which world order will prevail. This is the region where the seeds of conflict that could most engulf the world will probably be planted. This is why I am pursuing legislation called the Asia Reassurance Initiative Act, ARIA, a new approach that will put American interests first by reas-suring our allies, deterring our adver-saries, and securing U.S. leadership in the region for future generations. The ARIA will pursue three broad goals. First, it will strengthen U.S. security commitments to our allies and build partner capacity in the Asia Pacific to deter aggression, project power, and combat terrorism. To do so, the ARIA legislation will authorize funds to bol-ster U.S. military presence in the re-gion, grow partner nation maritime ca-pabilities to deter aggression in their territorial waters, and build new coun-terterrorism partner programs in Southeast Asia to combat the growing presence of ISIS and other terrorist or-ganizations. ARIA will also enshrine a policy of regularly enforcing U.S. freedom of navigation and overflight rights in the East and South China Seas. We will reaffirm our longstanding treaty alliances with Australia, South Korea, and Japan, and call for building new regional security partnerships. We will unequivocally back our ally Tai-wan, including authorizing new arms sales and providing for enhanced diplo-matic contacts with Taipei. Second, ARIA will promote diplo-matic engagement and securing U.S. market access in the Asia Pacific re-gion as essential elements for the fu-ture growth of the U.S. economy and success of American businesses. To do so, ARIA will also require that the Trump administration find new and in-novative ways to economically engage the region. We will require the U.S. Government to enhance our trade fa-cilitation efforts and increase opportu-nities for U.S. businesses to find new export markets in the Asia Pacific. U.S.-made exports to Asia will mean more good-paying American jobs at home, which is a great situation for this country. Third, it will enshrine promotion of democracy, human rights, and trans-parency as key U.S. policy objectives in the Asia Pacific region, particularly in Southeast Asia. From Manila to Rangoon, we should advocate for prin-cipled policies that emphasize account-ability and transparency as indispen-sable elements of building any security or economic partnerships with the United States. To inform this initiative, I have met with numerous key stakeholders in Congress and the administration. I am also holding a series of hearings in my subcommittee, the first of which took place last week. I look forward to working with the Congress and all of our colleagues as we work to advance this initiative. I welcome the input of my colleagues as well. There is no doubt that the rise of China over the last 30-plus years has been remarkable. China has lifted 500 million people from poverty since Pre-mier Deng Xiaoping began his eco-nomic reforms in 1979, and it is now the second largest economy in the world. In that time, our relationship with China has emerged as perhaps the world’s most important bilateral rela-tionship, both from an economic and security perspective. I believe that a mature, productive, and peaceful relationship with Beijing is in the national security and eco-nomic interests of the United States. For both nations, the importance of this relationship can make a signifi-cant difference for the world. While the United States can and should seek to engage China, we must do so with a clear vision of what we want from Beijing, not just over the next 4 years but also over the next 40 years. So it is my sincere hope that President Trump leads with this sense of strategy and purpose when he meets President Xi later this week. I know my colleague from Ohio has joined us, so I again want to express my appreciation to my colleague from Ohio for his leadership on a number of issues, including the opiate epidemic that has struck so many of our commu-nities and States. It is so terrifying. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to thank my colleague from Colorado. He does chair a subcommittee that I am a part of. We had a great hearing last week, talking about China and the South China Sea issues, as he men-tioned. We did talk about North Korea and the need for this summit between President Xi and President Trump to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.022 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2172 April 3, 2017 
include a discussion of how China could be more constructive, including the possibility of additional sanctions on North Korea to try to get some sort of pressure on the North Koreans to do the right thing and back off their nu-clear program. We also talked about trade. To level the playing field, we need trade, par-ticularly allowing U.S. companies to have the ability to do what Chinese companies can do here in this country. And my colleague talked a little about that this evening. I will say—because he mentioned the issue of opioids—there is another topic that I hope President Trump will raise with President Xi, and that is this issue of synthetic heroin being pro-duced in China, which actually comes into our communities. In Denver, CO, or in Columbus, OH, we have through the mail system these poisons coming in, synthetic heroin coming through the mail from China. We are told by law enforcement offi-cials that most of these laboratories are in China. These are evil scientists in China who are making this incred-ibly potent, dangerous drug. It is 30 to 50 times more powerful than heroin. Three flakes of it can kill you. They are putting it into packages and send-ing it into our communities through the mail. It is a topic that I hope comes up—in addition to the very important ones that my colleague has raised and we talked about in the hearing last week— which is: How do you get China to ac-tually crack down on these labora-tories? And how do you get them to schedule these drugs so that they are illegal in China, to ensure the inputs into the laboratories and the final drug itself? By the way, the Chinese should have a strong interest in this because, I will guarantee you, there are people in China who are also becoming addicted to opioids because of this inexpensive, incredibly dangerous synthetic heroin that is being promoted by these Chi-nese scientists. My hope is that this will be a suc-cessful summit and among the very im-portant issues raised is this opioid issue, which is so important to our communities. 
f 
THE ‘‘DELTA QUEEN’’ Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I also wanted to talk briefly, if I could, about the legislation we just passed, S. 89. It has to do with the Delta Queen. The Delta Queen is a wooden ship that is very important to my community of Cincinnati. It is part of our Queen City heritage. The boat was actually in Cincinnati during my childhood. From 1946 until 1985, it called Cincinnati home. It is a beautiful paddle wheeler, and people love to get on it and go down the Mis-sissippi River. It is no longer docked in Cincinnati, which is why the folks in Missouri were interested in this legislation tonight too. We just had a big vote, over 80 votes in favor of simply saying, for the first time since 2008: Let’s allow people to spend the night on this boat and go overnight on this boat, despite the fact that there is legislation called the 1966 Safety at Sea law, which prohibits wooden boats of a certain size from carrying overnight passengers. Let’s make an exception here because the Delta Queen is willing to undergo the kind of renovations that are necessary to make it safe. It also requires new safety requirements for the Delta Queen going forward. So I really appreciate the fact this vote was taken tonight. It is about a treasured part of our history. It is also about the economy because it will produce tourism and economic ad-vancements all along the river every-where the river stops, including in my hometown of Cincinnati. We are going to welcome the Delta Queen back if this legislation can be enacted into law. It is now going over to the House. It is in committee there. We hope that the House will do as the Senate did to-night and pass this legislation. This is my button. It says ‘‘Save the Delta Queen,’’ which I am not going to wear on the floor of the Senate because of the rules. It doesn’t mean I don’t care. I thank my colleagues tonight for helping us to be able to get this legisla-tion through. f 
NOMINATION OF ELAINE DUKE Mr. PORTMAN. Mr. President, I want to talk briefly about a nomination that is coming before us this week. This is for Elaine Duke to be the Deputy Homeland Security Secretary. This is an incredibly important job. Some of you remember the Homeland Security Department was made up of about 23 different departments and agencies coming together. It is a huge management challenge. The key job of the Deputy Secretary is to try to man-age all of that. We are very fortunate that Elaine Duke is willing to step forward and take on this responsibility. My hope is that we will have a bipartisan vote here on the floor of the Senate for her confirmation and that we do it quickly this week because they need her there. She came before our Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs last month. We had a very pro-ductive hearing. I had the honor of in-troducing her to the committee be-cause she has Ohio roots. We are very proud of those Ohio roots. She has had a long, distinguished ca-reer all across the country in the Fed-eral Government, but she still calls Ohio home, and much of her family continues to reside in Ohio. Her dad, Frank Costanzo, is a first-generation American who still lives in Cleveland, OH. I have also known her uncle, Dominick Costanzo, for over 25 years. He is a friend and a neighbor. Boy, he is very proud of his niece, as is her whole family. This family has instilled in her a midwestern work ethic that you see in the great work she has done for the Federal Government over the past 28 years. She has worked as a senior member of various administrations. We are really fortunate that she is willing to now continue to serve. She started her career as a GS–7 con-tract specialist for the U.S. Air Force. Over the next 28 years, she assumed bigger and bigger responsibilities in the Air Force, the Navy, the Federal Railroad Administration, the Smithso-nian, and finally, the Department of Homeland Security. In 2008, she was confirmed unani-mously by this Senate to serve as the Under Secretary for Management at DHS. In this latest role, she, of course, was a key member of the DHS leader-ship team for both Secretary Chertoff and Secretary Napolitano, and they strongly support her. She has earned a reputation for being an expert on issues of contracting, on acquisitions, on procurement, on prop-erty management, on organizational change, and on human resources. All of these, as I said earlier, are key issues right now at the Department of Home-land Security, so she will help it to be managed better, which will protect all of us. Serving in these administrations— both Republican and Democrat—she did earn the respect of folks from both sides of the aisle. I find it interesting that all five previously confirmed DHS Deputy Secretaries have unanimously and strongly recommended her con-firmation—all five of the previously confirmed ones. They said in their let-ter: 
Elaine is extraordinarily well-qualified to serve in the position for which she has now been nominated. . . . Elaine knows DHS. She has been a senior leader at DHS under two presidents. She sets an unwavering standard of excellence for all who consider themselves committed to public service. 
I look forward to having this vote. I hope we will have resounding support on a bipartisan basis for the nomina-tion. Secretary Kelly is doing a good job. General Kelly has an incredibly distin-guished career. We are fortunate that he has stepped up as Secretary also. He needs her. He needs his deputy in place to help him run the Department, and the men and women serving in DHS today need her on the job. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
MAIN STREET FAIRNESS ACT Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, I wish to speak in support of the Main Street Fairness Act, which will help to create tax parity for passthrough companies, the significant majority of which are small businesses. I was very pleased to be joined by my friend and colleague from Florida, Senator N
ELSON , in in-troducing this bipartisan bill. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.023 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2173 April 3, 2017 
Small businesses are our Nation’s job creators. According to the Small Busi-ness Administration, small businesses employ more than half of all workers and have generated two-out-of-three net new jobs since the 1970s. Small businesses also make an out-sized contribution to our Nation’s economy, generating half of our Na-tion’s GDP, 54 percent of all U.S. sales, 41 percent of private sector payroll, and one-third of our Nation’s export value. Their success is critical to the health of our economy. Unfortunately, our Nation’s small businesses face a higher tax burden that affects their ability to compete with large firms in the marketplace. In fact, a recent survey by the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, found that concerns about Fed-eral taxes on business income ranked third on the list of the top 10 problems facing small businesses. Nearly all of our Nation’s small busi-nesses are organized as passthroughs, meaning that their profits are passed on to their owners and reported on in-dividual income tax returns. This means that small business income is subject to taxation at individual rates, which can be as high as 39.6 percent at the Federal level and can exceed 50 per-cent in some States. If we want our small businesses to grow and create jobs, we must reduce these high mar-ginal rates. I believe Congress should undertake comprehensive tax reform to make our Tax Code simpler, fairer, and more progrowth. As we do so, we must make sure American businesses of every size are given the opportunity to compete. Aligning the tax rate for passthroughs with our corporate tax rate will ensure small businesses are not left behind. That is why Senator N
ELSON and I in-troduced the Main Street Fairness Act, which will link the tax rates of pass-through entities and large corpora-tions, to ensure that small businesses never pay a higher tax rate than large companies. This simple change will help make sure that small businesses remain healthy and strong, so they can con-tinue to serve as our Nation’s job cre-ators, as they have for so many years. I would note that the Main Street Fair-ness Act has been endorsed by the NFIB, the leading voice for America’s small businesses, and I urge my col-leagues to join us in supporting it. I ask unanimous consent to have a letter of endorsement from the NFIB printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
NATIONAL FEDERATION OF  I
NDEPENDENT BUSINESS , Washington, DC, April 3, 2017. Hon. S
USAN COLLINS , U.S. Senate, Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. Hon. B
ILLNELSON , U.S. Senate, Hart Senate Office Building, Washington, DC. D
EAR SENATORS COLLINS AND NELSON : On behalf of the National Federation of Inde-pendent Business (NFIB), the nation’s lead-ing small business advocacy organization, we write in strong support of S. 707—The Main Street Fairness Act. This legislation would reduce taxes on pass-through businesses and make them more competitive, and ensure that all businesses, large and small alike, compete on a level playing field going for-ward. The vast majority of small businesses are organized as pass-through entities, which pay tax on business income at the individual tax rates, which are currently as high as 39.6 percent, and not at the corporate tax rate, which is currently as high as 35 percent. Such entities include any company orga-nized as a sole proprietorship, partnership, LLC, or S-Corporation. The Main Street Fairness Act would ensure that those pass- through businesses never pay a higher tax rate than businesses organized as C-Corpora-tions, and immediately reduce the tax rate on pass-through businesses currently paying more than 35 percent. Small businesses are the major source of growth and job creation in our economy. In fact, according to the Small Business Admin-istration (SBA), small businesses account for 64 percent of the net new private sector jobs created in America and make up 99.7 percent of U.S. employer firms. The high tax burden currently facing small businesses holds back investments, growth, hiring, and entrepre-neurship. One in five small businesses strug-gles with cash-flow, which is needed to not only run their businesses but also support their families. Specifically, after-tax income is an especially important source of capital for small businesses. High tax rates mean less money that small business owners have to reinvest back into their business. Because of this, small businesses strongly support tax reform that simplifies the tax code, lowers tax rates on businesses, and pro-motes economic growth. The Main Street Fairness Act will help ensure that all busi-nesses, regardless of how they organize, enjoy the benefits of any reduction in tax rates that would be included in tax reform. We appreciate your continued leadership on this key issue and look forward to working with you as Congress considers tax reform. Sincerely, JUANITA D. D UGGAN , President & CEO. 
Mr. NELSON. Mr. President, today I want to join my friend S
USAN COLLINS  and talk about why I support the Main Street Fairness Act. I am glad to part-ner on this bill with the Senator from Maine. The bill does one simple thing: It en-sures small businesses don’t have to pay higher taxes than the largest cor-porations. This is the type of common sense that we need more of in Wash-ington. There are 2.3 million small businesses in Florida, employing around 43.2 per-cent of the State’s workforce. They are the primary engine of job growth in the country, and are a proven means for economic mobility. Under most circumstances, small businesses are subject to the same rules as large corporations but are treated differently under the Tax Code. They already have a hard enough time competing with large multinational corporations, which can hire an endless stream of high-priced tax lawyers to shift their income abroad and avoid U.S. taxes. We should be doing all we can to put small businesses on a more level play-ing field. Part of that starts with this bill, but it doesn’t end here. We need to do comprehensive tax reform. This bill should be part of that con-versation, as one way we could help small businesses. It is not the only way, and I am certainly open to other ideas, but we need to have a serious talk about how we are going to freshen up the Tax Code and help the economy grow. I know a lot of my colleagues have different ideas about what tax reform should look like, but I think we should all be able to agree that it needs to be real reform, not just a temporary tax cut. It needs to support a technology- driven economy and help us transition to a greener, fairer economy—with a lot less disparity. Tax reform should also generate enough added revenue to pay for the in-frastructure we desperately need. That includes the crumbling roads and bridges that threaten the safety of mil-lions of Americans and are a tax on small businesses. We also need to in-vest in our water infrastructure, en-ergy infrastructure, ports, railways, public schools, and affordable housing infrastructure. At the same time, tax reform needs to be deficit neutral. You might ask, how are we going to pay for all this? Well, we can start by getting rid of outdated special interest tax breaks that are no longer needed or don’t make sense in the 21st century. We can also eliminate tax loopholes that allow companies to shift profits abroad and lead to corporate inver-sions. This bill, the Main Street Fairness Act, is a good start, but it shouldn’t end here. We need to have a serious, de-liberative effort to develop a bipartisan tax reform package. f 
TRIBUTE TO WAYNE KINNEY Mr. WYDEN. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the retirement of my friend Wayne Kinney. Wayne is retiring as my central Or-egon field representative after more than two decades of outstanding serv-ice to our State—and more specifically serving at one point or another the residents of Baker, Crook, Deschutes, Gilliam, Grant, Harney, Hood River, Jefferson, Klamath, Lake, Malheur, Morrow, Sherman, Umatilla, Union, Wallowa, Wheeler, and Wasco Counties. Suffice to say, Wayne knows every-one, and most of those folks could spend hours recounting their own tales of this quintessential public servant. Simply put, he will be deeply missed. But before Wayne takes his well-de-served retirement to his native New England—where he can be nearer to family and maintain closer supervision of his beloved Boston Red Sox and New England Patriots—I want to share my personal appreciation for this exem-plary public servant, all-around good guy, and wonderfully avuncular cur-mudgeon. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP6.018 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2174 April 3, 2017 
Wayne can forever lay claim to a sig-nificant piece of Oregon history. He opened Oregon’s first Senate field of-fice east of the Cascades shortly after I first took office in 1996. Wayne opened and ran my eastern Oregon office in La Grande before mov-ing to Bend. In his service to Oregonians, he has put more miles than anybody I know on Oregon roads, at all hours, in all kinds of weather, to towns where there often are more cows than people. Wayne’s fierce sense of loyalty and commitment to public service has driv-en him to cover all the ground he has over the years from Wasco to Wagontire, Ontario to Olene, Joseph to John Day, Bend to Burns, Madras to Mitchell, and all points in between. That loyalty extends to the rural communities he serves and the Orego-nians in those communities who might not otherwise have a voice. Wayne always keeps the door open for cattlemen, farmers, and countless others who often feel the government is removed from their struggles. It is Wayne’s ability to reach out and make connections with all of those folks that played such a large part in ensuring ‘‘every nook and cranny’’ in Oregon gets a voice. Wayne is not just a champion in gen-eral for rural Oregon communities. He has also proven to be an able advocate for creating opportunities for rural women that allows them to bring their voices into statewide discussions. Let me tell a couple of anecdotes about Wayne to provide a glimpse into this wonderful character—and all that he has meant to Oregon. For my colleagues who have not been to central and eastern Oregon, I would only note that the distances between towns can be great, but Wayne never let those long drives be a roadblock. In fact, his goal was to be anywhere and everywhere. He achieved that goal by—I believe in his words—making sure that, if anybody was so much as dedicating a new soda machine, he would be there to put in the first dol-lar. Just as great at times as the chal-lenges of distance in his area are the weather challenges. Again, Wayne never let that be a roadblock. I remember well flying into rural Condon, OR, for a townhall in the snow, and who should I see with the local police chief sweeping the runway of snow? Wayne. It has been said by some that there is an unbridgeable urban-rural divide in Oregon. I know from more than 800 townhalls in every part of Oregon, that is untrue. In fact, I have come to use the term ‘‘the Oregon way’’ to describe how it is in our State’s DNA to put aside par-tisanship in favor of civil conversations to find the best solutions. Among the many tributes in recent days in Oregon to my friend, I was struck by something I read about Wayne that captures how he ‘‘lived and breathed’’ the Oregon way. On Wayne’s Facebook page recently, a Republican posted this powerful praise: ‘‘Had lunch today with a good friend. Politically, Wayne and I are polar opposites. He is a Democrat, an officer with the Oregon Democratic Party and staff member with Senator Wyden, and I have served on the Execu-tive Committee of the Oregon Repub-lican Party, as well as County Central Committee Chairman. Over the years, we have had some great discussions, even disagreements about some very important issues, but we have handled our disagreements respectfully and re-mained friends. Wayne has announced his retirement and is also leaving our great state to move back east so he can be near family. The Oregon Democrats, and Senator Wyden are losing a tre-mendous asset, and a great leader of their Party.’’ Oregon truly is losing a tremendous asset, and so am I. I will miss Wayne tremendously, but I take heart that his work will live on in the issues he has resolved for Oregon and the relationships he has deepened among Oregonians. As Wayne begins his well-earned re-tirement, he has my eternal gratitude, and he has Oregon’s. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Ms. Ridgway, one of his secretaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGE 
REPORT RELATIVE TO PRIN-CIPLES FOR REFORMING THE MILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE PROCESS—PM 5 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Armed Services: To the Congress of the United States: I transmit herewith Principles for Reforming the Military Selective Serv-ice Process, in accordance with section 555 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), which calls for the Presi-dent to establish principles for reform of the military selective service proc-ess in support of the National Commis-sion on Military, National, and Public Service. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , April 3, 2017. 
f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1161. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Wireline Competition Bureau, Fed-eral Communications Commission, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Connect America Fund; Universal Service Reform—Mobility Fund’’ ((WC Dock-et No. 10–90, WT Docket No. 10–208) (FCC 17– 11)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–1162. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Section 73.202(b), FM Table of Allot-ments, FM Broadcast Stations (Mullin, Texas)’’ ((MB Docket No. 16–362) (DA 17–237)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1163. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Functional Design, Quali-fication, and Inservice Testing Programs for Pumps, Valves, and Dynamic Restraints’’ (NUREG–0800, Section 3.9.6) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–1164. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Control Rod Drive Systems’’ (NUREG–0800, Section 3.9.4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Committee on Environ-ment and Public Works. EC–1165. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Dynamic Testing and Anal-ysis of Systems, Structures, and Compo-nents’’ (NUREG–0800, Section 3.9.2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–1166. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of New Reactors, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Reactor Pressure Vessel Internals’’ (NUREG–0800, Section 3.9.5) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1167. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Nuclear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regulatory Commis-sion, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Evaluation by the Office of Nuclear Reactor Regulation Li-cense Renewal Appendix A for ‘BWRVIP–241: BWR Vessel and Internals Project, Prob-abilistic Fracture Mechanics Evaluation for the Boiling Water Reactor Nozzle-to-Vessel Shell Welds and Nozzle Blend Radii,’ and ‘BWRVIP–108NP: BWR Vessel and Internals Project, Technical Basis for the Reduction of Inspection Requirements for the Boiling Water Reactor Nozzle-to-Vessel Shell Weld and Nozzle Blend’ Project No. 704’’ (BWRVIP–241, appendix A and BWRVIP– 108NP) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on March 29, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1168. A communication from the Chair-man of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Corporation’s fiscal year 2016 report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:33 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G03AP6.013 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2175 April 3, 2017 
EC–1169. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, Government Accountability Of-fice, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Of-fice’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act); to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1170. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘Internal Control Weaknesses Found in Marion S. Barry Summer Youth Employment Pro-gram’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–1171. A communication from the Dis-trict of Columbia Auditor, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report entitled, ‘‘DCHD Should Improve Management of the Housing Production Trust Fund to Better Meet Af-fordable Housing Goals’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an As-sociate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Dep-uty Attorney General. Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. LEE (for himself, Mr. A LEX-
ANDER , Mr. B LUNT , Mrs. C APITO , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. C RAPO , Mr. C
RUZ, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. H ATCH , Mr. J
OHNSON , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. M CCON-
NELL , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. S COTT, Mr. T OOMEY , Mr. U
DALL , and Mr. W ICKER ): S. 801. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to provide compen-satory time for employees in the private sec-tor; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. B
OOK-
ER, Mr. P ORTMAN , Mr. M ENENDEZ , Mr. G
RAHAM , and Mr. S COTT): S. 802. A bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal in honor of Lawrence Eugene ‘‘Larry’’ Doby in recognition of his achievements and contributions to American major league ath-letics, civil rights, and the Armed Forces during World War II; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 803. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to deny tax deductions for corporate regulatory violations; to the Com-mittee on Finance. By Mr. HELLER (for himself and Mrs. M
URRAY ): S. 804. A bill to improve the provision of health care for women veterans by the De-partment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. SANDERS: S. 805. A bill to impose a tax on certain trading transactions to invest in our families and communities, improve our infrastruc-ture and our environment, strengthen our fi-nancial security, expand opportunity and re-duce market volatility; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. SANDERS (for himself, Ms. HARRIS , Ms. W ARREN , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M URPHY , and Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ): S. 806. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act to ensure College for All; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. K AINE, Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ): S. Res. 108. A resolution reaffirming the commitment of the United States to the United States-Egypt partnership; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 89 
At the request of Mrs. M CCASKILL , the name of the Senator from Lou-isiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 89, a bill to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant ma-terials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not con-structed of fire-retardant materials and for other purposes. 
S. 175 
At the request of Mr. M ANCHIN , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 175, a bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to transfer certain funds to the Multiemployer Health Benefit Plan and the 1974 United Mine Workers of America Pension Plan, and for other purposes. 
S. 178 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Pennsyl-vania (Mr. C
ASEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 178, a bill to prevent elder abuse and exploitation and improve the justice system’s response to victims in elder abuse and exploitation cases. 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. R
ISCH) was added as a cosponsor of S. 198, a bill to require continued and en-hanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic in-cidents in Europe, the safety and secu-rity of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with European governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. S. 324 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement for reduction of survivor annuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and indemnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 382 
At the request of Mr. M ENENDEZ , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ), the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) and the Senator from Maryland (Mr. C
ARDIN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 382, a bill to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a vol-untary registry to collect data on can-cer incidence among firefighters. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ONNELLY ) and the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 407, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to per-manently extend the railroad track maintenance credit. 
S. 413 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 413, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to prohibit pre-scription drug plan sponsors and MA– PD organizations under the Medicare program from retroactively reducing payment on clean claims submitted by pharmacies. 
S. 430 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 430, a bill to provide for com-pliance enforcement regarding Russian violations of the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, and for other purposes. 
S. 445 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 445, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to en-sure more timely access to home health services for Medicare bene-ficiaries under the Medicare program. 
S. 473 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Washington 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP6.004 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2176 April 3, 2017 
(Mrs. M URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 473, a bill the amend title 38, United States Code, to make qualifica-tion requirements for entitlement to Post-9/11 Education Assistance more equitable, to improve support of vet-erans receiving such educational as-sistance, and for other purposes. 
S. 540 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 540, a bill to limit the au-thority of States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States. 
S. 544 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 544, a bill to amend Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 583 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Missouri (Mr. B
LUNT ), the Senator from Dela-ware (Mr. C
OONS ), the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
OTTON ), the Senator from North Dakota (Ms. H
EITKAMP ), the Sen-ator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ) and the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 583, a bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize COPS grantees to use grant funds to hire vet-erans as career law enforcement offi-cers, and for other purposes. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act to fa-cilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 616 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 616, a bill to amend sec-tion 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 to include the Secretary of Agri-culture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services as members of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and to require the Committee to consider the security of the food and agriculture systems of the United States as a factor to be consid-ered when determining to take action with respect to foreign investment, and for other purposes. 
S. 623 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 623, a bill to enhance the transparency and accelerate the im-pact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to pro-mote quality basic education in devel-oping countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic education and im-proved learning outcomes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. S. 655 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 655, a bill to exempt certain 16- and 17- year-old individuals employed in log-ging operations from child labor laws. 
S. 681 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 681, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the benefits and services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs to women veterans, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 692 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 692, a bill to provide for integrated plan permits, to establish an Office of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capa-bility guidance. 
S. 733 
At the request of Ms. M URKOWSKI , the name of the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 733, a bill to protect and enhance opportunities for recreational hunting, fishing, and shooting, and for other purposes. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Maine (Ms. C
OLLINS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a Na-tional Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
S. 774 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) and the Senator from Hawaii (Mr. S
CHATZ ) were added as cosponsors of S. 774, a bill to address the psychological, developmental, so-cial, and emotional needs of children, youth, and families who have experi-enced trauma, and for other purposes. 
S. 792 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 792, a bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to establish an H– 2B temporary non-agricultural work visa program, and for other purposes. 
S. 796 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 796, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the exclusion for employer-provided education assistance to employer pay-ments of student loans. S.J. RES. 11 
At the request of Mr. B ARRASSO , the name of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. T
ILLIS ) was added as a co-sponsor of S.J. Res. 11, a joint resolu-tion providing for congressional dis-approval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relat-ing to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’. 
S. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the names of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Wis-consin (Mr. J
OHNSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. Res. 54, a resolution ex-pressing the unwavering commitment of the United States to the North At-lantic Treaty Organization. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. G
RASSLEY ): S. 803. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to deny tax de-ductions for corporate regulatory vio-lations; to the Committee on Finance. Mr. REED. Mr. President, today I am reintroducing, along with Senator G
RASSLEY , the Government Settlement Transparency and Reform Act. This bill closes a loophole in the Tax Code that allows corporations to claim tax writeoffs for payments made at the di-rection of the government to settle in-vestigations into illegal and abusive corporate behavior. Corporations accused of illegal activ-ity routinely settle out of court with government agencies because it allows all parties to avoid the time, expense, and uncertainty of going to trial. While there is nothing wrong with settle-ments that correct wrongful corporate practices and compensate for the re-sulting harm caused by a corporation, the Tax Code often permits offending companies to claim a business tax de-duction for any portion of a settlement that is not paid directly to the govern-ment as a penalty or fine for a viola-tion of the law. The Tax Code on this point is vague, and big businesses ex-ploit this by characterizing settlement penalties as tax-deductible business ex-penses. Illegal corporate behavior is not an ordinary business activity, and it shouldn’t be subsidized by taxpayers. Yet, according to a 2015 study by U.S. Public Interest Research Group, PIRG, corporate settlements over a single 3- year period totaled nearly $80 billion, and corporations could claim business deductions for at least $48 billion of that amount. Moreover, there is no consistent, transparent way to track how these settlements can and will be treated by businesses for tax purposes. The Reed-Grassley bill addresses these problems by amending the Tax 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP6.010 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S2177 April 3, 2017 
Code to require the government and the settling party to reach clear agree-ments on how settlement payments should be treated for tax purposes. It also clarifies which settlement pay-ments are punitive and therefore non-deductible. It increases transparency by requiring the government to file a return at the time of settlement that accurately states the tax treatment of amounts to be paid by offending busi-nesses. Last Congress, it was estimated that this legislation would raise $218 million in revenue over a ten-year budget window. When a major corporate scandal breaks national news, Rhode Islanders and all Americans deserve to know that Federal regulators are protecting their interests by handing down pun-ishments that deter future illegal and abusive business practices. That deter-rent effect is undermined if corpora-tions can claim a deduction for any penalty and build the cost of breaking the law into their business models. I want to thank Senator G
RASSLEY  for working with me again on this leg-islation and for being a champion for reform in this area. I urge our col-leagues to join us by cosponsoring this legislation and seeking its passage. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 108—RE-AFFIRMING THE COMMITMENT OF THE UNITED STATES TO THE UNITED STATES-EGYPT PART-NERSHIP Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. R
UBIO, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. Y OUNG , and Mr. M ENEN -
DEZ) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 108 Whereas after almost four decades of close cooperation, the United States-Egypt part-nership has been built on shared objectives and interests with enduring bipartisan sup-port in Congress; Whereas the Government and people of Egypt play a critical role in global and re-gional politics; Whereas the United States-Egypt partner-ship is vital for the peace, stability, and prosperity of the Middle East; Whereas Egypt has been an intellectual and cultural center of the Arab world, and continues to be an important country based on its geography, demography, and historic leadership role; Whereas Egypt remains one of the top re-cipients of United States foreign assistance worldwide, having received $77,000,000,000 in bilateral foreign aid from the United States, including $1,300,000,000 per year in military aid; Whereas Egypt’s 1979 peace treaty with Israel remains one of the most significant diplomatic achievements for the promotion of Arab-Israeli peace; Whereas for almost forty years, Egypt, Israel, and the United States have collabo-rated to counter terrorism, prevent illicit smuggling, and enhance regional stability; Whereas the United States has welcomed Egypt’s participation in the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS; Whereas Egypt and the United States held a Strategic Dialogue in Cairo, Egypt on Au-gust 2, 2015, based on the shared commitment to deepen the bilateral relationship; Whereas Egypt can play an important role in facilitating negotiated settlements to end the conflicts in Libya, Syria, and Yemen, re-starting the Middle East Peace Process, and defeating ISIS; Whereas the Egyptian people continue to be the victims of heinous terrorist attacks, including the December 11, 2016, ISIS bomb-ing of the Saint Mark’s Coptic Orthodox Ca-thedral, which killed 28 people including women and children; Whereas the Government of Egypt reached an agreement with the International Mone-tary Fund in November 2016 to take impor-tant steps toward economic stabilization, such as liberalizing its foreign exchange sys-tem and reducing costly fuel subsidies; Whereas President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, in a televised interview on September 16, 2016, said that he is very committed to preserving human rights in Egypt and that Egypt will not return to tyranny; Whereas the Department of State’s 2016 Country Reports on Human Rights Practices notes, with respect to Egypt, that— (1) ‘‘[t]he most significant human rights problems were excessive use of force by secu-rity forces, deficiencies in due process, and the suppression of civil liberties’’; (2) ‘‘[t]here were numerous reports that the government [of Egypt] or its agents com-mitted arbitrary or unlawful killings while making arrests or holding persons in cus-tody’’; (3) ‘‘[c]onditions in the prisons and deten-tion centers were harsh and potentially life- threatening due to overcrowding, physical abuse, inadequate medical care, poor infra-structure, and poor ventilation’’; and (4) ‘‘[s]everal international and local human rights groups . . . reported a spike in enforced disappearances [in Egypt], alleging authorities increasingly relied on this tactic to intimidate critics’’; Whereas credible local organizations esti-mate that thousands of people are detained solely for political reasons in Egypt, includ-ing for peacefully protesting or calling for a change in government; Whereas in March 2017, President el-Sisi pardoned 203 prisoners many of whom had been jailed for taking part in protests; Whereas United States citizen Aya Hijazi, her husband Mohammed Hassanein, and other members of the Belady Foundation have been unjustly imprisoned in Egypt since May 2014; Whereas the Parliament of Egypt’s passage of legislation restricting the work of non-governmental organizations undermines Egypt’s stated commitment to protecting constitutionally guaranteed rights and to furthering Egypt’s democratic transition; Whereas the media is regularly harassed by Egyptian authorities and Egypt was the world’s third-highest jailer of journalists in 2016, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists; Whereas respect for democracy, inclusive governance, human rights, and civil liberties have been core pillars of United States for-eign policy since at least the 1970s; Whereas Egypt will ensure its security, economic prosperity, and transition to de-mocracy by protecting the constitutionally guaranteed rights of all Egyptians; Whereas the last official visit to the United States by an Egyptian head of state was in August 2009; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) welcomes Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to the United States; (2) expresses hope that President el-Sisi’s visit will open a new chapter in United States-Egyptian relations as both sides pledge to work toward greater cooperation based on shared interests and values; (3) acknowledges the central and historic importance of the United States-Egypt part-nership in advancing the common interests of both countries; (4) hopes that President el-Sisi will high-light in public statements the value of ties between the United States and Egypt; (5) recognizes that Egypt faces legitimate security threats and expresses condolences for the loss of life suffered by the Egyptian people in attacks by violent extremist orga-nizations; (6) stands with the Egyptian people as they confront violent extremism and threats on land and sea borders; (7) appreciates Egypt’s regional role as a partner and mediator; (8) recognizes the necessity for Egypt’s leaders to take steps toward genuine polit-ical reform that prioritizes human rights, fundamental freedoms, and the rule of law; (9) demands the immediate release of un-justly imprisoned American citizens, includ-ing Aya Hijazi, who has been detained in Egypt since May 2014 on unsubstantiated charges; (10) demands an immediate end to the har-assment and interference in the operations of independent civil society and media orga-nizations in Egypt, including the closure of Case 173 and the revision of Egypt’s non-governmental organization law in accord-ance with international best practices; (11) encourages the United States and Egypt to increase cooperation— (A) to combat terrorism in a manner con-sistent with international human rights law; (B) to promote principles of good govern-ance; and (C) to ensure respect for the universal rights of the Egyptian people; (12) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to support the Government of Egypt with assistance, training, and other resources as it combats terrorism, addresses security in the Sinai Peninsula, and en-hances Egypt’s border security and maritime security while recognizing the need to mon-itor security assistance to ensure account-ability and due process of law; (13) clarifies that any proposed restruc-turing of United States assistance to Egypt, which is subject to the approval of Congress, will take into account progress on meaning-ful political reform, human rights, and fun-damental freedoms; (14) congratulates the Egyptian govern-ment on their engagement with the Inter-national Monetary Fund and their difficult, but necessary, steps to stabilize the econ-omy; (15) supports Egypt’s economic reform ef-forts; (16) calls on the United States Government to develop a new strategy for joint efforts— (A) to bolster trade between the United States and Egypt and investment in the Egyptian private sector; (B) to combat corruption; and (C) to promote higher education; and (17) urges the President of the United States and the Secretary of State to engage the Egyptian Government on new ways to advance the bilateral relationship economi-cally, militarily, diplomatically, and through cultural exchanges, while ensuring respect for the universal rights of the Egyp-tian people. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP6.012 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES2178 April 3, 2017 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I have one request for a committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to Rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on April 3, 2017, at 10 a.m., in SH–216 of the Hart Senate Of-fice Building. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 2017 Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 4; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume executive session to consider the nomination of Elaine Duke, with the time until 12 noon equally divided in the usual form; further, that at 12 noon, the Senate vote on confirmation of the Duke nom-ination with no intervening action or debate; finally, that following the dis-position of the Duke nomination, the Senate recess until 2:15 p.m. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:02 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, April 4, 2017, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:41 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP6.013 S03APPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE419 April 3, 2017 
REMEMBERING DR. CHARLES L
EMAISTRE 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the late Dr. Charles LeMaistre after he passed away this January at 92. Charles was the president of The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center until 1996 when he retired. He was a charismatic physician and educator who focused much of his career on cancer prevention. Charles em-phasized the dangers of smoking and served on the first U.S. Surgeon General’s Advisory Committee on Smoking and Health. He was also the national president of the American Cancer Society. Ronald DePinho, the current president of MD Anderson, described Charles as ‘‘one of the giants of cancer medicine.’’ Charles’ legacy will live on and continue to save lives. His dedication to healthcare inno-vation will be greatly missed. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, we mourn the loss of Dr. Charles LeMaistre. He truly was a beloved Texan. Our thoughts and prayers are with his family. 
f 
RECOGNIZING AND CONGRATU-LATING THE BATANGAS AND SOUTHERN TAGALOG ASSOCIA-TION OF GUAM ON ITS 40TH AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the contributions and achieve-ments of the Batangas and Southern Tagalog Association (BASTA) of Guam to the Guam community for the past forty years. The small organization was established on July 16, 1977 as the Batangas Association by Eddie Espina, Rey Gonzalves, Marcy Manipol, and Ronnie Saludo. Over the past forty years, the group has worked hard to fulfill its mission as a non- profit, civic club promoting friendship and un-derstanding among the Batanguenos commu-nity and other residents of Guam. The organization grew steadily over the years, and in 1984 the board opened its mem-bership to embrace Filipinos in the club from surrounding provinces and soon became the Batangas and Southern Tagalog Association. BASTA membership is now open to a wider group of people from various islands in the Philippines including Batangas, Cavite, La-guna, Rizal, Aurora, Quezon, Palawan, Mindoro Occidental, Mindoro Oriental, Marinduque, and Romblon. Members of BASTA have chosen to make Guam their home and have positively contributed to the growth of Guam as educators, nurses, entre-preneurs, skilled workers, engineers, and every other profession. Over BASTA’s forty years of service to Guam, the organization has contributed to many non-profit and charitable organizations. BASTA has given generously to causes such as the Guam Lytico-Bodig Association, Amer-ican Red Cross, Catholic Social Services, Make-A-Wish Foundation, Alee Shelter, Guam Diabetes Association, American Cancer Soci-ety and many others. BASTA also contributes to many causes in the Philippines during times of need and natural disaster, and supporting education efforts through the building and maintenance of school facilities. A unique feature of BASTA is the youth branch of the organization. The BASTA Youth are made up of the children and young rel-atives of its members and are active in car-rying out the mission of the organization. The BASTA Youth have raised funds to support the club through song and dance productions, which later morphed into what is now BASTA’s annual Christmas caroling fund-raising. BASTA has become a very popular group during the holiday season, performing their lively carols at venues across Guam to support their mission. I congratulate the Batangas and Southern Tagalog Association of Guam on the occasion of their 40th Anniversary of serving the people of Guam. I join the people of Guam in thank-ing them for their contributions to our island. f 
ERIN TORMEY, FARMER OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a special spirit that glides along the coast of San Mateo County throughout the year. Her name is Erin Tormey and she is being honored by the Half Moon Bay Chamber of Commerce as Farmer of the Year. For all the farmers who have been recognized, Erin Tormey is certainly an awardee who stands out. She is an exceptional leader, inspirational personality, and an outstanding business-woman. She is also deeply admired by all who know her, and for good reason. Erin is the founder of the Half Moon Bay Farmers Market and the Pacifica Farmers Market. Since 2002 in Half Moon Bay, and 2007 in Pacifica, Erin has orchestrated a nutri-tious public health extravaganza for coastal residents. Her market draws producers and shoppers from distant points to offer quality fruits and vegetables at reasonable prices to local residents and to visitors. By county standards, Erin Tormey is rel-atively new to agriculture, starting the Irish Ridge Ranch in 1996. She raises Heritage Layer hens and operates an apple orchard that grows Rare Pioneer and Heritage Apples. Once established, Erin branched out to estab-lish the farmers market and became active in community improvement through her advocacy for healthy farm products. She recognized that many families did not know about the benefits of fresh produce and vegetables. Working with the State of Cali-fornia, her market was selected to participate as a pilot site for MARKET WATCH, a pro-gram to encourage low income families and seniors to shop at farmers markets. The mar-ket promotes nutrition education and was a statewide leader in participating in the WIC program. Low income families of our coastal communities count on Erin and her fellow farmers to balance their diets and to help them maintain healthy eating habits. Erin’s dedication to the coastside extends beyond farming to education and to public en-gagement. She was the inaugural executive director of the Cabrillo Education Foundation. Imagine rising before the sun, harvesting eggs for the day, getting your children ready for school, and then raising your hand to raise money for their education. I note that she doesn’t rise with the sun. That would be too late. Erin Tormey challenges the sun to rise and to keep up with her while she powers through her day. In addition to her other accomplishments, Erin is a founding Director of the HEAL Project, an award-winning curriculum that teaches math and science through lessons drawn from agriculture. She is also a founding member of the San Mateo Food Systems Alli-ance. Among its many purposes, the group encourages gardens in schools to teach stu-dents about nutrition, cooperates with our local food bank, and encourages non-farmers to educate themselves about farming and its challenges. California’s agricultural leadership has rec-ognized Erin’s talents. She was appointed by the Secretary of Agriculture to a Direct Mar-keting Ad-hoc Committee, as an alternate, to help rework legislation governing certified Farmers Markets. She was also appointed to a 3-year term on the steering committee of the California Alliance of Certified Farmers Mar-kets. Finally, I know Erin well because we co-operate annually in producing one of the high points of the year for 700 seniors in San Mateo county and San Francisco: My annual Seniors on the Move conference held in San Mateo includes a segment to teach attendees about fresh food preparation and eating well to enhance their health and well-being. Erin’s cheerful face and enthusiastic promotion of fresh fruits and vegetables are the highlight of this day. Seniors run or walk as swiftly as pos-sible to where the free bags of fresh fruit and vegetables are dispensed. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Members of the House of Representatives to join me in hon-oring Erin Tormey on the occasion of her se-lection as Farmer of the Year. Her hens know her as the careful steward of their production but we know Erin as the thoughtful steward of our health and community spirit. May both her 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.001 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE420 April 3, 2017 
flock and we, her friends, neighbors and cus-tomers, thrive in the years ahead. 
f 
HONORING MICHAEL MAYFIELD 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a public servant, Mi-chael Mayfield. Mr. Mayfield has shown what can be done through tenacity, dedication and a desire to serve the City of Vicksburg. Mr. Mayfield is a graduate of the Vicksburg Public School System. He is also a graduate of Hinds Community College where he grad-uated with high honors in Basic Electronic and Electricity. He is also certified with the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency. Michael Mayfield was elected to the North Ward Alderman position in July 2005. Prior to this election, he served 10 years on the War-ren County Board of Supervisors as Super-visor of District 2. The North Ward Alderman represents the citizens of the northern district of Vicksburg. Mr. Mayfield is a member and deacon at the Mt. Zion No. 4 Baptist Church. He is a mem-ber of the Warren County Children Shelter, the Central Mississippi Planning and Development District and a member of the Steering Com-munity for Warren Yazoo Mental Health. Mr. Mayfield is the father of three children and has two grandchildren. He has been mar-ried to the former Bertha McCalpin for thirty- three years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Alderman Michael Mayfield for his services to the City of Vicksburg and War-ren County. 
f 
ASHLEY MEDINA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ashley Me-dina for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Ashley Medina is a 6th grader at Pinnacle Charter School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ashley Me-dina is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ash-ley Medina for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. HONORING ALEXANDRIA’S 67 VIET-NAM WAR FALLEN HEROES ON THE COMMONWEALTH OF VIR-GINIA’S WELCOME HOME VIET-NAM VETERANS DAY HON. DONALD S. BEYER, JR. 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to re-member and honor the 67 men from Alexan-dria who made the ultimate sacrifice in South-east Asia during the Vietnam War for our free-doms and liberties. Those men include forty- four Soldiers, fifteen Marines, five U.S. Air Force pilots and three Sailors. Their combat duty in Southeast Asia extended over an elev-en-year period from May 1962 to June 1973. Their heroism and meritorious service resulted in the award of: one Medal of Honor; one Navy Cross; five Silver Stars; five Distin-guished Flying Crosses; twenty-seven Bronze Star Medals; one Prisoner of War Medal; one Soldier’s Medal; fifty-one Purple Heart Medals; and forty-four Air Medals. Six families await the return of the remains of those who are still missing in action in a far-off land. All the families mourn the loss of their loved ones. Their fellow citizens salute these men for their service and honor their sacrifices. The names of all 67 men are on the Captain Rocky Versace Plaza and Vietnam Veterans Memorial located in Alexandria, VA. 
f 
MEMORIAL TRIBUTE TO LOIS WILLIAMS 
HON. ADAM B. SCHIFF 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. SCHIFF. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the memory of Lois Williams, of Bur-bank, California, who passed away on March 21, 2017. Lois Tuttle was born on February 25, 1921 in Kansas City, Missouri where she was raised with her brother Karl. In 1947, Lois married Bill Williams and they moved to California in 1951, settling in the Burbank area of southern Cali-fornia. With a passion for social justice, Lois was an ardent advocate for the rights of workers to organize and join in the democratic political process. A staunch defender of the union movement, she assisted in writing curriculum for teaching union history in schools, worked on labor law negotiations, and was a founding member of Citizens for Utility Rate Balance. Ms. Williams was Executive Secretary and Treasurer of the Council of the Engineers and Scientists Organization and an officer at the Engineers and Scientists Guild-Lockheed Sec-tion, where she helped advance many pro-gressive programs, and was an early pro-ponent of portable pensions, health care for all, conversion policy in the defense industry and child care in the workplace. Affiliated with the Democratic Party since she first voted for Harry Truman, Lois was ac-tive in many democratic organizations and clubs where she held leadership positions. She served as President of the Verdugo Hills Democratic Club, President of the MidValley Democratic Club, Regional Vice President and Chair of the Endorsements Committee of the California Democratic Council, a Steering Committee member of the Stonewall Demo-cratic Club, Secretary and Treasurer of the 43rd Assembly District Committee, and a member of Democrats for Neighborhood Ac-tion. In addition, Lois was a long-serving mem-ber of the California Democratic Party State Central Committee and the Los Angeles County Democratic Central Committee, and was a founding member of the 27th Congres-sional District Democratic Club. In 2012, Lois was honored with the Action Democrats of the San Fernando Valley’s Mimi and Lou Robins Distinguished Achievement Award. Preceded in death by her husband of 62 years, Bill Williams, Lois is survived by her daughter, Lyn Shaw and son-in-law, Jim Hilfenhaus. Lois was an irreplaceable part of the local community, and she will be greatly missed. I ask all members to join me in remembering Lois Williams. f 
IN HONOR OF SUPERIOR COURT JUDGE ALBERT H. MALDONADO 
HON. JIMMY PANETTA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Monterey County Superior Court Judge, Albert H. Maldonado for his 22 years of service in Monterey County courts. In 1969, Judge Maldonado received his bachelor’s degree from the University of Red-lands. In 1974, he earned his Juris Doctorate from the University of California, Boalt Hall School of Law in Berkeley. Prior to finishing law school, Judge Maldonado served the U.S. Army from 1970–1971 where he received a number of awards, including: the Bronze Star, Vietnam Service Medal, and the Vietnam Campaign Medal. In 1995, Judge Maldonado was appointed to the bench in the Municipal Court at the Mon-terey Judicial District, becoming the second Mexican-American to be appointed since 1836. In 2000, Judge Maldonado became a Superior Court Judge for the state of Cali-fornia. During his twenty-two years of service, Judge Maldonado worked to solve a range of social and legal issues on behalf of Monterey County, including drug treatment, criminal and civil mental health, and criminal matters. Judge Maldonado has been an exemplary figure for social change through the framework of public and legal service. A proud Mexican- American, Judge Maldonado is the first person of Mexican descent to be appointed to the bench by a California governor in 150 years. My congressional district is a heavily Mexican populated district, and Judge Maldonado’s mark in Monterey County’s legal field history will undoubtedly continue to be a seed of in-spiration for generations to come. As someone who has dedicated their career to public service, it is an honor to recognize Judge Albert Maldonado for his many years in the legal field and his unending efforts to cre-ate a positive impact for the lives in Monterey County. On behalf of California’s District 20, I would like to thank Judge Maldonado for the many years of service and positive involve-ment in our community, and wish him a won-derful retirement. There is no doubt that Judge 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.003 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE421 April 3, 2017 
Maldonado’s commitment to social justice in-side and outside the courtroom will continue to be an inspiration to us all. 
f 
BETSABE ABIGAIL TORRES 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Betsabe Abi-gail Torres for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Betsabe Abigail Torres is a student at Van-tage Point High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversi-ties. The dedication demonstrated by Betsabe Abigail Torres is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Betsabe Abigail Torres for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. GEORGE D. VERMEIRE 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. George D. Vermeire for his exem-plary medical care in Pennsylvania. In recogni-tion of his dedication and involvement in the osteopathic medical profession, Dr. Vermeire was named the 106th President of the Penn-sylvania Osteopathic Medical Association. Dr. Vermeire is a graduate of the University of Pittsburgh and later achieved his D.O. from the Philadelphia College of Osteopathic Medi-cine. He completed his postgraduate training at Zieger-Botsford Hospitals in Farmington Hills, Michigan, and he has served as a mem-ber of the board of trustees. Shortly thereafter, he was elected vice president and president- elect of the Association. He also serves as a delegate of the Pennsylvania Osteopathic Medical Association and the American Osteo-pathic Association. He has distinguished himself as a dedicated family physician and leader of the osteopathic profession, and I honor all of the work Dr. Vermeire accomplished in our community. I congratulate him on his installation as the 106th President of the Pennsylvania Osteo-pathic Medical Association, and wish him the best for a successful and rewarding tenure. SYLVIE MEI LIM’S ARTWORK SE-LECTED FOR NASA SPACE CAL-ENDAR HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sylvie Mei Lim of Katy, TX, for having her artwork selected by NASA’s Com-mercial Crew Program to be featured in a cal-endar. Fulfilling her dream of sending something to space, this sixth grade Katy Junior High stu-dent’s artwork will have the first spot in NASA’s Children’s Artwork Calendar for the month of January 2017. Her piece will be fea-tured alongside drawings from all over the world, such as Spain, Romania, India, Por-tugal and London. The calendar will be sent to space for astronauts to enjoy while in the International Space Station. Sylvie’s artwork will be the only one from Texas. Way to go. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sylvie for having her artwork selected for NASA’s Children’s Artwork Calendar. We are proud to have her artwork represent TX22 in space. 
f 
HONORING REVEREND ISIAC JACKSON, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Reverend Isiac Jack-son, Jr., who began his formal education at Rogers High School in Canton, Mississippi, re-ceiving his high school diploma in 1965. He attended Prentiss Junior College for two years and completed his undergraduate education at Alcorn State University where he attained a Bachelor of Sciences degree in Elementary Education in 1973. Before becoming a Minister of the Gospel, Rev. Jackson taught in the Canton Public School System for years. Other experiences consists of: working as Supervisor I, Madison County Food Stamp Office; Instructor at the Mississippi Baptist Seminary Extension and served for one year as Justice Court Judge, in Canton, Mississippi; Drug Coordinator for Can-ton Public School System; Moderator in the Madison Baptist Association; Executive Sec-retary of the General Missionary Baptist Con-vention of Mississippi, Inc., served as Presi-dent of the Mississippi Baptist Seminary and was elected President of the General Mis-sionary Baptist State Convention of Mis-sissippi, Inc. in the July 2010 session. Reverend Jackson is the Pastor of Liberty Missionary Baptist Church in Canton, MS. He is married to Ora Jackson and they have three children: Michal, Ghika (George), and Isiac, III. During Reverend Jackson’s struggle, he stated, ‘‘. . . And He said unto them, Go ye into the world, and preach the gospel to every creature. (St. Mark 16:15). ‘Every individual on God’s earth feels that they are in charge of their destiny and that they know what is best for them. God, being as mighty as He is, sometimes has other plans for us. Until our faith is accepted, there is often a constant struggle between God and man—with God being the victor.’ ’’ After his struggle was over, Reverend Jackson began his ministry in 1978. One of his favorite scriptures is: ‘‘Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth. (Timothy 2:15).’’ Reverend Jackson elected to further his knowledge in the teachings of the Almighty at the Reformed Theological Seminary in Jackson, Mississippi, where he received a Master of Divinity De-gree. Reverend Jackson received his Doctor of Ministry degree in May, 1999. His disserta-tion for the degree is entitled the ‘‘Discipling of Black Men Within the Local Church’’. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Reverend Isiac Jackson, Jr. f 
IN HONOR OF THE WESTERVILLE CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL BOYS BOWLING TEAM 
HON. PATRICK J. TIBERI 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize the Westerville Central High School Boys Bowling team for winning the Division I Boys Bowling Tournament. An achievement such as this certainly de-serves recognition. The Ohio High School Ath-letic Association has enabled talented teams and individuals to earn state titles since its founding in 1907. Throughout this time, the champions of OHSAA state level competitions have represented the most dedicated and ac-complished athletes in Ohio. Each year these elite competitors join the long ranks of those who embody Ohio’s proud history of athletic success. The Westerville Central Boys Bowling team’s victory caps a tremendous season. This sort of success is earned only through many hours of practice, perspiration and hard work. They have set a new standard for future athletes to reach. Everyone at Westerville Central High School can be extremely proud of their performance. On behalf of the citizens of Ohio’s 12th Congressional District, I congratulate the boys bowling team on their state championship. I wish them continued success in both their ath-letic and academic endeavors. 
f 
RECOGNIZING SERGEANT PATRICK O’MALLEY 
HON. NORMA J. TORRES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Sergeant Patrick O’Malley of the Po-mona Police Department for his unyielding commitment to improve the lives of residents in my district every single day. Sgt. O’Malley may be a native of the Sun-shine State, but it is our Golden State that has been the beneficiary of his strong work ethic and compassionate character since he moved here in 1971. He started his career as a police 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K03AP8.013 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE422 April 3, 2017 
officer with the L.A. County Sheriff’s Depart-ment Academy in 1991, graduating a year later in 1992. In 1993, my district received a wonderful addition when Sgt. O’Malley joined the Pomona Police Department. Since then, he has continued his life-long devotion to pub-lic service through his career in law enforce-ment of more than 25 years. While Sgt. O’Malley has had a commend-able career with numerous assignments in-cluding the Gang Team, Patrol Operations, Traffic Bureau, Detective Bureau, and the MAIT Investigation team, perhaps his most ad-mirable assignment came when he met BreAunna Barnett. ‘‘An angel with a badge,’’ is the phrase that BreAunna’s mother, Leanne, uses to refer to Sgt. O’Malley. Mr. Speaker, in what could only be described as a mother’s worst fear, Leanne almost lost her daughter to the drug addiction epidemic that plagues our country today. The unequivocal love of a mother and the pure in-tegrity of an officer brought Leanne and Sgt. O’Malley together. While many would have given up, Sgt. O’Malley committed himself to finding and helping BreAunna. When he found BreAunna she initially re-jected his attempts to help, but that did not stop Sgt. O’Malley, who refused to give up. Over time, Sgt. O’Malley gained her trust and eventually helped her receive proper treat-ment. Even after recovery, Sgt. O’Malley still continued to check up on BreAunna. In the most tumultuous of times, we find hope in individuals like Sgt. O’Malley, the very same hope that BreAunna experienced. Yes, indeed, he is an angel with a badge. Sgt. O’Malley’s case is especially relevant and worth highlighting in the environment that we find ourselves today where communities’ distrust in police officers has reached unprece-dented levels. The positive work that our po-lice officers perform often goes unnoticed, and instead we only see the negative. We look to stories like that of Sgt. O’Malley’s to remind us that the simple act of caring goes a long way and that taking a community policing approach works. Sgt. O’Malley did not shy away from a chal-lenge and is a reminder that we too should not shy away from helping each other out. For his endless contributions and commit-ment to my community, and because he teaches us to go above and beyond what is asked, I would like to recognize Sergeant Pat-rick O’Malley on the House floor today. 
f 
RECOGNIZING WORLD AUTISM AWARENESS DAY 
HON. JOHN KATKO 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Margaret L. Williams Devel-opmental Evaluation Center of the Upstate Medical Center Golisano Children’s Hospital for its World Autism Awareness Day event on April 2nd. This year marks the third year that the Cen-ter has worked with the Central New York community to light up notable Downtown Syra-cuse buildings in blue to highlight the begin-ning of April as World Autism Month. Light it Up Blue is a unique, global cam-paign to increase understanding and accept-ance of autism. Thousands of iconic land-marks, buildings, and community centers na-tionwide ‘‘Light it Up Blue’’ in support of indi-viduals living with autism and to help promote understanding and acceptance of autism. While there is no known cause or cure for autism, increased awareness of the multiple types of autism spectrum disorder enables families to seek early and proper treatment. I commend the Margaret L. Williams Devel-opmental Evaluation Center of the Upstate Medical Center Golisano Children’s Hospital for its efforts to support and enhance autism awareness in Central New York. f 
BRANDON LUJAN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Brandon Lujan for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Brandon Lujan is a 12th grader at Mapleton School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Brandon Lujan is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Brandon Lujan for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedica-tion and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
IN HONOR OF FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF HEADLAND’S 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor First Baptist Church (FBC) of Headland in Headland, Alabama upon its 150th Anniver-sary. In 1867, eight people in a small village for-merly known as ‘‘Heads Land’’ gathered to es-tablish what was then known as The Baptist Church of Christ at Bethlehem, led by Rev-erend Thomas Scott. The church officially took the name of ‘‘The First Baptist Church, Headland, Alabama’’ in December of 1969. It has been housed at three separate locations, with its current home residing on East Church Street. The church campus has expanded with the additions of a Sunday School Annex, a Children’s Building, a pastorium which now serves as church offices, and a Ministry Cen-ter. From its humble beginnings, the church has now grown to a current membership of 1,068, making it the largest church in Henry County. Over the years, FBC Headland has ex-panded its reach with its TV Ministry, Food Pantry, Child Development Center, Church Counseling Ministry, and multiple Worship Services and Sunday School Classes. FBC Headland’s mission statement is ‘‘Glorifying God by Knowing Christ and Making Him Known,’’ and I commend them for their dedi-cation to ministries that do just that. The City of Headland is fortunate to have had the touch of FBC Headland upon its com-munity for 150 years. FBC Headland has been an example of the faithfulness and providence of the Lord and I am excited to see what He will do through their ministry in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to recognize First Baptist Church of Headland’s 150 years of fellowship, worship, and service. f 
HOUSTON METHODIST WEST HOS-PITAL EARNS FIVE STAR SERV-ICE AWARD 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Houston Methodist West Hospital for receiving the 2016 Exemplary Five Star Service Award by the Texas Department of State Health Services’ Vital Statistics Unit. Houston Methodist West earned this award for its birth registration achievements for the sixth year in a row. This prestigious award recognizes excellence in certification and train-ing, customer service, timeliness, and accu-racy in filing birth certificates. Houston Meth-odist West is one of only 10 hospitals in Texas to receive the Exemplary Five Star Service Award. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Houston Methodist West Hospital for receiv-ing the Five Star Service Award. We all ben-efit from their commitment to quality healthcare and we thank them for their hard work to keep Houstonians healthy. 
f 
DANIELLE HERRERA 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Danielle Her-rera for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Danielle Herrera is a student at Northglenn High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Danielle Herrera is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Danielle Herrera for winning the Adams Coun-ty Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K03AP8.016 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE423 April 3, 2017 
HONORING TAMERA JONES 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, Tamera Jones is the daughter of Mr. Tim-othy and Felicia Jones of Clinton, MS. Cur-rently, Tamera is an Honor student of Clinton High School. Tamera is a very outgoing young lady that has served in several capacities in her school, showing great leadership skills and the quali-ties of a great team member. Tamera is a member of Mu Alpha Theta, HOSA, FEA, FCA and also a volunteer throughout the commu-nity. Not only is Tamera a positive influence within her school, but she is the 2016 Miss Teen of Mississippi. In November, she will be competing for Miss Teen of America, a schol-arship and recognition pageant that recog-nizes teenagers from each state based on their scholastic record, community service and development. When she graduates from High School, Tamera will attend Tougaloo College with her Bachelor’s degree in Biological Science and will go on to UMMC to receive her PhD in Pediatric Surgery. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Tamera Jones for her hard work and dedication at Clinton High School and throughout the communities of Mis-sissippi. 
f 
APPLAUDING ALEX SCHRIVER FOR HIS SERVICE TO ALABAMA’S FIRST CONGRESSIONAL DIS-TRICT 
HON. BRADLEY BYRNE 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share my deep appreciation to Alex Schriver for his years of service to Alabama’s First Congressional District. Alex’s last day serving the people of Southwest Alabama was Friday, March 31st. Alex has served as the Chief of Staff in my Congressional office since I was sworn in on January 8, 2014. In this role, he has overseen my entire Congressional staff, served as my primary policy advisor, managed day-to-day operations of the office, and so much more. As it is often said, it is the job of the Chief of Staff to keep the train on the tracks, and Alex has done exactly that while building out a team of first-rate individuals. That is a testa-ment to his strong leadership and steady de-meanor. Alex grew up in Tennessee and graduated from Auburn University. I first met him in 2009 during my gubernatorial campaign. It did not take long for me to realize that Alex was not your average campaign staffer. He would al-ways go above and beyond and possessed a keen instinct that made him a valued member of the campaign team. Alex went on to serve as the Chairman of the College Republican National Committee, where he oversaw 75 full-time staff and a record budget of $16 million. In that role, he helped champion important conservative val-ues and shape the national message. When I decided to run for Congress in the 2013 special election, Alex was the obvious choice to serve as the campaign manager for my special election campaign. Special elec-tions are particularly challenging given the dy-namics surrounding them. As a testament to his aptitude and leadership, I was able to win a nine-person primary and go on to win the general election in December. Alex has a rare blend of passion, con-fidence, compassion, knowledge, and tough-ness that has allowed him to be successful in his career. As he leaves my staff to move into the position of Senior Vice President at Tar-geted Victory, I have no doubt he will continue to be successful due to the same core quali-ties. Mr. Speaker, Alex has been a dedicated and devoted member of my team, and he has served the people of Alabama’s First Congres-sional District exceedingly well. I wish him nothing but the best in his future endeavors. f 
IAN RODRIGUEZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Ian Rodriguez for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Ian Rodriguez is an 8th grader at Shadow Ridge Middle School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Ian Rodri-guez is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ian Rodriguez for winning the Adams County May-ors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplish-ments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE AMER-ICAN WOODMARK CORPORA-TION’S NEW CORPORATE HEAD-QUARTERS 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share with you and our colleagues, the estab-lishment of a long-term relationship between a stellar national company, the American Woodmark Corporation, and Frederick County, which surrounds the City of Winchester, in the Northern Shenandoah Valley. The American Woodmark Corporation, a leading manufac-turer of quality kitchen and bath cabinets with over 5,000 employees nationwide, has de-cided to invest $30 million to build a new na-tional corporate headquarters in Frederick County, in the 10th Congressional District of Virginia. The project will bring its corporate employ-ees together from four leased sites in the Win-chester area to a central corporate office, strengthening interpersonal connections and driving greater efficiency in the company’s day-to-day operations. The consolidation will mean that all 377 positions will be retained and that 55 new positions will eventually be created. There was strong competition for American Woodmark’s investment, and I want to ac-knowledge the hard work of Frederick County officials Patrick Barker of the Frederick County Economic Development Authority and his staff, as well as Chairman Chuck DeHaven and members of the Board of Supervisors, in work-ing with the Virginia Economic Development Partnership to secure a $550,000 grant from the Commonwealth’s Opportunity Fund and for providing a $350,000 economic development grant from Frederick County. In addition to the financial incentives and a very hospitable business environment, the ex-traordinary quality of life in the Northern Shen-andoah Valley clearly played a role in Amer-ican Woodmark’s decision. Emanating from its agrarian roots, the Valley’s friendly, caring cul-ture causes charitable organizations to thrive and those less fortunate to be well cared for. The Valley’s quality of life is further enhanced by great schools and libraries, a first rate re-gional health care system, and cultural variety that includes civil war battlefields, national parks and museums, as well as a university conservatory that is welcoming to the commu-nity. In fact, Forbes has ranked the Northern Shenandoah Valley in its top 20 ‘‘Best Small Places for Business and Careers’’ in the na-tion. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in congratulating and thanking Cary Dunston, president and CEO of American Woodmark, and its Board of Directors, on choosing to establish its central corporate of-fice in Frederick County and in wishing the corporation great success in all of its future endeavors. f 
SENATOR ARTHENIA L. JOYNER, TAMPA BAY’S WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH HONOREE 
HON. KATHY CASTOR 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments of a true champion of progress, Senator Arthenia L. Joyner. Today, I recognize her as my Tampa Bay’s Women’s History Month honoree. Her invaluable contributions to Hillsborough Coun-ty and the lives of our neighbors are an inspi-ration to us all. Today, on behalf of my neigh-bors, I recognize her selfless dedication, honor her valuable unceasing work, and thank her for her love of her and my home town. Senator Arthenia Joyner was born in Lake-land, Florida on February 3, 1943 and later re-located with her family to Tampa in the late 1940’s. Growing up during the time of seg-regation, Senator Joyner and her family have always played an active role on issues con-cerning civil rights. Henry Joyner, Moses White and Kid Mason, to name a few, were at the heart of Tampa’s once thriving black busi-ness community on Central Avenue. Senator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.008 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE424 April 3, 2017 
Joyner has been key in preserving and hon-oring the history of Central Avenue, once pop-ulated by black-owned businesses, restaurants and night clubs. Senator Joyner earned her B.S. from Florida A&M University in 1964 and her J.D. from Florida A&M University College of Law in 1968. Facing segregation and discrimination, she has always been out front. She partici-pated in the first civil rights demonstrations in Tampa and was arrested twice while attending Florida A&M University when participating in efforts to desegregate movie theaters. Senator Joyner again ‘‘found a way to get in the way’’, in the words of my colleague Representative J
OHN LEWIS, when she was arrested outside the South Africa embassy in D.C. for pro-testing against South Africa’s apartheid gov-ernment. After law school, unable to find anyone in the legal profession willing to hire an African- American woman, she opened her own prac-tice becoming the first African-American fe-male lawyer in Hillsborough County and has practiced law there for forty-seven years, longer than any black woman in the history of Florida. Senator Arthenia Joyner served as an attorney, public school teacher and legal as-sistant for former State Representative, Joe Lang Kershaw. She was elected to the Florida House of Representatives in 2000 where she served three terms. In 2006 Senator Joyner was then elected to represent District 19 in the Florida Senate for two terms. She was ap-pointed by her Senate peers to serve as the Florida Senate Democratic Leader for the 2014 to 2016 term, making her the first Afri-can-American woman to hold the position. Throughout her legislative service, Senator Joyner has been recognized as a stalwart supporter of a wide variety of issues centered on human rights, civil rights, criminal and civil justice reform, health policies, and consumer protection. Her knowledge, passion and lead-ership made her a trusted public servant who knew how to get things done for her state and her neighbors. Senator Joyner currently serves as the National Vice President of the National Organization of Black Elected Legis-lative Women (NOBEL/Women) and the State Director for Women in Government. Recently she was appointed to represent the Florida Senate on the Criminal Justice Committee of the National Conference of State Legislatures. And, most recently Senator Joyner was cho-sen for the important role serving on the Con-stitutional Revision Commission by Chief Jus-tice Jorge Labarga. The Tampa Bay Times has praised Senator Joyner for being ‘‘a strong supporter of civil rights, health care, and open government.’’ In 2014, Senator Arthenia Joyner was awarded the L. Clayton Nance Award presented annu-ally by the Florida Public Defender Association (FPDA) to those advancing the organization’s mission of ensuring equal justice. The FPDA also recognized her legislative work and sup-port of juvenile sentencing reform bill, HB 7035. Representative Laura Hall (AL), National President for NOBEL Women, stated that Sen-ator Joyner doesn’t only advocate for the state of Florida, but ‘‘she fights for the civil rights of others across this nation.’’ Senator Joyner has served her community and state but her service has also had global reach. It has been said that among her most prestigious awards are appointments by Presi-dent Clinton to the U.S. Delegation to the Pop-ulation Conference in Cairo, Egypt and the U.S. Delegation to the United Nations 4th World Conference on Women in Beijing, China. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the citizens of our Tampa Bay community, I am proud to honor my friend Senator Arthenia Joyner as my Tampa Bay’s Women’s History Month hon-oree. As Senator Joyner would say, ‘‘your word is your bond,’’ as she encourages our community to stand for what they believe in. Following in the footsteps of her distinguished family and leaving big footprints of her own for all of us to follow, her courage and total com-mitment to human rights and improving the lives of all of us have helped not only the Tampa community, but our state, nation and the world. 
f 
DULLES HIGH WINS ACADEMIC DECATHLON CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Dulles High School Academic Decathlon team of Sugar Land, TX, for win-ning the Texas State Academic Decathlon. This was the Dulles High Academic Decath-lon teams’ first decathlon state championship since 1987. The theme of the competition was World War II, where students were tested in economics, literature, mathematics, music, science and social science. Three team mem-bers earned individual recognition as well: Madison Gabino receiving first place in the Scholastic Division, Ethan Tu in second, and Jared Roth in fifth place. Dulles High is the only team in the Fort Bend Independent School District to ever win a State Academic Decathlon title, let alone two. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, I want to again con-gratulate the Dulles High School Academic Decathlon team for winning the Texas State Academic Decatholon. We are very proud of their success. 
f 
ELI TRUJILLO 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Eli Trujillo for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Eli Trujillo is an 8th grader at the Inter-national School at Thornton Middle School and received this award because his deter-mination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Eli Trujillo is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and persever-ance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and de-velop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Eli Trujillo for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of his future accomplishments. f 
HONORING ORELIA GAIL SIAS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor a remarkable profes-sional lady, Ms. Orelia Gail Sias of Cleveland, Mississippi. Orelia was born to the late Roosevelt and Pauline Sias of Mayersville, Mississippi. She is a graduate of Delta State University and re-ceived a Bachelor of Science Degree in Busi-ness Administration. Ms. Sias’ parents were farmers and owned over 400 acres of land. She realized at an early age that she could accomplish anything she set her heart to do, coming from a house-hold where her parents were the prime exam-ple of that philosophy. Therefore, she em-barked on her life journey by furthering her education and securing stable employment op-portunities with Cleveland State Bank in Au-gust of 1986 as a switchboard operator, but knew that her desire was to move up in the fi-nancial institute. While in her 30 years with Cleveland State Bank, she moved up in the ranks to her current position as a Customer Representative in the Electronic Banking Divi-sion, where she handled customer fraud issues. In 2008, she began a part-time career with Walgreen’s as a Pharmacy Technician and became a National Board Certified Phar-macy Technician. Ms. Sias is very active with numerous com-munity and civic organizations and has re-ceived numerous accolades and awards for her dedication to the community. She is politi-cally involved and participated in the 2012 Na-tional Democratic Convention held in Char-lotte, North Carolina. In 2013, she participated in President Barack Obama’s inauguration ceremony in Washington, D.C., and while there she visited the Dr. Martin Luther Mu-seum, his statue and other sites. Although she has influence in the community and through her professional careers, Orelia considers her greatest achievement is to honor the legacy which her parents instilled in her through their teachings: ‘‘To have respect and dignity for everyone your life paths allows you to and that will be returned to you’’. Family is of the up-most importance to Ms. Sias and she en-hances others’ lives by being an example and she offers mentorship to the younger genera-tions. Ms. Sias lives her life in servitude to others. She opens her home to those needing a place to stay and loan her vehicle to those who may be in need of transportation. She is someone who is admired and loved by her co-workers, community leaders, and her community for her professional style, her frankness of speech and how she carries herself. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Ms. Orelia Sias for being an outstanding professional lady in the Mis-sissippi Delta. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.010 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE425 April 3, 2017 
IN HONOR OF SHERRY HABER 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Sherry Haber, a remarkable community leader and tireless advocate for children, who is being recognized as the Hillsborough Citizen of the Year by the Associated Parents’ Group. This award honors a resident who has made a sustained and significant contribution to the community, especially to the education and well-being of our children. Sherry is truly de-serving of this honor. There is no task too big or too small for Sherry to handle and if you want to get something done, you hand it to her. Sherry served as Parent Group President for North Hillsborough School from 2009 to 2010. It was on her watch that the lower play-ground was installed and the hot lunch pro-gram was implemented. In her role as Art in Action Chair, she established the tradition of hosting an art show during North’s annual open house, expanded Art in Action from 3rd through 5th grade to include K through 5th grade, was instrumental in launching the school’s first talent show and choreographed multiple group performances. She also led ef-forts to renovate the library, chaired the 5th grade promotion and worked on the year book committee for eight years. For six years, she opened her home for the annual teacher ap-preciation lunch. When Sherry’s two children Ben and Cami moved on to Crocker Middle School, she again served as Parent Group President from 2012 to 2013 and repeated many of her con-tributions. She implemented a hot lunch pro-gram, established the Crocker Art Show and coordinated the Janet Chun Mural project. She also was graduation chair and organized the first Flash Mob. From 2013 to 2015, Sherry served as com-munications chair of the Hillsborough Schools Foundation and hosted many successful fund-raisers. For the last two years, she has served as the President of the Burlingame High School Music Boosters which means she has been supporting 150 students in band and choir. She even organized the band’s first per-formance trip to Anaheim in over 20 years. In addition to her deep involvement in the schools, Sherry found time to be a Den Lead-er for the Boy Scouts and Troop Leader for the Girl Scouts for a total of ten years. For six years, she was a volunteer for Hillsborough’s Memorial Day Parade. In 2015, she served on the Israeli Art Show Committee at Peninsula Temple Shalom. Sherry Haber has an inex-haustible reservoir of energy and passion for children, our community and the arts. Sherry is originally from Sacramento. She went to Punahou School in Honolulu, Hawaii and earned her BA in English at Stanford Uni-versity. She and her husband of 24 years, Scott Haber, live with their two children in Hillsborough. Mr. Speaker, I ask the members of the House of Representatives to join me in hon-oring an exemplary citizen, a dedicated com-munity leader and a devoted mother and wife. Sherry Haber never stops giving of herself and she does it with enjoyment of life (joie de vivre), I join with all Hillsborough residents in saying we are very fortunate to have her as a neighbor and friend. f 
RECOGNIZING DOMINIC BARANDICA 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dominic Barandica, who will soon be named Califor-nia’s Young Man of Distinction by Youth Focus, Inc. Dominic is deserving of the highest com-mendation for his dedication to the advance-ment of safety in high school football. Using helmet sensors, Dominic has extensively re-searched the consequences of repetitive head impacts by high school players. Since starting, he has obtained a sensor for every football athlete in the Modesto City High School sys-tem and has been a featured speaker on the issue at the Doctors Medical Center Sports Medicine Symposium. An accomplished ath-lete himself, Dominic has already accepted an early decision offer to play football for Case Western Reserve University. In addition to his athletic accomplishments, Dominic has proven to be an incredible leader, serving as Gregori High School’s Freshman Class President and Commissioner of Com-munity Service, the President of the Inter High School Council of ASB Presidents of Modesto City High Schools, and as student representa-tive to the Modesto City School Board, rep-resenting over 40,000 high school students. He’s shown his dedication to academics as an active member of the Mock Trial and Science Bowl Teams, and has been recog-nized as an AP Scholar with Distinction for his continued scholastic achievements. Finally, Dominic has embodied an unwavering com-mitment to community service as an Eagle Scout, a recipient of the President’s Volun-teers Service Gold Award and the American Red Cross Youth Hero Award. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Dominic Barandica for his recognition from the Youth Focus Group as California’s Young Man of Distinction. His outstanding achievements and dedication to our commu-nity deserve to be commended. 
f 
JAZZLYN WILSON 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jazzlyn Wil-son for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Jazzlyn Wilson is a 7th grader at Bennett Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jazzlyn Wilson is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jazzlyn Wilson for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. f 
JESSICA WICKERSHEIM 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Jessica Wickersheim for receiving the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. Jessica Wickersheim is a student at Adams City High School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Jessica Wickersheim is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Jes-sica Wickersheim for winning the Adams County Mayors and Commissioners Youth Award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF DR. STEPHEN OSTROFF 
HON. PETE SESSIONS 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, together with Congressman E
RICSWALWELL , we rise today to thank Acting Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Dr. Stephen M. Ostroff, and his team for their efforts to assist Congress and the Administration in improving patient enrollment, retention, minority partici-pation and equitable access in cancer clinical trials, especially among underserved and underrepresented populations. Patient participation is the single most crit-ical ingredient to successful cancer trials being completed on time and on budget as well as bringing life-saving cancer drugs to market. Unfortunately, most cancer clinical trials only provide for the cost of the trial drug and re-quire the patient to cover all other costs affili-ated with participation including but not limited to travel, lodging, and ancillary medical costs. The result of this has been abysmally low cancer participation rates. Overall, only 6 per-cent of eligible cancer patients participate in clinical trials and a mere 5 percent of those participants represent the Black, Hispanic, Asian, Native American and Pacific Islander populations combined. According to Tufts Re-search, 38 percent of all clinical trials fail to finish on time or within budget due to lack of enrollment, and an astonishing 11 percent of trials fail to ever enroll a single patient, pri-marily due to the financial burden on patients to participate. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.013 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE426 April 3, 2017 
Joined by over a dozen of our colleagues from both sides of the aisle, we sent a letter to the FDA regarding possible misperceptions surrounding the regulatory meaning of induce-ment and coercion and asked for its assist-ance in providing clarity. The FDA’s letter in response we include in the R
ECORD today, helps provide this needed clarity, explaining that reimbursement is nei-ther inducement, coercion, nor even a so- called ‘‘benefit’’ but rather fair compensation creating parity and equality in cancer trial ac-cess. The letter also states the FDA’s commit-ment to further addressing our concerns when it finalizes guidance on this issue. Accordingly, we, along with our colleagues, will continue our dialogue with national stake-holders, patient advocacy organizations, the pharmaceutical industry, and the Administra-tion to continue to improve patient enrollment, retention, minority participation and equitable access in cancer clinical trials, especially among underserved and underrepresented pa-tients. 
U.S. F OOD& DRUGADMINISTRATION , Silver Spring, MD, March 22, 2017. Hon. P
ETESESSIONS , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EARMR. SESSIONS : Thank you for the dis-cussion on September 21, 2016, with Dr. Rob-ert Califf, the former Commissioner of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA or the Agency) and Dr. Richard Pazdur, regard-ing the improvement of patient participa-tion, enrollment, retention, and equitable access to oncology clinical trials. In a fol-low-up letter dated October 6, 2016, you asked the Agency to confirm that it views reimbursement for travel expenses to and from clinical trial sites, including reim-bursement for travel costs such as parking and lodging, as permissible and suggested that such reimbursement should not be con-strued as coercion or inducement. As discussed with you on September 21, 2016, FDA generally would not consider reim-bursement for such expenses to be undue in-fluence or coercion intended to induce par-ticipation in a clinical trial. FDA has stated in the past that it is not uncommon for sub-jects to be paid for their participation in re-search, and has provided guidance on how those payments should be addressed during Institutional Review Board (IRB) review of a proposed clinical tria1. When appropriate, the informed consent would identify any ad-ditional costs to the participant that may result from participation in the research and whether such expenses would be reimbursed. In July 2014, FDA issued a draft guidance entitled, ‘‘Informed Consent Information Sheet Guidance for IRBs, Clinical Investiga-tors, and Sponsors,’’ which provides rec-ommendations on informed consent content and the informed consent process. In this draft guidance, the issue of additional cost and payment to research participants is briefly addressed. For example, we rec-ommend that, beyond the costs directly re-lated to participation in the research, it may be appropriate to identify additional costs that the subject may incur. Additional costs may include the loss of income when the sub-ject takes time off from work to participate in the clinical investigation and transpor-tation costs. The consent form would also make clear whether and, if so, how funds for reimbursement will be made available to subjects, or the form would provide direction to subjects regarding how to obtain further information. The draft guidance also states that FDA considers payment to subjects for participation in clinical investigations to be compensation for expenses and inconven-iences, not a benefit of participation in re-search and that if payments are provided, the consent process should not identify them as benefits. Further guidance on when pay-ments to research participants may be con-sidered coercive or an exercise of undue in-fluence is available on FDA’s webpage ‘‘Pay-ment to Research Subjects—Information Sheet.’’ As we finalize the draft guidance, we will look for ways to address your concerns about reimbursement of these types of expenses so that the final guidance will be more useful to patients and our stakeholders. We will also take advantage of our educational outreach activities to clarify this issue with the re-search community. Thank you again for bringing this impor-tant issue to our attention. Please let us know if you have any further questions. Sincerely, STEPHEN M. O STROFF , M.D., Acting Commissioner of Food and Drugs. f 
RECOGNIZING ARNOLD SMEENK 
HON. TOM REED 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to con-gratulate Arnold Smeenk on his retirement and recognize his distinguished career in the field of mortgage banking. Mr. Smeenk joined First Maryland Mortgage Corp. in December 1993. He built an impres-sive portfolio of clients and projects, which di-rectly contributed to the company’s successful merger with M&T Realty Capital Corp. In rec-ognition of his excellent work, Mr. Smeenk earned the prestigious President’s Council Award in three consecutive years. In 2007, he was promoted to National Production Manager and Group Vice President. In these positions, Mr. Smeenk was responsible for managing the company’s origination platform and super-vising employees in nine states. Under his leadership, the sales team originated almost $16 billion in deals. Mr. Smeenk will retire on April 3, after more than 23 years of service to M&T Realty Capital Corp. Even more impressive than Mr. Smeenk’s professional resume´is his commitment to serving his community. Arnold and his wife, Anne, have opened their home and their hearts to those in need. From taking in foster children and providing assistance to troubled youths, to repairing inner-city homes and building a school for deaf children in Mexico, Arnold and Anne have worked tirelessly to help people overcome difficult circumstances. Through the Smeenk Family Foundation, they have financially supported countless Christian ministries and charitable organizations, includ-ing the Charles Finney School and the new Pregnancy Resource Center in Corning, New York. I ask my colleagues to join me in congratu-lating Arnold Smeenk on an impressive career and wishing him all the best in his well-de-served retirement. KENDALL WILLS EARNS BOY SCOUT EAGLE RANK AWARD HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Kendall Camilo Wills of Sugar Land, TX, for earning his Boy Scout Eagle Rank Award. Eagle Rank is the highest achievement a Boy Scout can earn. To earn this distin-guished award, Kendall had to achieve the Life Scout rank, earn a total of 21 merit badges, and develop and provide leadership to others in a service project. The Boy Scouts of America will also award Kendall with the Catholic religious award, Ad Altare Dei. Ken-dall is also a member of the Order of the Arrow, the Boy Scouts national honor society. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Kendall Camilo Wills for earning his Boy Scout Eagle Rank Award. We are confident he will have continued success in his future en-deavors. We are very proud. 
f 
HONORING JUANITA WINSTON SMITH-OWENS 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor the legacy of a dedi-cated servant, Mrs. Juanita Winston Smith- Owens. Mrs. Smith-Owens, who was the seventh child of sixteen children, was born to the late Johnnie and Ruby Winston on December 6, 1917 in Pickens, MS. After aging and a short period of illness, Juanita completed her earthly journey while at Westminster Terrance Healthcare Center on August 4, 2016. It was a peaceful passing when she took her Savior’s hand and transcended into eternity. Mrs. Smith-Owens received her early child-hood education from the Little Red School-house formerly known as Richland High School in Pickens, MS. Mrs. Smith-Owens was married to the late Fred Smith, and this union was blessed with eight children. After the death of her husband, she later married Jerry Lee Owens and to this union no children were born, but she gave her wisdom and love to three stepchildren. Mrs. Smith-Owens confessed a hope in Christ at an early age and was baptized at Crossroad Missionary Baptist Church, cur-rently known as Mt. Sinai Missionary Baptist Church in Pickens, MS under the pastorate of Reverend Don Sutton. In later years, she joined and united with Newport Missionary Baptist Church under the pastorate of Rev-erend J.L. Cross where she served in several capacities: Mother’s Board, Church Secretary, Sunday School Teacher, President of the Usher Board, and a member of the Choir. She also served for many years as the Treasurer of the Lebanon District Association and Vice President of the District Rose Hill Convention. Mrs. Smith-Owens served faithfully. She later moved to Jackson, MS with her children and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:59 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.015 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE427 April 3, 2017 
united as a watch-care member from Mt. Cal-vary Missionary Baptist Church under the pas-torate of Reverend Jeffery Stegall. Again, she relocated to Louisville, KY where she united with Community Baptist Church under the pas-torate of Reverend William T. Shoemaker. Mrs. Smith-Owens lived a long industrious, hard working life. For many years, she labored as an agriculturalist and a cook at Double Quick Store No. 19 in Lexington, MS for 16 years and she gave true light to the phrase ‘‘Be the job large or small do it well or not at all.’’ She retired from public work in 1989 and enjoyed traveling throughout the United States with her children. Mrs. Smith-Owens was preceded in death by: her beloved mother, Ruby Walker; father, Johnny Winston; spouses: Fred Smith and Jerry L. Owens; two daughters: Mildred Smith, and Patsie Williams; two sons: Andrew Smith and John Smith; two granddaughters: Jac-queline Campbell-Jones and Racine Smith; one step-son, Lathan Jefferson; three broth-ers: Louis Stuart, Jesse Castel and Melvin; seven sisters: Ora, Eliza, Ida, Vivian, Lottie, Lela Mae, and Cora; and two son-in-laws: Charles Smith and Roy Williams. Mrs. Smith-Owens leaves to rejoice her leg-acy and cherish her memories: four children: Richard (Burnette) Smith, Myron Smith, Doro-thy Williams of Jackson, MS and Regina Com-modore of Louisville, KY; two step-daughters: Geraldine Owens and Debbie Horton of Chi-cago, IL; three sisters: Julie (Jack) Greer of Lexington, MS, Thelma (Samuel) Greene, and Gertrude (Charles) Green of Chicago, IL; twenty six (26) grandchildren; a host of great- grandchildren, great-great grandchildren, nieces, nephews, a multitude of cousins and a legion of friends. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the legacy of Mrs. Juanita Win-ston Smith-Owens for her life and works to be remembered. 
f 
MAJOR GENERAL H. MICHAEL EDWARDS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Major General H. Michael Edwards, The Adjutant General of the State of Colorado, for his combined service of more than 44 years in the United States Air Force and the Colorado National Guard. Major General Edwards’ remarkable service to our state and our nation is much appre-ciated. His leadership skills were evident even as a cadet attending the United States Air Force Academy; transitioning to Student pilot while attending Undergraduate Pilot Training. He continued to hone his flying skills, serving a distinguished career flying various aircraft from the T–38 to the F–4s. Major General Edwards’ command expertise was showcased as he rose through the ranks, becoming com-mander of the 140th Wing, Buckley Air Force Base, Colorado, and as the Director of the Combined Air Operations Center, Al Udeid Air Base, State of Qatar. His honorable military career is significant, culminating in the selec-tion and service as The Adjutant General, Col-orado National Guard. Major General Edwards has also advised my office on military and National Guard mat-ters and assisted in a number of medal and service recognition ceremonies. His congenial manner, yet focused approach to his com-mand has led to admiration and respect by all Coloradans. I extend my deepest congratulations to Major General H. Michael Edwards for his dedication, commitment and service to our community, state and nation. f 
QUESTIONING THE RUSSIAN CONNECTION 
SPEECH OF  
HON. BARBARA LEE 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, March 29, 2017 Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank Congresswoman J
AYAPAL and Congressman R
ASKIN for their tireless work to protect our de-mocracy. I also want to thank the fearless leaders of the CPC, Congressman K
EITH ELLISON and Congressman R
AUL GRIJALVA for organizing this Special Order Hour and for leading the fight for the integrity of our republic. Mr. Speaker, we’re here today to shine a light on the deceit and corruption taking place at the White House. For months, we’ve known that Russia meddled in our election to benefit Donald Trump’s campaign. In fact, even before the election, 17 intel-ligence agencies all concluded that the influ-ence came from the highest levels of the Kremlin. The reality of this unprecedented in-terference is outrageous and appalling. But even more disturbing than the fact of foreign actors meddling, has been the re-sponse of our Commander-in-Chief. President Trump stacked his campaign, and then his Ad-ministration, with officials who benefited both financially and personally from Russian ties. Now, instead of calling for a bipartisan inde-pendent investigation into Russia’s influence, President Trump has heaped praise on Vladi-mir Putin and undermined the ongoing inves-tigations. Amid all of the evidence pointing to Russian interference to benefit President Trump, one question remains. Why has the President not taken this na-tional security issue seriously? Over the past 60 days we have learned the answer to that question. A steady stream of revelations has shown what we’ve suspected all along. Presi-dent Trump’s cozy relationship with Russia warrants a bipartisan independent investiga-tion. Nearly every week, the ties and lies that exist between President Trump and the Rus-sians have led the news cycle. Former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort stepped down during the campaign after reports of his murky financial dealings with Russia became public. Michael Flynn was forced to resign after news reports confirmed he lied about contacts with the Russians dur-ing and after the campaign. Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath to conceal meetings he had with Russian officials while on the campaign. And, just this week, we learned that President Trump’s son- in-law Jared Kushner had questionable finan-cial links to Russia that warrant a Senate in-vestigation. The web of ties and lies gets murkier by the day. As these improprieties come to light, President Trump peddles increasingly des-perate conspiracy theories in an attempt to distract from the truth. Mr. Speaker, enough is enough. The Amer-ican people are demanding that the truth about this Administration be exposed. They deserve to know every last detail con-cerning Putin’s involvement in our election; ties that exist between Trump allies and Putin officials; and exactly what knowledge Presi-dent Trump had of Russian actions during the campaign. Clearly, Republicans have proved that they are incapable of leading such an investigation. Just this week, we’ve watched the Chairman of the Intelligence Committee be caught up in this cloud of corruption. Congressman DEVIN N
UNES , a former executive board member on Trump’s transition team, is too compromised by the Trump Administration to lead this inves-tigation. Congressman N
UNES ’ conflicts of in-terest clearly demonstrate he cannot be trust-ed to conduct the investigation. Mr. Speaker, the list is endless. He has withheld information from Members of the Intel Committee; shared critical information with the President, the subject of the investigation, without alerting his counterparts on the com-mittee, including the Ranking Member, A
DAM S
CHIFF . Mislead the American people with scant details of his sources. Not to mention, he helped develop President Trump’s national security plan on the campaign. Mr. Speaker, Congressman D
EVIN NUNES  has lost the confidence of the American peo-ple. He needs to step down immediately from Chair of the Intelligence Committee. Mr. Speaker, the corruption shrouding this Administration undermines our national secu-rity and makes us less safe. So the only solu-tion here is an independent investigation to re-veal the extent of President Trump’s personal, political and financial ties to Russia. I urge my colleagues to support this com-mission. This has gone far beyond partisan politics. This is about the character of our na-tion and the independence of our democracy. The American people deserve to know the truth about the troubling links that exist be-tween President Trump and Putin’s Russia. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE FRESNO COUNTY FARM BUREAU 
HON. DAVID G. VALADAO 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Fresno County Farm Bureau in celebration of its 100 year anniversary of ad-vocating for agriculture on behalf of the Cen-tral Valley. The Fresno County Farm Bureau has been dedicated to bringing farmers and ranchers to-gether to promote agriculture in the Central Valley since 1917. The organization was start-ed by George Feaver, J.A. Poytress, Sam Heisinger, H.W. Wrightson, Charles Parlier, and Leroy Smith. Leroy Smith was the first Ex-tension Service farm advisor assigned to Fres-no County, which spurred his desire to initiate the Fresno County Branch. The Fresno County Farm Bureau is one of fifty-three county Farm Bureaus, and rep-resents over four thousand members. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.018 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE428 April 3, 2017 
members include farmers, ranchers, and dairy producers who put food on Americans’ dinner table every night. As a voice for agriculture, the organization has a goal of preserving Cali-fornia’s fresh, local, and diverse agrarian cul-ture for generations to come. It also leads the industry in addressing issues that result in long-term viability for agriculture through polit-ical action, community outreach, and public education. The Farm Bureau achieves their goal of advocating for the Central Valley by promoting economic vitality of the region through the work of its members. The Fresno County Farm Bureau has been known to encourage all citizens to be sup-portive and appreciative of the incredible con-tribution farmers, ranchers, and farm workers make daily to the Central Valley community and economy. Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the Fresno County Farm Bureau on 100 years of contributions to our country and our Valley’s agriculture indus-try. We commemorate the service of all the members of this organization who have worked collectively to improve, protect, and promote agriculture in the San Joaquin Valley, which has now become one of the bread-baskets of our nation. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the incredible contribu-tion our farmers and ranchers make to the Central Valley community and our nation’s economy. 
f 
HONORING NATIONAL PET DAY 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of National Pet Day, which takes place every year on April 11th. While loving our pets is something we do every day, National Pet Day encourages us to give special care to pets who may not get that extra attention. This day was founded in 2006 by Pet and Family Lifestyle Expert and Animal Welfare Advocate Colleen Paige, to help raise public awareness about the plight of many different kinds of ani-mals. This is a common sentiment among ani-mal rights activists, and I want to give recogni-tion to all the organizations we have worked with personally in the mission to protect our beloved pets. The Animal Hope and Wellness Foundation, the Humane Society of the United States, and Social Compassion in Legislation have worked extensively to better the lives of our four-legged friends. Together, we intro-duced H.R. 1406, the Dog and Cat Meat Trade Prohibition Act of 2017, which prohibits the slaughter and trade of dogs and cats for human consumption in the United States. On January 6, 2017, I reintroduced H. Res. 30—Condemning the Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, and urging China to end the dog meat trade. This horrific festival dates back to 2009 through 2010, when it was launched by dog meat traders as a commercial enterprise to boost flagging sales of dog meat. More than 10,000 dogs are reported to be captured, transported and slaughtered every year for this Dog Meat festival, with more than 10 mil-lion dogs killed annually in China for the dog meat trade. Animal welfare groups have found that a number of these dogs are stolen pets taken from their homes, still wearing their col-lars when they reach the slaughterhouse. Many dogs die during transport to the slaugh-terhouses after days or weeks without food or water, and others suffer illness and injury dur-ing transport, such as broken bones. These dogs suffer mentally from watching other dogs being disemboweled and blow-torched in front of them. Yulin’s dog slaughter takes place in residen-tial areas and public marketplaces, imposing scenes of extreme animal cruelty on local resi-dents, including young children who may, as a result, suffer psychological trauma and desen-sitization. The capture, transport, and butch-ering of dogs and the consumption of dog meat poses a risk to human health by expos-ing people to a multitude of diseases, includ-ing rabies and cholera. This practice, in my opinion, is completely unacceptable, and can be stopped by the diligent efforts of members of the Chinese government. Although the Yulin city government withdrew as a sponsor of the Dog Meat Festival, it has taken no meaningful action to enforce China’s existing laws and regulations on animal disease control, food safety, trans-provincial dog transport, or youth protection, all of which are breached by the dog meat trade. Activists from across the globe have contin-ued the fight against this barbaric practice. I have been honored to work with Humane So-ciety International, the Animal Hope and Wellness Foundation, the Vanderpump Dog Foundation, Duo Duo, the Animal Welfare In-stitute, People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA), Citizens Lobbyists for H. Res. 30, as well as countless other organiza-tions to bring awareness and hopefully change to this inhumane practice and torture of dogs. Next month, I will be introducing a resolution denouncing the global dog meat trade, by urg-ing all countries that allow this cruel and bar-baric practice to end it once and for all. Fur-thermore, in the lead up to the Yulin Dog Meat Festival and after the introduction of my global dog meat trade resolution, I do plan on hold-ing another Congressional Briefing on Capitol Hill to provide an opportunity for animal rights activists to speak on behalf of the voiceless. I also want to recognize and thank the ani-mal welfare organizations in Palm Beach and Broward Counties, whose tireless efforts each and every single day are to be commended. In Palm Beach, the Animal Rescue Force South Florida; Peggy Adams; Palm Beach County Animal Care & Control; Justin Bartlett; Second Chance; Big Dog Ranch Rescue; Gaisha, Tundra & Spirit’s Place Husky Rescue; Adopt a Cat Foundation; Tri-County Animal Rescue; South Florida Rabbit Rescue, and the Ever-glades Golden Retriever Rescue. In Broward County, the Florida Humane Society, Humane Society of Broward County; Broward County Animal Care and Adoption Center, Animal Aid, Inc.; and Abandoned Pet Rescue. The work that all of these organizations do for animals is truly heartwarming and the lengths that they go to ensure their welfare is inspiring. National Pet Day reminds us to do all that we can to make certain animals are taken care of everywhere. Whether it is taking supplies to animal shelters, volunteering, help-ing a friend with his or her pets who is recov-ering from an illness, or adopting a pet. Mr. Speaker, in honor of National Pet Day, I once again want to reiterate my heartfelt gratitude to those who have dedicated their lives to help, protect, and save animals not only here in the United States, but also across the globe. f 
MITCHELL MONTALVO INVITED TO JOIN NATIONAL SOCIETY OF COLLEGIATE SCHOLARS 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mitchell Montalvo of Katy, TX, for being invited to join the National Society of Collegiate Scholars (NSCS). Mitchell is studying computer engineering at the University of Houston, where he accepted a full scholarship from the U.S. Air Force. Membership to NSCS is by invitation only and based on a student’s class standing and grade-point average. NSCS is part of the As-sociation of College Honor Societies and is the only interdisciplinary honors organization for first and second year college students in the country. After graduating, Mitchell plans to enter the Air Force as a second lieutenant, specializing in cyber warfare. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Mitchell Montalvo for his invitation to join NSCS. We are very proud of him and look for-ward to his future service to our country. 
f 
HONORING WILLIE WHITE 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Willie White, who is an Educator, a Leader and Public Servant. Willie is a native of Canton, MS, where he and his older brother, Booker T. Jones, grew up and were raised by their grandparents. He is the second oldest child of Earl Jones and Lonnie B. White Bratton. In the late forties, both parents relocated to different Northern states, married and other siblings were born. The 68 year old, credits his stern grand-parents for him becoming the man he is today. After receiving his Elementary and High School education from the Madison County Public School District, he entered Alcorn State University in the fall of 1967 on a track schol-arship. To avoid being drafted by the Army or the Marine Corp after receiving draft notices from both, he joined the Navy in 1970, where he served for twenty-one years on active duty and ten years reserved duty. During this time he served three tours in the Vietnam War. Be-cause of his brave and heroic acts, he was in-ducted into the San Diego Aerospace Museum Hall of Champions in Balboa Park in San Diego, CA in 1989, along with receiving nu-merous other medals and awards. Willie retired from the military in 1990 and began working as a Logistic Management Specialist for Naval Air Technical Data and Engineering Service Command (NATEC), which is a department of the defense sup-porting the war fighters. During this time, he graduated from Defense Acquisition Univer-sity, San Diego, CA. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.020 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE429 April 3, 2017 
His tenure as an athlete, a high school, col-lege and military track coach combined for more than forty years. He received all con-ference honors in football and track for the U.S. Navy, qualified in Track & Field for the U.S. Olympic team in 1972, but due to military obligations was unable to attend; California High School Coach of the year five times, and received the KGTV Channel 10 San Diego award in 1999 for outstanding citizenship in the community. He also served as chaplain and spiritual leader for the Mill Park Home Boys organization in San Diego, California. In 1963 and 1966, Willie marched with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in Canton, MS. In 2000 he was awarded the Martin Luther King, Jr. award in Canton, for his participation in these marches trying to ensure equal and civil rights for all mankind. Since moving to Grenada, MS in 2011, where he now calls home, Willie has been very active in the community. He is continuing to use his knowledge and skills volunteering in various clubs, groups and civic organizations. He serves as president of the Male choir, an usher and on the Board of Trustees at Greater Pleasant Grove M.B. Church, Gore Springs, MS. He has membership in the following orga-nizations: Grenada 100 Black Men of America, Inc., The American Legion and V.F.W. Post, Grenada Baptist District Association Men Divi-sion, Grenada Chamber of Commerce Smile Team, Montgomery-Carroll-Grenada County Alcorn State University Alumni Chapter, Alcorn State University National Alumni Association, Community Relations Council member for Finch-Henry Job Corps Center, and a board member of Central Mississippi Incorporated. Willie also volunteers at Grenada High School by giving assistance to the track coach and the ROTC program. He is the father of four children, ten grand-children and five great grandchildren. Willie is currently married to his college sweetheart Mildrette Netter White, a 1968 Olympic Gold Medalist. When he is not busy giving back to the community, he enjoys singing, listening to music, gardening, traveling and spending time with his family and friends. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Mr. Willie White, an Educator, a Leader and Public Servant, for his dedication to serving others and giving back to the Afri-can American Community. 
f 
VARTEGA CARBON FIBER RECYCLING 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Vartega Carbon Fiber Re-cycling for winning the 2016 Innovative Tech-nology Award from the Jeffco EDC. The award recognizes a company that is on the forefront of new and advanced tech-nologies and show leadership in the industries of aerospace, aviation, bioscience, energy, photonics, nontechnology or the like. Founded in 2014, Vartega is a technology development company specializing in the car-bon fiber-reinforced plastic recycling process. Repurposing scrap materials, their innovative technology and processes enables them to provide low-cost carbon fiber for mass-market applications while maximizing the environ-mental benefit of carbon fiber. Using low-cost recycled carbon fiber, the Vartega process helps to reduce fuel consumption and waste, and it diverts thousands of tons of waste from landfills each year. I extend my deepest congratulations to Vartega Carbon Fiber Recycling for this well- deserved recognition from the Jeffco EDC. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE WHITE HOUSE ACCOUNTABILITY FOR LANGUAGE DIVERSITY ACT 
HON. J. LUIS CORREA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, in January, I wrote to President Trump requesting informa-tion about why the Spanish language option on the White House website was deleted. Al-though the White House did state that a Span-ish option was under development, in the al-most two months since I wrote the letter, I have not received a response nor has an offi-cial White House Spanish website been pub-lished. As I stated in my letter to President Trump, there are many taxpayers whose first lan-guage is not English. Spanish along with Chi-nese, Tagalog, and Vietnamese are the most commonly spoken languages in the U.S. Con-stituents benefit tremendously from having lan-guage options to access their government and receive information that may impact their lives. This is why it is imperative that the White House and federal agencies continue to be accessible to all taxpayers. It is vital for my constituents and all Ameri-cans to be able to follow issues that affect their lives. I will continue to work to ensure that more taxpayers have access to informa-tion in the language they choose to utilize at home and in their communities. Therefore, today, I am introducing the White House Accountability for Language Diversity Act. This legislation will require the White House and federal agencies to establish Spanish, Chinese, Tagalog, and Vietnamese language options for their official websites. This will ensure that millions of taxpayers have the option of accessing up-to-date information in their preferred language. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NYC HEALTH + HOSPITALS WOODHULL 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate NYC Health + Hospitals Woodhull on their recognition from the Human Rights Campaign (HRC) for an outstanding commitment to LGBTQ healthcare equality. In the HRC’s Healthcare Equality Index, Woodhull earned the distinction of being a Leader in LGBTQ Healthcare Equality. When compared with other hospitals, Woodhull ex-emplifies fair practices and policies towards the LGBTQ community. This honor reflects Woodhull’s deep and un-wavering commitment to serving underrep-resented communities with the utmost profes-sionalism and care. To ensure cultural com-petence, staff at Woodhull have undergone comprehensive training to meet the needs of the LGBTQ community. Woodhull has a proud history of serving the residents of North Brooklyn, regardless of their ability to pay. Many of these residents are my constituents and one of my top priorities is making sure that our diverse community is treated with the respect and dignity they de-serve. When it comes to receiving healthcare, no individual should fear discrimination based on sexual orientation. It is crucial that all Ameri-cans receive high quality care and I applaud Woodhull for their inclusivity and dedication to serving the LGBTQ community. f 
HIGH SCHOOL ROBOTICS TEAM QUALIFIES FOR ROBOTICS WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Cinco Ranch High School Robotics Team 624, CRyptonite, of Katy, TX, for qualifying for the For Inspiration and Rec-ognition of Science and Technology (FIRST) Robotics Competition World Championship. To qualify for the FIRST World Champion-ship, CRyptonite had to win the Chairman’s Award, which goes to the team that best emu-lates the goals of FIRST. FIRST’s mission is to inspire students to be tomorrow’s science and technology leaders through engaging and innovative programs and competitions. To earn the Chairman’s Award, CRyptonite had to demonstrate excellence over several years, by doing robot demos in schools, businesses and public venues. CRyptonite also played a big part in the building of the Robert Shaw Center for STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts and math), which has raised awareness and interest in robotics competitions in the Katy Independent School District. CRyptonite will compete in the FIRST World Champion-ship in Houston this April 19 through 22. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to CRyptonite for qualifying for the FIRST Ro-botics Competition World Championship. We wish them good luck and look forward to see-ing their future success. 
f 
HONORING HENRY ‘‘LIL SONNY’’ NICKSON, JR. 
HON. BENNIE G. THOMPSON 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to honor Tunica County Board Supervisor Henry ‘‘Lil Sonny’’ Nickson, Jr. Supervisor Nickson was born to Mary and Henry Nickson, Sr. He has one sister, Sharla Brown-Nickson and was raised in Tunica, MS. Mr. Nickson is 40 years old. He is an 8th 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.023 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE430 April 3, 2017 
grade Social Studies teacher at Tunica Middle School in the Tunica County School District. He previously served two terms on the Board of Alderman for the Town of Tunica. Mr. Nickson was the First African American elect-ed to this position in Tunica County’s history. He currently is in his second term as Tunica County Supervisor/District No. 4. Supervisor Nickson is recognized amongst his family, his community, and his colleagues as a man of integrity and for the service, com-passion, and outstanding spirit he has. He regularly attends and serves as a member of Pleasant Ridge Missionary Baptist Church in Tunica, Mississippi. Supervisor Nickson attended and graduated from public high school in Tunica County. After earning his high school diploma from Rosa Fort High School (1994), he attended Jackson State University in Jackson, MS (Spr ’99) as a Business Management Major. He be-came a member of Phi Beta Sigma Fraternity, Inc. Alpha Beta Chapter. He is a member of Keystone No. 20, Masonic Lodge. For a few years after graduating from Jackson State Uni-versity, Mr. Nickson enrolled in graduate school at Jackson State University (MAT Alter-native Route Teaching Program). Also, he worked as a substitute teacher at Murrah High School and Mazzio’s Pizza in Jackson, MS. After 2 years in Jackson, he returned to Tunica to be closer to his children and family. On his return back to his hometown, Henry started jobs as a teacher’s aide in the Tunica County School District and Jailor at the Tunica County Sheriff’s Department. Also, Henry began the journey to become a licensed teacher. After a year as a substitute teacher, in 2001 Henry was hired as a GED/ESL/ BASIC skills instructor for Coahoma Commu-nity College (Adult Basic Education Program). During the next several years, Henry would get promoted at the Tunica County Sheriff’s Department as: Jail Supervisor (Corporal), County Team Leader (Coahoma Community College/Adult Basic Education Program), served as Planning Commissioner (Tunica County District No. 4), served as Tunica County Coordinator for Congressman T
HOMP -
SON, and returned back to the Tunica County School District as an In-School Suspension Coordinator and GED instructor. In 2009, Henry obtained his teacher’s license and was hired at Tunica Middle School as a Social Studies Teacher/Coach and in 2010 obtained his Masters of Art Degree in Teaching from Belhaven University. Henry is currently work-ing on completing his EDS in Educational Leadership and Administration Program at Delta State University. Although he excelled in his employment, Supervisor Nickson’s political career has been rewarding. In 2005, He became the 1st African American to qualify and win a political seat in the Town as Alderman/Ward No. 5. After an unsuccessful bid for state representative/Dis-trict No. 9 in 2007, he regrouped and in 2012 was elected to the Tunica County Board of Supervisors (after an unsuccessful bid in 2003) and is currently in his 2nd term as Vice- president of the Tunica County Board of Su-pervisors. Supervisor Nickson is married to Lashunna Owens-Nickson (Jackson State University ’04) of Heidelberg, MS. They have eight children: Henri, Chasidy, Anthony, James, Chasity (Jackson State University), Khalid (Jackson State University), Khalil (Jackson State Univer-sity) and Nikesha (Concorde Nursing Pro-gram). Supervisor Henry ‘‘Lil Sonny’’ Nickson, Jr.’s leadership, passion, dedication, dependability, and service has made him synonymous with being one of the best, if not the best, elected official and community leader in the state of Mississippi. At the end of the day, Henry ‘‘Lil Sonny’’ Nickson, Jr. is recognized for his serv-ice to God, his family, his country, his commu-nity, and the people that seek his help. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Supervisor Henry ‘‘Lil Sonny’’ Nickson, Jr. for his dedication to serving this great state and country. f 
IN HONOR OF CAROL GUTIERREZ 
HON. JACKIE SPEIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Carol Gutierrez, a teacher in the Hillsborough City School District for 27 years, who is being honored with the Community Care Award from the Associated Parents’ Group. This award is given to a non-resident employee of the school district who has made sustained, sig-nificant and lasting contributions that have touched the lives of our children and benefited the community as a whole. Carol has taught at West and North Hillsborough Elementary schools and was also a writing enrichment teacher at South for one year. Her love of children and drive to prepare them for the real world and successful lives has earned her the admiration and adoration of her students, their parents and her col-leagues alike. The school district is extraor-dinarily fortunate to have such a top-notch and dedicated teacher. Carol’s secret to success is that she teach-es students to trust their own instincts and to follow their own passions. The students also learn to share those passions with fellow stu-dents in their own classes and in other class-es, which creates a wonderful learning envi-ronment that nurtures individualism and com-munity at the same time. In her current position as a 2nd grade teacher at North, Carol incorporates art, tech-nology, cooperative learning and exploration time to engage her students. Examples of such activities include Business Day, Design Thinking Challenges and Recycled Art. Her classroom is vibrant, comfortable, welcoming and open. It is with good reason that one of her recent students said, ‘‘School can’t get better than this. I love Ms. Gutierrez.’’ As a 5th grade teacher at West, Carol and two of her colleagues developed and refined a community service jobs program and a trip to our Nation’s Capital. They also differentiated instruction with theme projects, led a math peer tutor program at lunch and promoted in-terest in world culture by hosting an annual geography bee. Carol also served as a new teacher mentor for the district. Carol was born in East Chicago, Indiana and earned her BA from U.C. Berkeley. She and her husband Michael Gutierrez have three children, Nikolas, Katie and Joseph. In her spare time, Carol enjoys spending time with her family, drawing, cooking and exercising. Mr. Speaker, I ask the Members of the House of Representatives to join me in recog-nizing an exemplary and beloved teacher in the Hillsborough City School District. Carol Gutierrez brings out the best in every single one of her students and sets them on a path to success and life-long learning. f 
INTRODUCTION OF A BILL TO ES-TABLISH AN ELECTRONIC SYS-TEM FOR TRAVEL AUTHORIZA-TION FOR THE GUAM CNMI VISA WAIVER PROGRAM 
HON. MADELEINE Z. BORDALLO 
OF GUAM  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I re-in-troduce legislation to authorize and establish an Electronic System for Travel Authorization (ESTA) for the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Pro-gram, and direct revenue from the established system to fund CBP operations and staffing needs for ports of entry in Guam and the CNMI. The regional Guam-CNMI VWP recognizes Guam’s unique location in Asia, and the need to be more competitive for tourists from other Asian nations. With Guam’s primary source of economic revenue being tourism from Asia, my legislation would address several issues that have hampered our visitor industry and that continue to cost CBP millions of dollars annually in processing costs. The majority of foreign arrivals at Guam International Airport are those traveling under the Guam-CNMI VWP, and long immigration lines are a recur-ring issue due to limited staffing capacity when arrivals peak at Guam International Airport. At their peak, sometimes 1,200 passengers ar-rive when multiple flights arrive nearly simulta-neously the wait times at immigration can be as long as two and a half hours. I recognize that there are complaints about long wait lines at other international ports of entry. However, the long wait-times have caused harm to Guam’s reputation in our pri-mary visitor markets of Japan and South Korea. In fact, Japan television shows and radio programs have mocked the long lines and wait times at Guam International Airport, which has negatively impacted Guam’s stand-ing as a family-friendly destination for our Asian allies. The flight from Japan or South Korea is a little over three hours and, sadly, some of these visitors have waited about as long, or at times longer, in line than it takes to travel from their home country to Guam. That is unacceptable and runs counter to the pre-vious Administration’s goal of improving the arrivals process for international travelers ar-riving in the United States, as outlined in a memorandum to heads of executive depart-ments and agencies on May 22, 2014. My leg-islation would work to address the problems that are occurring with long wait times at our respective ports of entry. Tourism is critical to the economies of the region, and we cannot let an antiquated visitor entry system and in-adequate staffing harm our economy. Establishing an ESTA specific to the Guam- CNMI Visa Waiver Program would help to ad-dress several issues faced by visitors arriving at Guam International Airport. First, the current process relies on a paper-based system which is cumbersome and only adds to the delays when arriving. The bill would allow CBP to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.027 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE431 April 3, 2017 
automate that process and, as a result, save an estimated $4 million annually that is used by CBP to process and file the paper forms. This is a commonsense reform that will save the federal government money and improve the customer experience at Guam Inter-national Airport and ports of entry in the CNMI. Admittedly, CBP has the authority to create an ESTA system for the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program. However, they do not have the authority to direct revenues collected from this automated process towards staffing at ports of entry in Guam and CNMI. As such, it is the consensus of tourism industry leaders and other stakeholders that there is an ulti-mate need for this legislation. I am informed that staffing has not increased in Guam since after the 9/11 attacks. The CBP staffing pat-tern was sufficient, but as the number of tour-ists grows on Guam the lines have also grown and the staffing has not kept up with demand. Making the visitor entry process into ports of entry in Guam and CNMI electronic is part of the solution, but additional staffing is still re-quired especially since nearly 50 percent of our visitors are first-time visitors and cannot avail themselves of Automated Passport Con-trol (APC) systems. I am proud of the innovative programming that brings people from all over the world to Guam. For example last year, Guam hosted the Festival of the Pacific Arts (FestPac) a quadrennial cultural event for island nations in the Pacific, which is the largest gathering for Pacific peoples to unite and strengthen our cultural ties. Over 12,000 visitors, cultural per-formers, and native artists came to Guam to participate in FestPac, and I appreciated the commitment of former Commissioner R. Gil Kerlikowske to ensure there was adequate staffing at Guam International Airport. But that additional staffing was accomplished by ap-proving extra overtime for employees which is a costly endeavor. Events like FestPac show the maturation and growth of Guam’s tourism industry. Improving the processes and capa-bilities of our ports of entry to ensure a pleas-ant experience for our visitors is a top priority, and the solutions must be long-standing and sustainable. We cannot simply rely on over-time of employees to meet the current and emerging demands at our main international port of entry. An ESTA for the Guam-CNMI Visa Waiver Program is an innovative, sustainable, com-mon-sense, and cost-saving technological so-lution that would save the federal government millions, improve the visitor experience for our tourists, and increase resources to improve CBP capabilities by freeing up important per-sonnel capacity to effectively monitor real threats to our national security. An electronic system for travel authorization would ultimately modernize and improve a Visa Waiver Pro-gram that continues to benefit the people of Guam and CNMI. My bill would help ensure that federal policy enhances economic oppor-tunities and development in our region instead of being an impediment. AMERICAN HEALTH CARE ACT 
HON. SUZANNE BONAMICI 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in oppo-sition to the American Health Care Act— TrumpCare—and to express my relief that it was removed from consideration before a vote. This proposal would have been a dis-aster for Oregonians and Americans. People would pay more and get less, and if they couldn’t afford to pay more, they’d be out of luck. Many would face a future without health in-surance, or with inadequate coverage. The bill was especially bad for seniors, whose rates would have increased significantly. Without coverage, working families are a cancer diagnosis or a heart attack away from economic ruin. When I worked at Legal Aid, many clients were struggling to repay medical debt after getting sick with no insurance or in-surance that didn’t cover their needs. We can’t go back to the days when medical debt forced people into bankruptcy. At my recent town hall meeting in McMinnville, Oregon a woman told me that her father-in-law suffered a massive stroke. Without coverage under the ACA, their family wouldn’t have been able to afford the heli-copter transport to Portland or his care at a re-habilitation facility. Astoundingly, the TrumpCare bill also elimi-nated essential health benefits; several impor-tant consumer protections the Affordable Care Act added to insurance. By removing these benefits, TrumpCare would not cover many critical services, like mental health care, emer-gency room services, and maternity care. This change in the bill, added late at night in a des-perate but unsuccessful attempt to gain more support from conservatives, would mean that people would once again buy insurance poli-cies that would not cover their needs. Additionally, TrumpCare made meaningless the ACA guarantee that people with pre-existing conditions cannot be discriminated against or denied coverage. With TrumpCare, people with pre-existing conditions would face insurmountable bills if unexpected illness or in-juries occur. Finally, women would stand to lose signifi-cantly under TrumpCare. Women who get life-saving cancer screenings and care at Planned Parenthood would have to find a new provider. Without insurance plans covering maternity care, women would struggle to get prenatal care—or simply go without. New mothers with-out insurance could face $50,000 in bills after a cesarean section. I was strongly opposed to TrumpCare be-cause it was terrible policy for Oregonians and Americans. I will continue to do everything in my power to protect Oregonians from the pay more, get less policies that are currently under consideration by the leadership of the House of Representatives. Americans need the stability of knowing they will have affordable health care coverage. I stand ready to work with all of my colleagues on policies that improve access to affordable health care for everyone. PERSONAL EXPLANATION HON. STEPHANIE N. MURPHY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on April 3, 2017, I was unavoidably absent in the House Chamber due to a family medical emergency. Due to these unforeseen cir-cumstances, I was unable to vote on two leg-islative measures on the floor. I want to express my strong support for H. Res. 92, a resolution condemning North Ko-rea’s development of multiple intercontinental ballistic missiles. I am a cosponsor of this measure. Had I been present and voting on Roll Call No. 209, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ Likewise, I support H.R. 479, the North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Designation Act of 2017. This bill expresses the sense of Congress that the Government of North Korea likely meets the criteria for designation as a state sponsor of terrorism and, if so, should be so designated. The bill also requires the State Department to provide a report to Congress on actions the Government of North Korea has taken to support terrorism. Had I been present and voting on Roll Call No. 210, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
f 
NORTH KOREA STATE SPONSOR OF TERRORISM DESIGNATION ACT (H.R. 479) AND CONDEMNING NORTH KOREA’S DEVELOPMENT OF INTERNATIONAL BALLISTIC MISSILES (H. RES. 92) 
HON. CHRISTOPHER H. SMITH 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, North Korea is an existential threat to its neighbors and a global menace that requires constant vigilance and close cooperation be-tween the U.S. and its regional allies. Ignoring North Korea’s dangerous actions has been a bipartisan problem of the last three Adminis-trations—and it is one that continues to need bipartisan solutions from the Congress. Secretary Tillerson announced recently that the U.S. will no longer be guided by the policy of ‘‘strategic patience.’’ The U.S. cannot sit on the sidelines while Kim Jong-un proliferates nuclear and missile technology, sponsors ter-rorism and human trafficking efforts, and con-tinues to abuse the North Korean people. We trust that the threat posed by North Korea will be high on the agenda of President Trump and President Xi meeting this week. As we all know, the Chinese government’s ac-tions have not always been helpful. Though the U.N. Commission of Inquiry on North Korea recommended the U.N. impose targeted sanctions on the North Korean lead-ers responsible for massive crimes against hu-manity, China blocked effective U.N. actions. China’s February announcement that it would cut off coal exports to North Korea is a needed and important step. But senior Chi-nese officials, such as Foreign Minister Wang Yi, continue to describe the China-North Korea relationship as being one of ‘‘like lips to teeth.’’ In other words, there is little daylight between Beijing and Pyongyang. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.029 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE432 April 3, 2017 
Such statements are not helpful when North Korea’s nuclear proliferation and its develop-ment of multiple intercontinental ballistic mis-siles threaten to destabilize the world. The U.S. Intelligence Community’s 2016 Worldwide Threat Assessment concluded that North Korea is ‘‘committed to developing a long- range, nuclear-armed missile that is capable of posing a direct threat to the United States. Despite China’s objections, there is need for deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system and to conduct joint military exercises to strengthen coordination and cooperation posed by the threat of the North Korean military. The threat to the U.S. and its allies is not only in East Asia, but in the Middle East as well. We are certain that Iran, to whom the past Administration released billions of dollars, is one of North Korean’s nuclear partners. As witnesses testified at a joint hearing last July held jointly by three Foreign Affairs sub-committees, there is ample evidence that Iran has a longstanding nuclear collaboration with North Korea. We should be very concerned that the Ira-nians will at some point acquire fissile material beyond what they are allowed to produce for themselves and threaten U.S. regional allies, including Israel. We must continue to uncover both Pyongyang’s enablers and those it enables. We should target with sanctions those individ-uals responsible for gross human rights viola-tions inside the so-called ‘‘hermit kingdom’’ and stop money and materials from reaching terrorists and nuclear proliferators globally. There is growing evidence that sanctions are having some effect. We know that high- level diplomats, military leaders, and the fami-lies of high-ranking officials are defecting— they are recognizing that they will be held ac-countable if they continue to support Kim Jong-Un’s barbaric regime. I urge support for the legislation offered today and commend my colleagues for bring-ing this important legislation before the House. 
f 
WHAT DO WE HAVE TO LOSE: THE SUPREME COURT 
HON. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this week, the United States Senate will consider the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the U.S. Supreme Court. Since President Trump first nominated Judge Gorsuch in January of this year, there has been fierce debate regarding his credentials, political leanings, and the circumstances sur-rounding his nomination. The circumstances surrounding Judge Gorsuch’s nomination are alarming. It is only due to Republican obstructionism during Presi-dent Obama’s Administration that Congress is even considering Judge Gorsuch’s nomination. After the passing of Justice Antonin Scalia in February 2016, Republicans in the Senate made an unprecedented move to stall the nomination of Judge Merrick Garland—Presi-dent Obama’s nominee—for a record 293 days. It was the source of tremendous tension during President Obama’s final year in the White House, and undermined the integrity of the highest court in our lands and our delicate system of checks and balances. Under Senate Majority Leader MITCH MCCONNELL ’s leader-ship, Senate Republicans refused to hold a single hearing, vote, or take a single action to advance Judge Garland’s nomination. Freshly uncovered ties between President Trump and his close allies and advisors to the Kremlin have also raised numerous concerns about his nominees and the individuals who President Trump is selecting to fill the most trusted positions within our government. With the resignation of retired Gen. Michael Flynn, former National Security Advisor, former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, and foreign policy advisor Carter Page, there is a clear pattern emerging in President Trump’s Administration. Members of Congress and oth-ers have begun asking questions, and the American people deserve answers before we allow President Trump’s nominations to move forward. Judge Gorsuch’s record on the issues also deserves additional scrutiny. While Judge Gorsuch’s conservative views are not an out-right cause for concern, his record on issues impacting minority groups, women, and work-ers, and his positions favoring police immunity and corporate interests are cause for concern. Mr. Speaker, this Congress needs to come together to carefully evaluate Judge Gorsuch’s nomination to the Supreme Court. Given President Trump’s alleged ties to the Russian Government, I believe it is wise to suspend any of President Trump’s nominations until Congress can satisfy any concerns sur-rounding these ties. It is also hypocritical for Republicans in Congress to cry foul of Demo-crats for trying to delay Judge Gorsuch’s nom-ination when just a few months prior, Repub-licans had unjustly delayed President Obama’s nominee for a record-setting 293 days. We must act in the best interests of our own coun-try, and I believe that entails delaying the nomination of Judge Neil Gorsuch. 
f 
OPPOSING NOMINATION OF JUDGE NEIL M. GORSUCH TO BE ASSO-CIATE JUSTICE OF THE SU-PREME COURT 
HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, April 3, 2017 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a sen-ior member of the House Committee on the Judiciary, Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, and member of the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to express my views regarding the nom-ination of Judge Neil Gorsuch to be Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. The Supreme Court is the highest court in the land and the final arbiter of our Constitu-tion and laws, and its rulings can impact the lives and rights of all Americans as shown in the cases of Brown v. Board of Education, Roe v. Wade; Miranda v. Arizona; Gideon v. Wainwright; New York Times v. Sullivan; Obergefell v. Hodges; and Shelby County v. Holder, to name but a few. Judge Gorsuch is a judge with an agenda, as demonstrated by his record on the federal bench, as well as his writings, speeches, and activities throughout his career. Judge Gorsuch’s frequent dissents and con-currences show he is out of the mainstream of legal thought and unwilling to accept the con-structs of binding precedent and stare decisis when they dictate results he disfavors. Judge Gorsuch’s appointment to the Court would tip the balance in a direction that would undermine many of the core rights and legal protections Americans cherish. For the reasons I will discuss in detail, the Senate should reject his nomination and not consent to his confirmation as the next Asso-ciate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. On Election Night the President-Elect pledged to the nation that he would be a president to all Americans. That pledge will ring hollow to tens of mil-lions of Americans in light of his nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to be an Associate Justice of the U.S. Supreme Court. Perhaps nothing would do more to reassure the American people that the President is committed to unifying the nation than the nom-ination and appointment of a person to be As-sociate Justice who has a record of cham-pioning and protecting, rather than opposing and undermining, the precious right to vote; the constitutionally guaranteed right of privacy, criminal justice reform, and support for reform of the nation’s immigration system so that it is fair and humane. That is not to be found in the record or character of Judge Gorsuch. It should not be forgotten that the vacancy at issue was created in February 2016 by the death of Justice Antonin Scalia and should have been filled by the confirmation of the eminently qualified Judge Merrick Garland, Chief Judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. In fact, the only reason Judge Garland is not now on the Court is because Republican Senators disregarded a century of precedent and their constitutional oaths and refused to consider the nomination because it was made by President Obama. Judge Gorsuch’s conservative ideology and professed judicial philosophy of ‘‘original in-tent,’’ which more accurately should be called the doctrine of predetermined result, has been at the core of his prior legal decisions. He is not an unbiased judge; at best, he is a younger, more charming version of Judge Robert Bork, who was rejected 58–42 by the Senate in 1987. Unlike his predecessors, Presidents Obama, Clinton, Reagan, Eisenhower among them, the current President did not consult in advance with the bipartisan leadership of the Senate and its Judiciary Committee. Instead, the President selected Judge Gorsuch from the list of names provided him by the right-wing legal group, the Federalists Society. Judge Gorsuch’s adherence to originalism is alarming and should raise concerns for all Americans because on a narrowly divided Court, his could be the deciding vote to dis-mantle many of the constitutional safeguards and protections upheld by the Court that have moved the country forward and made it better. Judge Gorsuch has a history of ruling against people who have used the legal sys-tem to hold government officials accountable. He has also used the bench to rule in favor of large corporations routinely and against the rights of workers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.032 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE433 April 3, 2017 
He has been lenient on those that have used excessive force and police brutality. His record demonstrates hostility towards equal opportunity, worker’s rights, women’s access to reproductive healthcare services, and protections for persons with disabilities. For example, in TransAm Trucking, Inc. v. Administrative Review Board, the majority held that a trucking company unlawfully fired an employee in violation of federal whistleblower protections. The employee, Alphonse Maddin, was a truck driver whose brakes broke down in the middle of a freezing January night in Illinois. The truck heater didn’t work either, and he got so cold that he couldn’t feel his feet or torso, and he had trouble breathing. Nonetheless, his boss ordered him to wait in the truck until a repairperson arrived. After waiting for three hours, Mr. Maddin fi-nally drove off in the truck and left the trailer behind, in search of assistance. His employer fired him a week later for vio-lating company policy by abandoning his load while under dispatch. The panel majority said the firing was un-lawful, but Judge Gorsuch dissented and said the employee should have followed orders even at the risk of serious injury. In NLRB v. Community Health Services, Inc., Judge Gorsuch again dissented from a majority opinion that found in favor of employ-ees, where a hospital was required to award back pay to 13 employees whose hours had been reduced in violation of the National Labor Relations Act. Judge Gorsuch’s frequent and recurring dis-sents in workers’ rights cases suggest a re-fusal to follow binding case law when it leads to results that favor workers rather than busi-nesses and employers. In Strickland v. UPS, Gorsuch dissented from a ruling giving a I female UPS driver a chance to prove sex discrimination, arguing that the plaintiff had not provided evidence that she was treated less favorably than her male colleagues even though her coworkers testified and gave written testimony detailing the level of mistreatment they witnessed her receiving while employed by UPS. Hwang v. Kansas State University involved a professor employed by Kansas State Univer-sity who was diagnosed with cancer, and after treatments requested an extension for her dis-ability due to a flu outbreak on the campus, which could potentially compromise her health. Judge Gorsuch ruled that ‘‘showing up’’ for work is an essential job function and that the Rehabilitation Act should not be used as a safety net for employees who cannot work. In Planned Parenthood Association of Utah v. Herbert, Judge Gorsuch dissented against the court’s majority decision to decline a full court review of the case, in which, Governor Herbert of Utah stripped federal funding away from Planned Parenthood. Neither party requested a full court review, however, Judge Gorsuch desired to deviate from court practices and norms to signal his favor for Governor Herbert’s decision. This particular case amplifies Judge Gorsuch’s inability to remain impartial when deciding cases that may conflict with his per-sonal beliefs. Throughout his tenure as a Judge, Judge Gorsuch’s record indicates his hostility toward women’s rights and his willingness to overlook institutions that discriminate against women. Women will likely be disproportionately im-pacted by Judge Gorsuch’s appointment to the United States Supreme Court and any deci-sions related to health, labor, and reproductive justice. Judge Gorsuch’s record shows that he be-lieves police officers always should be granted qualified immunity, allowing police officers and other government officials to avoid being held accountable for the excessive use of force. His record on police immunity aligns with President Trump’s belief in police impunity. In cases where victims of excessive force did not pose an imminent threat to police safe-ty, Judge Gorsuch has a tendency to side with police. Judge Gorsuch’s judicial record on police accountability minimizes the Fourth Amend-ment protections against warrantless search and seizure. In three separate cases, Judge Gorsuch ruled in favor of police searches of vehicles without a warrant. As an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, Judge Gorsuch would be one of the nine individuals tasked with one of the most critical systems of Amer-ican democracy. Because of the decisions rendered by the Supreme Court of the United States, women have been granted reproductive rights, de jure segregation and discrimination against African- Americans has been abolished and their right to vote protected, workers have been granted security from exploitative labor practices; and marriage equality is the law of the land. If confirmed to a evenly divided United States Supreme Court, it is unlikely that Judge Gorsuch would have a balanced, unbiased view of important issues. Judge Gorsuch’s extreme judicial philosophy of original intent would likely lead him to cast decisive, out-of-the mainstream votes that re-verse significant gains in the areas of police accountability, civil rights and liberties, wom-en’s reproductive rights, and workers’ rights. Judge Gorsuch’s record in each of these areas should raise concerns for all Americans. Opposing Judge Gorsuch is not a difficult decision; for members of the communities rep-resented by CBC members, it is a matter of survival, of life and death. An Associate Justice would be expected to be an independent jurist capable of rendering judicial decisions that prevent executive over-reach. No senator should vote to confirm the nomi-nation of Judge Neil Gorsuch as Associate Justice if he or she has the slightest doubt that he possesses the character, qualities, in-tegrity, and commitment to justice and equality needed for this position. 
[From the National Law Journal, Mar. 22, 2017] L
AWYERS IN GORSUCH ‘FROZEN TRUCKER ’ CASE S
URPRISED AT ATTENTION  (By Marcia Coyle) The case of the frozen trucker sounds like a Conan Doyle mystery but it has become a focal point in Judge Neil Gorsuch’s con-firmation hearings, to the surprise of the lawyers who faced off before the judge—and to the frustration of one of them. ‘‘Would I have anticipated this last year? Of course not,’’ said Robert Fetter of De-troit’s Miller Cohen, who represented the truck driver in a suit over the lawfulness of his termination. ‘‘It’s just a strange set of circumstances that gets this case on the na-tional radar.’’ Attorney Brad Thoenen of Kansas City, Missouri’s Seigfreid Bingham, who rep-resented the trucking company in the case, said: ‘‘From a professional perspective, I’m very intrigued how this little case that I got to work on now comes up in something as important as this.’’ He added: ‘‘It’s kind of cool.’’ The case is Transam Trucking v. Adminis-trative Review Board, which the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit—Gorsuch’s home for the past decade—ruled on last year. The 2–1 panel, with Gorsuch in dissent, ruled for truck driver Alphonse Maddin. Gorsuch’s dissent has loomed large in U.S. Senate Democrats’ portrayal of the nominee as a judge who more often than not sides with the companies against the ‘‘little guy.’’ Democrats have challenged Gorsuch often about the dissent during his Senate Judici-ary Committee hearings, which continued Wednesday. The backstory, in brief: [Alphonse] Maddin, driving through Illinois, had waited more than three hours in freezing tempera-tures in an unheated truck for assistance. The brakes had frozen on his trailer. He was fired after disconnecting the trailer and driv-ing off because his feet and legs were going numb. His employer had instructed him to stay with the truck until a repair team ar-rived or to drive the truck while pulling the trailer with the failed brakes. In his dissent, Gorsuch said the law only forbids firing an employee who refuses to op-erate a vehicle out of safety concerns. ‘‘The trucker in this case wasn’t fired for refusing to operate his vehicle,’’ Gorsuch wrote. ‘‘The trucker was fired only after he declined the statutorily protected option (refuse to oper-ate) and chose instead to operate his vehicle in a manner he thought wise but his em-ployer did not.’’ RELUCTANT PARTICIPANT  Maddin and two others who were nega-tively affected by Gorsuch opinions recently appeared at a press conference sponsored by several Senate Democrats. A Detroit resi-dent, Maddin has been unable to find work as a driver since his firing seven years ago and is ‘‘somewhat homeless,’’ said Fetter, who has stayed in touch. ‘‘He’s a reluctant participant in these things,’’ Fetter said in an interview this week. ‘‘He is just a regular guy and kind of shocked his case is getting this attention.’’ The case began more than seven years ago when Maddin, on his own, filed a complaint with the Occupational Safety and Health Ad-ministration. The agency undertook an in-vestigation. Maddin had been unable to find a lawyer to represent him until he reached Fetter. That happened around the time the OSHA ruled against him. ‘‘I saw there was an issue and wanted to represent him,’’ Fetter recalled. ‘‘I had a lot of empathy for what he went through.’’ Through administrative proceedings, Maddin ultimately won. The company then turned to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. ‘‘I’m a Detroit lawyer,’’ Fetter said. ‘‘I practice in circuit courts pretty regularly, either the Sixth or D.C. circuits. We have maybe one case in the history of the firm that gets to the Tenth Circuit; it has pretty egregious facts and we happen to get to Judge Gorsuch on the panel. He writes a dis-sent with this textualist argument that keys it up for interest in a Supreme Court con-firmation hearing. That set of circumstances is pretty astounding.’’ At oral argument in the case, Fetter said, Gorsuch was ‘‘incredibly’’ hostile in tone to-wards him and the Labor Department attor-ney who shared his argument time ‘‘It was not pleasant,’’ Fetter said of the experience. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:40 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.034 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE434 April 3, 2017 
Fetter said he has been watching some of Gorsuch’s hearing and would normally pay attention to a U.S. Supreme Court confirma-tion hearing. ‘‘Whether I would watch as much as I did [Tuesday], probably not,’’ he added. ‘‘I’ve looked at this one with par-ticular interest. I’m watching Judge Gorsuch being grilled by [Sen. Al] Franken over my case and I’m feeling some sympathy for him, but then I remember my case, and I have no sympathy.’’ The Gorsuch hearing is the first that Thoenen, the lawyer for Transam, has watched. ‘‘We were certainly interested in seeing how [the Transam case] would come up,’’ he said. ‘‘We were aware of it when he was nom-inated and as the nomination process has gone on, we’ve been watching to see how it gets portrayed.’’ 
MUCH MORE TO THE STORY  The portrayal of the case, he said, has been a source of frustration to the firm, which has represented Transam for a number of years. ‘‘The narrative is: Frozen trucker and fro-zen trucker gets fired from job,’’ Thoenen said. ‘‘There’s much, much more to the story that doesn’t come out.’’ Thoenen continued: ‘‘As soon as he made his original complaint, OSHA came into Transam and had a couple of days investiga-tion, talked to all of the people involved and found no violation, no retaliation by Transam. [Maddin] lost that round. That never gets mentioned in the narrative right now, only that seven judges ruled for him and Gorsuch is [the] only one to rule against him.’’ The facts, as found by an administrative law judge, were ‘‘vigorously disputed,’’ in-cluding a nonworking heater and auxiliary power, Thoenen said. Thoenen’s firm, Seigfreid Bingham, is ‘‘kind of a unique little player in the mar-ket,’’ he said. ‘‘We view ourselves as outside general counsel for a lot of clients,’’ he said. ‘‘Primarily we represent clients in and around Kansas City.’’ Thoenen came into the case after the ad-ministrative law judge’s opinion. As surprising as is the trucker case’s noto-riety, more surprising perhaps is how long it took to end the case itself, Thoenen said. ‘‘This event occurred in January 2009,’’ he recalled. ‘‘We got the appellate opinion in 2016. Four years before that was the ALJ de-cision and another two to two-and-half years for the Administrative Review Board to af-firm.’’ During the Gorsuch hearings, senators and the nominee talked about access to justice and the length of litigation, Thoenen said. ‘‘It is unbelievable that this case would go on for seven-and-a-half years.’’ f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, April 4, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
APRIL 5 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine improving border security and public safety. SD–342 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine protecting our midshipmen, focusing on pre-venting sexual assault and sexual har-assment at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Business meeting to consider pending calendar business. SH–216 Committee on Environment and Public Works Business meeting to consider proposed legislation entitled, ‘‘Wildlife Innova-tion and Longevity Driver (WILD) Act’’, S. 518, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to provide for technical assistance for small treat-ment works, S. 692, to provide for inte-grated plan permits, to establish an Of-fice of the Municipal Ombudsman, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capa-bility guidance, and S. 675, to amend and reauthorize certain provisions re-lating to Long Island Sound restora-tion and stewardship. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services. SD–430 Joint Economic Committee To hold hearings to examine the decline of economic opportunity in the United States, focusing on causes and con-sequences. LHOB–1100 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Department of Defense To hold closed hearings to examine intel-ligence programs and threat assess-ment. SVC–217 2 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy To hold hearings to examine a progress report on conflict minerals. SD–419 3 p.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Subcommittee on Economic Policy To hold hearings to examine the current state of retirement security in the United States. SD–538 APRIL 6 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Southern Command and United States Northern Command. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security To hold hearings to examine FAA reau-thorization, focusing on perspectives on rural air service and the general aviation community. SR–253 Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the 2017 tax filing season, focusing on Internal Rev-enue Service operations and the tax-payer experience. SD–215 Joint Committee on the Library Organizational business to consider com-mittee rules for the 115th Congress. SC–4 10:10 a.m. Joint Committee on Printing Organizational business meeting to con-sider committee rules for the 115th Congress. SC–4 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters. SH–219 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:54 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A03AP8.035 E03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D377 Monday, April 3, 2017 
Daily Digest 
HIGHLIGHTS 
See Re´sume´of Congressional Activity. 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S2159–S2178 Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 801–806, and S. Res. 108.
                                                                                  Page S2175 
Measures Passed: Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 544, to amend Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to modify the termination date for the Veterans Choice Program, and the bill was then passed. 
                                                                                    Pages S2163–64 
Delta Queen: By 85 yeas to 12 nays (Vote No. 102), Senate passed S. 89, to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fire-retardant ma-terials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 per-cent of the areas of the vessels that are not con-structed of fire-retardant materials. 
                                                                Pages S2159–63, S2164–68 
Message from the President: Senate received the following message from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to principles for reforming the military selective service process; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. (PM–5)
                                        Page S2174 
Duke Nomination—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Se-curity.
                                                                              Page S2168 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, April 4, 2017, with the time until 12 noon equally divided in the usual form; that at 12 noon, Senate vote on con-firmation of the nomination, with no intervening ac-tion or debate; and that following disposition of the nomination, Senate recess until 2:15 p.m.
    Page S2178 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S2174–75 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S2175 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S2175–76 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S2176–77 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S2178 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—102)
                                                                Page S2168 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3:01 p.m. and adjourned at 7:02 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, April 4, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S2178.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the nominations of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Su-preme Court of the United States, and Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, and Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Asso-ciate Attorney General, both of the Department of Justice. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD378 April 3, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 20 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1848–1867; and 5 resolutions, H.J. Res. 93; and H. Res. 239, 243–245, were intro-duced.
                                                                      Pages H2628–29 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H2630–31 
Reports Filed: A report was filed on March 31, 2017 as follows: H. Res. 184, resolution of inquiry requesting the President and directing the Attorney General to transmit, respectively, certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to communications with the government of Russia, with an amendment; adversely (H. Rept. 115–74). Reports were filed today as follows: H. Res. 240, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1343) to direct the Securities and Ex-change Commission to revise its rules so as to in-crease the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans (H. Rept. 115–75); H. Res. 241, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1304) to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Public Health Service Act, and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from the definition of health insurance coverage certain medical stop-loss insurance obtained by certain plan sponsors of group health plans (H. Rept. 115–76); and H. Res. 242, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1219) to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, and providing for proceedings during the period from April 7, 2017, through April 24, 2017 (H. Rept. 115–77).
                                                                 Pages H2627–28 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Denham to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H2603 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:06 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H2604 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Skyline Wesleyan Church, San Diego, CA.
                  Page H2604 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:07 p.m. and recon-vened at 5:04 p.m.
                                                   Page H2605 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: Condemning North Korea’s development of mul-tiple intercontinental ballistic missiles: H. Res. 92, amended, condemning North Korea’s development of multiple intercontinental ballistic missiles, by a 2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 398 yeas to 3 nays, Roll No. 209;
                                                       Pages H2605–09, H2614–15 
Reaffirming the United States-Argentina part-nership and recognizing Argentina’s economic re-forms: H. Res. 54, amended, reaffirming the United States-Argentina partnership and recognizing Argen-tina’s economic reforms; and
                       Pages H2609–11 
North Korea State Sponsor of Terrorism Des-ignation Act of 2017: H.R. 479, amended, to re-quire a report on the designation of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea as a state sponsor of ter-rorism, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 394 yeas to 1 nay, Roll No. 210.
                        Pages H2611–14, H2616–17 
Recess: The House recessed at 6:10 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H2614 
Privileged Resolution—Intent to Offer: Rep-resentative Jeffries announced his intent to offer a privileged resolution.
                                       Pages H2615–16 
Presidential Message: Read a message from the President wherein he transmitted Principles for Re-forming the Military Selective Service Process—re-ferred to the Committee on Armed Services and or-dered to be printed (H. Doc. 115–27).
         Page H2614 
Senate Referral: S. 544 was held at the desk. Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H2604–05 and H2614. Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H2614–15 and H2616–17. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:45 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
ENCOURAGING EMPLOYEE OWNERSHIP ACT OF 2017; SUPPORTING AMERICA’S INNOVATORS ACT OF 2017; SELF- INSURANCE PROTECTION ACT Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 1343, the ‘‘Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Supporting Amer-ica’s Innovators Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1304, the ‘‘Self-Insurance Protection Act’’. The Committee 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D379 April 3, 2017 
granted, by voice vote, a structured rule for H.R. 1343. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking mi-nority member of the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. The rule waives all points of order against con-sideration of the bill. The rule provides that an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–11 shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule makes in order only the further amendment printed in the Rules Committee report, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amend-ment printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Committee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a closed rule for H.R. 1304. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Education and the Workforce now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. The Com-mittee granted, by record vote of 6–3, a closed rule for H.R. 1219. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the bill shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill. The rule provides one motion to recommit. In Section 2, the rule provides that on any legislative day during the period from April 7, 2017 through April 24, 2017: the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and the Chair may at any time declare the House ad-journed to meet at a date and time to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. In Sec-tion 3, the rule provides that the Speaker may ap-point Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2. In Section 4, the rule provides that each day dur-ing the period addressed by section 2 of the resolu-tion shall not constitute calendar days for the pur-poses of section 7 of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1546). Finally, in Section 5, the rule provides that each day during the period addressed by section 2 of the resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII (resolutions of inquiry). Testimony was heard from Chairman Hensarling, Chairman Roe of Tennessee, and Rep-resentatives Kildee and Scott of Virginia. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D374) 
H.R. 1362, to name the Department of Veterans Affairs community-based outpatient clinic in Pago Pago, American Samoa, the Faleomavaega Eni Fa’aua’a Hunkin VA Clinic. Signed on March 31, 2017. (Public Law 115–16) H.J. Res. 42, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants. Signed on March 31, 2017. (Public Law 115–17) S.J. Res. 1, approving the location of a memorial to commemorate and honor the members of the Armed Forces who served on active duty in support of Operation Desert Storm or Operation Desert Shield. Signed on March 31, 2017. (Public Law 115–18) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, APRIL 4, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine national water hazards and vulnerabilities, focusing on improved forecasting for re-sponses and mitigation, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to receive a closed briefing on cyber threats to the United States, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: busi- ness meeting to consider the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Ex-change Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Ma-rine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hearings 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD380 April 3, 2017 to examine keeping goods moving, focusing on con-tinuing to enhance multimodal freight policy and infra-structure, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine efforts to protect U.S. energy delivery systems from cybersecurity threats, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the European Union as a partner against Russian ag-gression, focusing on sanctions, security, democratic insti-tutions, and the way forward, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine FDA user fee agreements, focus-ing on improving medical product regulations and inno-vation for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: to hold hearings to examine fencing along the southwest border, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Agriculture, Subcommittee on General Farm Commodities and Risk Management, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Commodity Policy Part II’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Credit Pro-grams’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Federal Support for Job Training Programs’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing Progress and Identifying Future Op-portunities in Defense Reform’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 1808, the ‘‘Improving Support for Missing and Exploited Children Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1809, the ‘‘Juvenile Justice Reform Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-vironment, hearing on a discussion draft of Brownfields Reauthorization, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Cybersecurity in the Heath Care Sector: Strengthening Public-Private Partnerships’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Mone-tary Policy and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Federal Reserve’s Mandate and Governance Structure’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade; and Sub-committee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Increasing the Effectiveness of Non-Nuclear Sanc-tions Against Iran’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Bor-der and Maritime Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Defeating a Sophisticated and Dangerous Adversary: Are the New Border Security Task Forces the Right Approach?’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Drug Enforcement Admin-istration and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, hearing entitled ‘‘First Amendment Protections on Public College and University Campuses’’, 11:30 a.m., 2237 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 220, to authorize the expansion of the existing Terror Lake hydroelectric project, and for other purposes; H.R. 1411, the ‘‘Trans-parent Summer Flounder Quotas Act’’; and a discussion draft of the ‘‘Bureau of Reclamation Pumped Storage Hy-dropower Development Act’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Use of Confidential Informants at ATF and DEA’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing en-titled ‘‘Reviewing Federal IT Workforce Challenges and Possible Solutions’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Enabling Innovation in the National Airspace’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Coast Guard and Maritime Transpor-tation, hearing entitled ‘‘Authorization of Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Programs’’, 2 p.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘An Assessment of Ongoing Concerns at the Veterans Crisis Line’’, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Assessing VA Approved Appraisers and How to Im-prove the Program for the 21st Century’’, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of April 4 through April 7, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, with a vote on confirmation thereon at 12 noon. Senate expects to proceed to the consideration of the nomination of Neil M. Gorsuch, of Colorado, to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D381 April 3, 2017 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Appropriations: April 4, Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine national water hazards and vulnerabilities, focusing on improved forecasting for re-sponses and mitigation, 2:30 p.m., SD–192. April 5, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine protecting our midshipmen, focusing on preventing sexual assault and sexual harassment at the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy, 10 a.m., SD–192. April 5, Subcommittee on Department of Defense, to hold closed hearings to examine intelligence programs and threat assessment, 10:30 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Armed Services: April 4, to hold hearings to examine United States Strategic Command programs, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. April 4, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to receive a closed briefing on cyber threats to the United States, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. April 6, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine United States Southern Command and United States Northern Command, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: April 4, business meeting to consider the nomination of Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. April 5, Subcommittee on Economic Policy, to hold hearings to examine the current state of retirement secu-rity in the United States, 3 p.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: April 4, Subcommittee on Surface Transportation and Merchant Marine Infrastructure, Safety and Security, to hold hear-ings to examine keeping goods moving, focusing on con-tinuing to enhance multimodal freight policy and infra-structure, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. April 5, Full Committee, business meeting to consider pending calendar business, 10 a.m., SH–216. April 6, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine FAA reauthor-ization, focusing on perspectives on rural air service and the general aviation community, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: April 4, to hold hearings to examine efforts to protect U.S. energy delivery systems from cybersecurity threats, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: April 5, business meeting to consider proposed legislation enti-tled, ‘‘Wildlife Innovation and Longevity Driver (WILD) Act’’, S. 518, to amend the Federal Water Pollution Con-trol Act to provide for technical assistance for small treat-ment works, S. 692, to provide for integrated plan per-mits, to establish an Office of the Municipal Ombuds-man, to promote green infrastructure, and to require the revision of financial capability guidance, and S. 675, to amend and reauthorize certain provisions relating to Long Island Sound restoration and stewardship, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Finance: April 6, to hold hearings to exam-ine the 2017 tax filing season, focusing on Internal Rev-enue Service operations and the taxpayer experience, 10 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: April 4, to hold hearings to examine the European Union as a partner against Rus-sian aggression, focusing on sanctions, security, demo-cratic institutions, and the way forward, 10:15 a.m., SD–419. April 5, Subcommittee on Africa and Global Health Policy, to hold hearings to examine a progress report on conflict minerals, 2 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: April 4, to hold hearings to examine FDA user fee agreements, focusing on improving medical product regulations and innovation for patients, 10 a.m., SD–430. April 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Scott Gottlieb, of Connecticut, to be Commissioner of Food and Drugs, Department of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: April 4, to hold hearings to examine fencing along the southwest border, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. April 5, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine improving border security and public safety, 9:30 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: April 4, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:15 p.m., SH–219. April 4, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to ex-amine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. April 6, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Agriculture, April 5, Full Committee, hear-ing entitled ‘‘Agriculture and Tax Reform: Opportunities for Rural America’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, April 5, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Re-lated Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Response to the Opioid Abuse Crisis’’, 10 a.m., 2358–C Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, April 5, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Consequences to the Military of a Con-tinuing Resolution’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. April 5, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of the U.S. Marine Corps’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. April 6, Subcommittee on Oversight and Investiga-tions, hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the Defense Contract Auditing Process’’, 9 a.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, April 5, Sub-committee on Workforce Protections, hearing on H.R. 1180, the ‘‘Working Families Flexibility Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, April 5, Sub-committee on Communications and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Facilitating the 21st Century Wireless Econ-omy’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, April 5, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The 2016 Semi-Annual Reports of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD382 April 3, 2017 Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. April 6, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examination of the Federal Financial Regulatory System and Opportunities for Reform’’, 9:15 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, April 5, Subcommittee on Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats, hearing entitled ‘‘Turkey’s Democracy Under Challenge’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. April 6, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Enforcement is Not Optional: The Goldman Act to Return Abducted American Children’’, 12 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, April 5, Full Com-mittee, markup on H. Res. 235, directing the Secretary of Homeland Security to transmit certain documents to the House of Representatives relating to the Department of Homeland Security’s research, integration, and analysis activities relating to Russian Government interference in the elections for Federal office held in 2016, 11 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, April 5, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1842, the ‘‘Strengthening Children’s Safety Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1761, the ‘‘Protecting Against Child Exploitation Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Global Child Pro-tection Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 659, the ‘‘Standard Merger and Acquisition Reviews Through Equal Rules Act of 2017’’, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, April 5, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on H.R. 1731, the ‘‘Revitalizing the Economy of Coal Communities by Leveraging Local Activities and Investing More Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. April 5, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 218, the ‘‘King Cove Road Land Exchange Act’’; H.R. 497, the ‘‘Santa Ana River Wash Plan Land Ex-change Act’’; H.R. 1157, to clarify the United States in-terest in certain submerged lands in the area of the Monomoy National Wildlife Refuge, and for other pur-poses; and H.R. 1728, to modify the boundaries of the Morley Nelson Snake River Birds of Prey National Con-servation Area, and for other purposes, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, April 5, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency’s Response to the Baton Rouge Flood Disaster: Part II’’, 9:30 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. April 5, Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy and En-vironment, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving the Visitor Expe-rience at National Parks’’, 2 p.m., 2247 Rayburn. April 5, Subcommittee on National Security, hearing entitled, ‘‘Assessing the Iran Deal’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Ray-burn. April 6, Subcommittee on Government Operations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Best and Worst Places to Work in the Federal Government’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, April 5, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Taking Care of Small Business: Work-ing Together for a Better SBA’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. April 6, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Scam Spot-ting: Can the IRS Effectively Protect Small Business In-formation?’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, April 5, Subcommittee on Highways and Transit, hearing entitled ‘‘FAST Act Implementation: State and Local Perspec-tives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, April 5, Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, hearing on H.R. 105, the ‘‘Protect Veterans from Financial Fraud Act of 2017’’; H.R. 299, the ‘‘Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1328, the ‘‘American He-roes COLA Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1329, the ‘‘Veterans’ Compensation Cost-of-Living Adjustment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1390, to amend title 38, United States Code, to au-thorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to pay costs relat-ing to the transportation of certain deceased veterans to veterans’ cemeteries owned by a State or tribal organiza-tion; H.R. 1564, the ‘‘VA Beneficiary Travel Act of 2017’’; and a draft bill entitled ‘‘Quicker Veterans Bene-fits Delivery Act of 2017’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. April 6, Subcommittee on Health, markup on pending legislation, 8 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Meetings 
Joint Economic Committee: April 5, to hold hearings to examine the decline of economic opportunity in the United States, focusing on causes and consequences, 10 a.m., 1100, Longworth Building. Joint Committee on the Library: April 6, organizational business to consider committee rules for the 115th Con-gress, 10 a.m., SC–4, Capitol. Joint Committee on Printing: April 6, organizational busi-ness meeting to consider committee rules for the 115th Congress, 10:10 a.m., SC–4, Capitol. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D383 April 3, 2017 
* These figures include all measures reported, even if there was no accom-panying report. A total of 22 written reports have been filed in the Senate, 74 reports have been filed in the House. Re´sume´of Congressional Activity 
FIRST SESSION OF THE ONE HUNDRED FIFTEENTH CONGRESS 
The first table gives a comprehensive re´sume´of all legislative business transacted by the Senate and House. The second table accounts for all nominations submitted to the Senate by the President for Senate confirmation. 
DATA ON LEGISLATIVE ACTIVITY January 3 through March 31, 2017 
Senate House Total 
Days in session .................................... 51 51 . . Time in session ................................... 368 hrs., 22 ′ 251 hrs., 26′ ..  Congressional Record: Pages of proceedings ................... 2,157 2,601 . . Extensions of Remarks ................ . . 418 . . Public bills enacted into law ............... 4 14 18 Private bills enacted into law .............. . . . . . . Bills in conference ............................... . . . . . . Measures passed, total ......................... 82 198 280 Senate bills .................................. 4 3 . . House bills .................................. 9 119 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... 5 2 . . House joint resolutions ............... 12 15 . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... 3 3 . . House concurrent resolutions ...... 2 3 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 47 53 . . Measures reported, total ...................... *41 *72 113 Senate bills .................................. 20 . . . . House bills .................................. 2 42 . . Senate joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . House joint resolutions ............... . . . . . . Senate concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . House concurrent resolutions ...... . . . . . . Simple resolutions ....................... 19 30 . . Special reports ..................................... 9 2 . . Conference reports ............................... . . . . . . Measures pending on calendar ............. 23 16 . . Measures introduced, total .................. 947 2,219 3,166 Bills ............................................. 790 1,847 . . Joint resolutions .......................... 39 92 . . Concurrent resolutions ................ 11 42 . . Simple resolutions ....................... 107 238 . . Quorum calls ....................................... 3 1 . . Yea-and-nay votes ............................... 101 90 . . Recorded votes .................................... . . 117 . . Bills vetoed ......................................... . . . . . . Vetoes overridden ................................ . . . . . . DISPOSITION OF EXECUTIVE NOMINATIONS January 3 through March 31, 2017 
Civilian nominations, totaling 73, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 24 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 25 Withdrawn .................................................................................... 24 Other Civilian nominations, totaling 1, disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 1 Air Force nominations, totaling 783, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 58 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 725 Army nominations, totaling 2,551, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 7 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 2,544 Navy nominations, totaling 50, disposed of as follows: Confirmed ...................................................................................... 1 Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 49 Marine Corps nominations, totaling 26, disposed of as follows: Unconfirmed .................................................................................. 26 Summary Total nominations carried over from the First Session ........................... 0 Total nominations received this Session ................................................ 3,484 Total confirmed ..................................................................................... 90 Total unconfirmed ................................................................................. 3,370 Total withdrawn .................................................................................... 24 Total returned to the White House ...................................................... 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0667 Sfmt 0667 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD384 April 3, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 4 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security, with a vote on confirmation thereon at 12 noon. (Senate will recess following disposition of the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party con-ferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, April 4 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 1343— Encouraging Employee Ownership Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of the following measure under suspension of the Rules: H.R. 353—Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E420 Bonamici, Suzanne, Ore., E431 Bordallo, Madeleine Z., Guam, E419, E430 Byrne, Bradley, Ala., E423 Castor, Kathy, Fla., E423 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E423 Correa, J. Luis, Calif., E429 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E425 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E428 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E432 Johnson, Eddie Bernice, Tex., E432 Katko, John, N.Y., E422 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E427 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E421 Murphy, Stephanie M., Fla., E431 Olson, Pete, Tex., E419, E421, E422, E424, E426, E428, E429 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E420 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E420, E421, E422, E422, E423, E424, E425, E425, E427, E429 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E426 Roby, Martha, Ala., E422 Schiff, Adam B., Calif., E420 Sessions, Pete, Tex., E425 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E431 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E419, E425, E430 Thompson, Bennie G., Miss., E420, E421, E423, E424, E426, E428, E429 Tiberi, Patrick J., Ohio, E421 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E421 Valadao, David G., Calif., E427 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E429 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:06 Apr 04, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D03AP7.REC D03APPT1lotter on DSK5VPTVN1PROD with DIGEST