Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Michael J. Keenan, who is retiring having served the interests of Arizona’s working men and women with distinction since the mid 1970s. Upon graduating from the University of Arizona, Mike attended Georgetown Law School. Not forgetting his working class roots or union family heritage, Mike returned to Arizona to join the unionside law firm then known as Ward and Contreras. Through the years, Mike provided wise counsel to Arizona unions, enabling them to defend the rights of the Arizona workers to fair wages and safe working conditions. He also has represented well various trust funds which provide health insurance and retirement benefits for Arizona union members. By advancing the interests and protecting the dignity of Arizona union members—often during challenging times—Mike earned a reputation as not only a zealous and highly effective advocate, but also as a highly ethical lawyer. Through his hard work and dedication, Mike immeasurably improved the lives of Arizona working men and women. It is now time for Mike to enjoy a long retirement with his wife, Becky, his sons Jimmy and Joey, his daughter Katie and his granddaughter Avery. On behalf of our great state’s workers, I thank him and wish him all the best. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 27th anniversary of ‘‘Black January’’ in Azerbaijan, a day that commemorates Azerbaijan’s stand against Soviet soldiers for independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity over all lands under Azerbaijani jurisdiction, and freedom from communism and dictatorship. On the evening of January 19, 1990, the U.S.S.R. Supreme Soviet Presidium backed by thenPresident Mikhail Gorbachev declared a state of emergency in response to the growing national independence movement in Azerbaijan. In response to the Azeri people’s stand against Soviet aggression, Soviet troops stormed the Azerbaijani capital city of Baku and indiscriminately fired on peaceful demonstrators, including women and children. That night, more than 130 people died with over 700 injured, 841 arrested and five going missing. While Soviet invaders attacked peaceful protestors, they also targeted critical infrastructure and workers. According to a report by Human Rights Watch entitled Black January in Azerbaijan, ‘‘among the most heinous violations of human rights during the Baku incursion were the numerous attacks on medical personnel, ambulances and even hospitals.’’ Additionally, the Soviet attack served as an act of intimidation for all thenSoviet countries with independence ambitions. The Human Rights Watch report concluded that, ‘‘indeed the violence used by the Soviet Army on the night of January 19–20 constitutes an exercise in collective punishment. The punishment inflicted on Baku by Soviet soldiers may have been intended as a warning to nationalists, not only in Azerbaijan, but in other Republics of the Soviet Union.’’ Azerbaijani citizens, however, refused to succumb to Soviet aggression. Instead, the invasion gave new life to their nationalism and fight for true independence. In the days after the invasion, thousands of Azerbaijanis surrounded Communist Party headquarters demanding the resignation of the republic’s leadership, the Baku City Council demanded that Soviet troops withdraw from Azeri territories and the legislature in Azerbaijan threatened to call a referendum on secession unless Soviet troops were withdrawn within 48 hours. Soviet troops eventually withdrew and January 20th became known as ‘‘the Day of the Nationwide Sorrow.’’ It would not be for nearly two years, however, before Azerbaijan gained political control from the Soviet Union. In October 1991, Azerbaijan’s parliament—the National Assembly—declared its independence. While Azerbaijan still faces challenges from its neighbors, today, Azerbaijan has developed into a thriving country with doubledigit growth, in large part due to a freely elected president and parliament, and free market reforms led by the energy sector that helps support energy security in Israel and Europe. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing the tragic events of Black January that precipitated the independent Republic of Azerbaijan and the fall of the USSR. 
Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on January 13, 2017 regarding S. Con. Res. 3 and S. 84. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on Roll Call vote 57, ‘‘no’’ on vote 58, and ‘‘no’’ on vote 59. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, I was not present in the House owing to the birth of my son and missed roll call votes on Wednesday, January 4th and Thursday, January 5th. Had I been present, I would have voted in the following manner: Roll Call Vote No. 7—Motion to Recommit: Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2017—YES Roll Call Vote No. 8—Final Passage: Midnight Rules Relief Act of 2017—NO Roll Call Vote No. 9—Ordering the Previous Question—NO Roll Call Vote No. No. 10—H. Res. 22, rule providing for consideration of HR 26 and H. Res. 11—NO Roll Call Vote No. 11—Final Passage: Objecting to United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334—YES Roll Call Vote No. 12—Messer of Indiana Amendment No. 2—NO Roll Call Vote No. 13—Grijalva of Arizona Amendment No. 3—YES Roll Call Vote No. 14—Castor of Florida Amendment No. 4—YES Roll Call Vote No. 15—Cicilline of Rhode Island Amendment No. 5—YES Roll Call Vote No. 16—Conyers of Michigan Amendment No. 6—YES Roll Call Vote No. 17—Johnson of Georgia Amendment No. 7—YES Roll Call Vote No. 18—Nadler of New York Amendment No. 9—YES Roll Call Vote No. 19—McNerney of California Amendment No. 10—YES Roll Call Vote No. 20—Scott of Virginia Amendment No. 11—YES Roll Call Vote No. 21—King of Iowa Amendment No. 12—NO Roll Call Vote No. 22—Motion to Recommit: Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2017—YES Roll Call Vote No. 23—Final Passage: Regulations from the Executive in Need of Scrutiny Act of 2017—NO f 
Mr. KING of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an extraordinary public servant and a dedicated leader of the U.S. Intelligence Community (IC), Brigadier General (Retired) Francis Xavier Taylor, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis at the Department of Homeland Security. Brig Gen Taylor came out of retirement in 2014 when the President nominated him to be the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis (I&A) at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS). After nearly 40 years of honorable service to our nation, Under Secretary Taylor will retire again on Friday, January 20, 2017. Under Secretary Taylor applied his knowledge and experience from his 31 years in the United States Air Force, his service at the U.S. Department of State as an Ambassador for Counterterrorism and head of Diplomatic 
Security, and as Vice President of Security at General Electric. Applying his decades of experience and innovative thinking, Under Secretary Taylor rolled up his sleeves and got to work. Due to Under Secretary Taylor’s leadership, I&A is much further along on its vision of driving information sharing and delivering intelligence and analysis to operators and decisionmakers at all levels. One of Under Secretary Taylor’s first actions at I&A was to guide the organization through a transformation. He removed internal I&A stovepipes and realigned the organization to ensure DHScollected information now forms the basis of the majority of I&A production. Under Secretary Taylor also ordered that finished intelligence include State and local data. Under Secretary Taylor also worked tirelessly to mature and strengthen the Department’s relationship with the state and local fusion centers and make information sharing a priority. In FY2016, 62 percent of I&A’s finished intelligence products were disseminated at the SECRET level or below to best serve those who protect our borders, critical infrastructure and communities. Under Secretary Taylor also took to heart the need to invest in the workforce and address extremely low employee morale. He spent a great deal of his tenure finetuning the organization, restructuring and rebalancing the workforce. He drastically reduced the ratio of supervisors to workers, reducing the amount of bloated management and replacing it with what he called ‘‘seed corn’’—young, junior people brought in to rejuvenate the organization and help develop a truly homelandfocused workforce. Our Nation owes this public servant a tremendous debt of gratitude. I wish to thank Under Secretary Taylor for his decades of exceptional service to our country and to wish him and his wife Connie the very best in the days and years ahead. Under Secretary Taylor can now enjoy his three grandchildren Ava, Aaron and Alexander, while taking in some more games under the Golden Dome at Notre Dame. 
The House and Senate met for the Inauguration of President Donald John Trump and Vice President Michael Richard Pence. Senate confirmed the nomination of James Mattis, of Washington, to be Secretary of Defense. Senate confirmed the nomination of John F. Kelly, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. 
Routine Proceedings, pages S347–366 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and four resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 177–184, S.J. Res. 6, and S. Res. 15–17.
Measures Reported: S. 133, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2017 for intelligence and intelligencerelated activities of the United States Government, the Community Management Account, and the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System. (S. Rept. No. 115–2)
Measures Passed: Majority Party’s Committee Membership: Senate agreed to S. Res. 16, to constitute the majority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen.
Minority Party’s Committee Membership: Senate agreed to S. Res. 17, to constitute the minority party’s membership on certain committees for the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress, or until their successors are chosen.
Inaugural Ceremony—Agreement: A unanimous consent agreement was reached providing that the Inaugural Ceremony proceedings be printed in the Record.
Pompeo Nomination—Agreement: Senate began consideration of the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency.
                                                                             Page S365 During consideration of this nomination today, Senate also took the following action: By 89 yeas to 8 nays (Vote No. 31), Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to consideration of the nomination.
A unanimousconsenttime agreement was reached providing that at approximately 3 p.m., on Monday, January 23, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the nomination, that there be 6 hours of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate; and that no further motions be in order.
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the following nominations: By 98 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. EX. 29), James Mattis, of Washington, to be Secretary of Defense. 
By 88 yeas to 11 nays (Vote No. EX. 30), John F. Kelly, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security.
Nominations Received: Senate received the following nominations: Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State. Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be Secretary of the Treasury. Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development, United States Governor of the African Development Fund, and United States Governor of the Asian Development Bank. Steven T. Mnuchin, of California, to be United States Governor of the International Monetary Fund, 
United States Governor of the African Development Bank, United States Governor of the InterAmerican Development Bank, and United States Governor of the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development for a term of five years. James Mattis, of Washington, to be Secretary of Defense. Jeff Sessions, of Alabama, to be Attorney General. Ryan Zinke, of Montana, to be Secretary of the Interior. Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Commerce. Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. Elaine L. Chao, of Kentucky, to be Secretary of Transportation. James Richard Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy. Elisabeth Prince DeVos, of Michigan, to be Secretary of Education. Andrew F. Puzder, of Tennessee, to be Secretary of Labor. David J. Shulkin, of Pennsylvania, to be Secretary of Veterans Affairs. John F. Kelly, of Virginia, to be Secretary of Homeland Security. Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence. Robert Lighthizer, of Florida, to be United States Trade Representative, with the rank of Ambassador. Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Todd M. Ricketts, of Illinois, to be Deputy Secretary of Commerce. Vincent Viola, of New York, to be Secretary of the Army. Jay Clayton, of New York, to be a Member of the Securities and Exchange Commission for a term expiring June 5, 2021. Linda E. McMahon, of Connecticut, to be Administrator of the Small Business Administration. Seema Verma, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. Nikki R. Haley, of South Carolina, to be the Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations. Nikki R. Haley, of South Carolina, to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during her tenure of service as Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations. Terry Branstad, of Iowa, to be Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China. David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel.
Nomination Discharged: The following nomination was discharged from further committee consideration and placed on the Executive Calendar: Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, which was sent to the Senate on January 20, 2017, from the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
Record Votes: Three record votes were taken today. (Total—31)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and adjourned at 6:41 p.m., until 3 p.m. on Monday, January 23, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S365.) 
BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: On Wednesday, January 18, 2017, Committee ordered favorably reported (upon receipt by the Senate) the nomination of James Mattis, of Washington, to be Secretary of Defense. NOMINATION Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: On Wednesday, January 18, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Wilbur L. Ross, Jr., to be Secretary of Commerce, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Rubio, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: On Thursday, January 19, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Rick Perry, of Texas, to be Secretary of Energy, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Cornyn and 
Manchin, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Environment and Public Works: On Wednesday, January 18, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Scott Pruitt, of Oklahoma, to be Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senators Inhofe and Lankford, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Finance: On Thursday, January 19, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Steven Terner Mnuchin, to be Secretary of the Treasury, after the nominee, who was introduced by Representatives McCarthy and Hensarling, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. NOMINATION Committee on Foreign Relations: On Wednesday, January 18, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Nikki R. Haley, of South Carolina, to be the Representative of the United States of America to the United Nations, with the rank and status of Ambassador, and the Representative of the United States of America in the Security Council of the United Nations, and to be Representative of the United States of America to the Sessions of the General Assembly of the United Nations during her tenure of service as Representative to the United Nations, after the nominee testified and answered questions in her own behalf. IMPROVING SMALL BUSINESS INPUT ON FEDERAL REGULATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: On Thursday, January 19, 2017, Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management concluded a hearing to examine improving small business input on Federal regulations, focusing on ideas for Congress and a new Administration, after receiving testimony from Rosario Palmieri, National Association of Manufacturers, and Karen R. Harned, National Federation of Independent Business Small Business Legal Center, both of Washington, D.C.; Jerry Hietpas, Action Safety Supply Co., Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; and LaJuanna Russell, Business Management Associates, Inc., Alexandria, Virginia.. NOMINATION Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: On Wednesday, January 18, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of Tom Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Isakson, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 public bills, H.R. 589–598, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative King (NY) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission— Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission: Mr. Sam Farr of Carmel, California.
National Commission on Military, National and Public Service—Appointment: Read a letter from Representative Pelosi, Minority Leader, in which she appointed the following individual to the National Commission on Military, National and Public Service: Mr. Edward T. Allard III of Los Angeles, California.                                                                        Pages H555–56 
Inauguration Ceremonies: Pursuant to H. Res. 37, the House proceeded in a body to the Inauguration Ceremony for President Donald Trump and Vice President Michael Pence.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page H555. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and at 12:27 p.m., pursuant to H. Res. 37, it stands adjourned until 12 noon on Monday, January 23, 2017. 
Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to consider the nomination of Rex W. Tillerson, of Texas, to be Secretary of State, 4:30 p.m., SD–419. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 7, the ‘‘No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of January 23 through January 27, 2017 Senate Chamber On Monday, at approximately 3 p.m., Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, and after a period of debate, vote on confirmation of the nomination. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
Committee on Armed Services: January 24, to hold hearings to examine the defense budget for fiscal year 2018 and onwards, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Janu ary 24, organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, subcommittee assignments, an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Congress, and the nomination of Benjamin S. Carson, Sr., of Florida, to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on the Budget: January 24, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Mick Mulvaney, of South Carolina, to be Director of the Office of Management and Budget, 10:30 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Janu ary 24, organizational business meeting to consider committee rules, an original resolution authorizing expenditures by the committee during the 115th Congress, S. 19, to provide opportunities for broadband investment, S. 81, to establish an advisory office within the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission to prevent fraud targeting seniors, S. 88, to ensure appropriate spectrum planning and interagency coordination to support the Internet of Things, S. 89, to amend title 46, United States Code, to exempt old vessels that only operate within inland waterways from the fireretardant materials requirement if the owners of such vessels make annual structural alterations to at least 10 percent of the areas of the vessels that are not constructed of fireretardant materials and for other purposes, S. 96, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications, S. 102, to direct the Federal Communications Commission to commence proceedings related to the resiliency of critical communications networks during times of emergency, S. 110, to require the Secretary of Commerce, acting through the Administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, to establish a constituentdriven program to provide a digital information platform capable of efficiently integrating coastal data with decisionsupport tools, training, and best practices and to support collection of priority coastal geospatial data to inform and improve local, State, regional, and Federal capacities to manage the coastal region, S. 118, to make exclusive the authority of the Federal Government to regulate the labeling of products made in the United States and introduced in interstate or foreign commerce, S. 123, to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, S. 129, to reauthorize and amend the National Sea Grant College Program Act, S. 134, to expand the prohibition on misleading or inaccurate caller identification information, S. 141, to improve understanding and forecasting of space weather events, H.R. 255, to authorize the National Science Foundation to support entrepreneurial programs for women, H.R. 321, to inspire women to enter the aerospace field, including science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, through mentorship and outreach, an original bill entitled ‘‘Commercial Vessel Incidental Discharge Act’’, an original bill entitled ‘‘National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Commissioned Officer Corps Amendments and Hydrographic Services Improvement Act Reauthorization and Amendments Act of 2017’’, and an original bill entitled ‘‘Federal Communications Commission Consolidated Reporting Act’’, 10 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Finance: January 24, to hold hearings to examine the nomination of Thomas Price, of Georgia, to be Secretary of Health and Human Services, 10 a.m., SD–215. 
Committee on the Budget, January 24, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress; hearing entitled ‘‘The Failures of Obamacare Harmful Effects and Broken Promises’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Foreign Affairs, January 24, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 10:30 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, January 24, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 11 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, January 24, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 1 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Ways and Means, January 24, Subcommittee on Oversight, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress; hearing on examining the effectiveness of the individual mandate under the Affordable Care Act, 2 p.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, January 24, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activities’’, 10 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, January 23 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the nomination of Mike Pompeo, of Kansas, to be Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, and after a period of debate, vote on confirmation of the nomination. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, January 23 
HOUSE Cleaver, Emanuel, Mo., E73 Cohen, Steve, Tenn., E73 Gallego, Ruben, Ariz., E73, E73 King, Peter T., N.Y., E73 