Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the 50th Anniversary of Belle Grove Plantation, a museum of an extraordinary his-toric house located near Middletown, in the part of the 10th Congressional District of Vir-ginia that includes the northern Shenandoah Valley. The remarkable history of this home begins in 1732, with the settlement of the family of Jost Hite, one of 16 German immigrant fami-lies, on land they obtained in two land grants. Jost Hite’s grandson, Isaac Hite, Jr., served as Lieutenant with the Continental Army during the Revolutionary War. In 1783, he married Nelly Conway Madison, sister of a future President of the United States, and received 483 acres from his father, on which they built the Belle Grove Manor House from limestone quarried on the property. Isaac Hite, Jr. was eventually commissioned as Major in the Fred-erick County Militia by Governor Patrick Henry in 1785. Major Hite was evidently a highly suc-cessful farmer and entrepreneur who ex-panded the grain and livestock plantation to 7,500 acres and also successfully operated a general store, a grist-mill, a saw-mill and a large distillery. However, it is also self-evident that, without the labors of the many slaves who lived on the plantation, Major Hite would not have had this success. Family records compiled by the staff of Belle Grove Plantation indicate that the Hite family owned 276 slaves who worked in a variety of capacities at Belle Grove between 1783 and 1851. Shortly before the Civil War, Belle Grove was sold to a person outside of the family and during the war, it was seldom without a mili-tary tenant and its grounds were hardly ever without an army. Belle Grove was most nota-bly used as a headquarters by Union General Phillip Sheridan during the Civil War Valley Campaign of 1864 and it was centrally located during the pivotal Battle of Cedar Creek. After a successful surprise attack by Confederate General Jubal Early during the early morning hours of October 19, 1864, General Sheridan regained the territory later in the day, thus se-curing the strategically critical Shenandoah Valley for the Union and significantly boosting President Abraham Lincoln’s chances of being reelected. I am honored to represent a Congressional District with historical places such as Belle Grove Plantation that are essential to the tell-ing of the story of our nation. Fifty years ago, on August 13, 1967, Belle Grove was dedi-cated as a museum and today, it is a National Historic Landmark, a Virginia Historic Land-mark, and a historic property of the National Trust for Historic Preservation. It is also the most significant structure in the Cedar Creek and Belle Grove National Historic Park, a part-nership park comprised of private landowners, county governments and nonprofit organiza-tions that was established by Congress under the leadership of my predecessor, Congress-man Frank Wolf, and authorized by the Na-tional Park Service on December 19, 2002. Through the many interpretive programs it of-fers, Belle Grove Plantation serves the people of the Commonwealth and our nation as an educational center that helps Americans of all ages establish a stronger sense of our own identity through a better understanding of our past. The entire operation of the museum is funded by private contributions since it re-ceives no government funding and is not a re-cipient of a regularly scheduled contribution from the National Trust. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in thanking Belle Grove Plantation Executive Director Kristen Laise and her staff and volunteers, as well as the members of its Board of Directors, for their extraordinary purposefulness, inge-nuity and resourcefulness in preserving Belle Grove Plantation as a special place to learn about the history, culture and economy of the northern Shenandoah Valley during the 18th and 19th Centuries. 
f 
NATIONAL GRANGE 150TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to say congratulations to the National Grange on 150 years of service to rural America, and to thank Susan Noah, President of the Oregon State Grange, and her husband, Mark, for their continued leadership in my home state. In Oregon, we understand how important it is to support our rural communities. The Na-tional Grange has been a steadfast partner in this effort. With over 167 Granges and 5,000 fraternal members in Oregon—and several thousand affiliate members—the National Grange is a strong advocate for rural commu-nities in our great state of Oregon and across the country. The Grange has been essential in the de-velopment of rural America during three cen-turies: during the 19th Century, they advo-cated for legislative protection for farmers through the Granger Laws; in the 20th Cen-tury, they promoted research and education to improve agriculture through the Cooperative Extension Service and Land Grant Colleges while working to expand mail delivery and electricity to rural areas; and in the 21st Cen-tury, they have encouraged the expansion of broadband internet service. The Grange has provided a megaphone for the voice of rural communities throughout the country. The effort of this organization to bring people from across the country and across the political spectrum together in support of rural America is truly inspiring. Being a champion for rural America is an endeavor that transcends party lines and ben-efits all Americans, not just those living in rural communities. The Grange has led the effort in this, with an emphasis on service to the local community and volunteerism to improve the quality of life and economic well-being of rural America. On behalf of rural communities in Oregon and across the country, and the entire United States Congress, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating the National Grange on 150 years of unwavering service to rural America. f 
IN HONOR OF FIRST NIGHT WINCHESTER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize First Night Winchester which, for 31 years, has provided the residents of the North-ern Shenandoah Valley a wonderful way to celebrate New Year’s Eve. In 1986, Win-chester community leader Kathy Nerangis asked other leaders to join her in creating a family-friendly, non-alcoholic event, where people could congregate to enjoy live per-forming arts and each other’s company, as an alternative way of welcoming in the New Year. First Night Winchester held its inaugural event on December 31, 1987 in Old Town Winchester, attracting 1,800 people. Since then, it has become a time-honored tradition for many individuals and families to make their way down to the center of town to enjoy the peaceful atmosphere and good tidings of those who congregate for the special occa-sion. After three decades, those who, as chil-dren, enjoyed First Night Winchester with their families, are now bringing their own children to celebrate and the number of participants has, on occasion, reached 10,000. Throughout the day, rides are offered on the Shenandoah Valley Gas and Steam Engines, the Shenandoah Valley Civil War Museum is open for visits, face painting is offered at the Museum of the Shenandoah Valley and a live performance of ice sculpting is taking place on the Old Town Walking Mall for everyone’s en-joyment. Throughout the evening, the many downtown Winchester churches and the Handley Public Library house a diverse assort-ment of performers, including jugglers, gospel singers, comedians, classical pianists and neo-classical guitarists, magicians and blue grass and Delta blues musicians. The evening ends with the ushering in of the New Year as all gather to join in the countdown of the offi-cial ‘‘Apple Drop’’ and enjoy the spectacular fireworks that follow. Despite the enrichment to the quality of life that the more than 200 First Night events pro-vided in the past, First Night Winchester is one of only 36 cities that continue this tradi-tion, making it the 5th oldest in the nation. Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29DE8.001 E29DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1762 December 29, 2017 
Speaker, I ask you to join our colleagues and me, in honoring and thanking the visionary leaders of First Night Winchester, whose steadfast commitment to improving the quality of life of their northern Shenandoah Valley community has resulted in three decades of one of the best First Night experiences in the nation and in wishing the wonderful board of directors, staff and volunteers of the event, many more years of success in the future. 
f 
IN HONOR OF THE ESTABLISH-MENT OF A PERMANENT STRUC-TURE FOR THE MASON AND PARTNERS HEALTH CARE CLINIC 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the award-winning Mason and Part-ners (MAP) health care clinic and to congratu-late George Mason University School of Nurs-ing and its partners on the establishment of a permanent MAP Clinic in Manassas Park, Vir-ginia. The clinic provides residents of medi-cally underserved areas with a variety of health care services, including physicals, screenings, health care counseling and acute primary care treatment while, at the same time, offering George Mason University nurs-ing students and those in related studies the invaluable practical experience of treating and counseling patients who utilize the clinic. George Mason launched its first MAP clinic in 2013, originally offering its services at the Manassas Park Community Center. Since then, the operation has expanded to three Northern Virginia sites while also broadening the services it provides. The clinic strives to serve as a bridge for patients with no access to healthcare until they are able to arrange for more formal healthcare coverage for them-selves. The MAP clinic program has greatly bene-fitted a significant variety of George Mason students. By offering an active learning lab, nursing and health and human services stu-dents are able to receive real-life experience working on interprofessional teams, a learning opportunity that is not available to many stu-dents across the nation. These clinical oppor-tunities have been so well-received that the federal government’s Health Resources Serv-ice Administration (HRSA) has made two awards totaling $2 million to support the edu-cation of George Mason University School of Nursing students in this way. Mr. Speaker, I take great pride in cele-brating with you and our colleagues the estab-lishment of the first permanent structure of the MAP clinic in Manassas Park, Virginia. In ad-dition, I ask that you join me in congratulating the George Mason University School of Nurs-ing and its partners, Dr. Allison Ansher of the Prince William Health District, the Parks and Recreation and Education Departments of the City of Manassas Park, the city’s Community Development Office and interim director Calvin O’Dell, the Potomac Health Foundation and the students and faculty of George Mason’s College of Health and Human Services, for the extraordinary success of this visionary, nurse- led program and in wishing them all the best in their future collaborative endeavors. IN HONOR OF SHERANDO HIGH SCHOOL AND 25 YEARS OF EX-TRAORDINARY SUCCESS HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Frederick County’s Sherando High School, an excellent high school in the 10th Congressional District of Virginia, while the school community is cele-brating its 25th Anniversary. The school slogan, ‘‘where one person can make a difference,’’ summarizes the caring, respectful culture that has been created at Sherando High School during those 25 years. Central to this special culture are the guiding words of the Mission for the staff, wherein they accept responsibility for providing ‘‘a safe and supportive environment that encourages intellectual, emotional, physical and social growth’’ and ‘‘a positive educational atmos-phere which will encourage students to maxi-mize their learning opportunities.’’ The Sherando community is proud of the fact that the entire community supports students with learning differences and that these students are encouraged to be an important part of the school and to benefit from the daily edu-cational and social activities of the school. This caring attitude also extends to other stu-dents, including those struggling with severe depression. Hundreds of members of the Sherando community have participated in Out of the Darkness walks, raising funds for sui-cide prevention programs. Another important aspect of Sherando High School’s culture is summed up in the third sentence of the staff mission statement: ‘‘We will promote the active participation of parents and the community in the educational proc-ess.’’ This welcoming attitude of the school has provided the community the opportunity to cheer on Sherando students in a variety of pursuits, including dramatic productions, D.E.C.A and FFA activities, choir concerts, The Widget Cup, a design/build interscholastic competition that shows off the talents of Ca-reer and Technical Education students, and the marching band, which recently took first place in General Effect, Drum Major, and Color Guard disciplines at the CD Hylton High School Regional Marching Band Competition in Woodbridge, Virginia. The motto of the school, ‘‘Once a warrior, always a warrior’’ certainly rings true in the area of athletics, where community residents and alumni get caught up with Sherando foot-ball and other athletics, and even travel long distances to see their athletes compete at regionals and at state championships. And at the very event that took place on October 7, 2017, several athletes from the past were rec-ognized as the first inductees into the Sherando Athletic Hall of Fame. Congratula-tions to Tyler Gaines, Kelley Washington, Emily Budnyk-Putt, Robyn Ritter-Browne, Zach Franz, Pepper Martin, and Jason Barbe for this special recognition. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I ask that you join me and our colleagues in congratulating Principal John Nelson, his dedicated faculty and staff and the entire Sherando High School community, on 25 years of extraordinary suc-cess and in wishing them a continuation of this success in the years to come. HONORING LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICIALS IN VIRGINIA’S 10TH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the following law enforcement personnel who have recently been honored by the 12th Annual Law Enforcement Apprecia-tion Dinner that took place in Clarke County, for their invaluable service and commitment to our communities. Therefore I include in the R
ECORD the following excerpts from a speech delivered by Mr. Jim Wink, the founder of the Horseshoe Curve Benevolent Association, which sponsored the dinner. 
NORTHWESTERN REGIONAL ADULT DETENTION  
CENTER  
OFFICER BENJAMIN MACE  Officer Mace was selected to be recognized for his exceptional performance of duty last February. Officer Mace observed an inmate not acting in a normal fashion and after fur-ther observation he noticed the inmate had a bedsheet tied around his neck and an addi-tional knot and loop tied around his feet in order to pull the device tighter. After noti-fying Officer Keister of the situation, officer Mace entered the inmate’s cell and used his 911 knife to cut the sheet from the inmate’s neck. Officer Mace’s response to this critical situation was highly professional and re-flects great credit upon them, the Regional Detention Center and our profession. Officer Mace, congratulations and thank you for being there for us. 
BERRYVILLE POLICE DEPARTMENT  
OFFICER JOSEPH SHOREMOUNT  Officer Shoremount has been a member of the Berryville Police Department since 2015 and has quickly become a familiar face with many members of the community, especially the downtown business owners. Joe makes it a point to take the time to contact the com-munity in a meaningful way, and has even been known to keep a football in his trunk for an occasional pickup game of football in Rose Hill Park. Joe has been instrumental in orchestrating several community engagement events to in-clude national night out activities, wellness and safety fairs at the Mary Hardesty House, and holiday toy collections for under-served children in the area. For Joe, being a police officer in a small town involves much more than taking reports and writing tickets. He strives to look for ways to be proactive in dealing with community concerns while rep-resenting the department in a professional and empathetic manner. Officer Shoremount, congratulations and thank you for being there for us. 
CLARKE COUNTY SHERIFFS OFFICE  The Clarke County Sheriffs Office has nominated several employees that support their officers and security efforts. The first is Mr. Robert Wilkerson. Robert is a commu-nications specialist. He has been employed at this office since 2001. During his tenure, he has been called on numerous occasions to fill in, work over his assigned shifts, and report for work on short notice. Bob has dem-onstrated the ability to work under extreme stress. His professionalism is appreciated by all. He mentors less experienced staff and is always approachable. We truly appreciate Bob for his numerous accomplishments and his loyalty. Mr. Wilkerson, thank you for your outstanding support to those who pro-tect us. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29DE8.003 E29DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1763 December 29, 2017 
The next two outstanding workers who support the Clarke County Sheriffs Office are Beth Marple and Jim Pearce. They are the victim witness coordinators for Clarke County and the City of Winchester. Beth is an inspiration for all of those in public safe-ty. She works tirelessly for many hours and always has a great attitude. As a victim’s advocate, she has no equal. Jim Pearce is a shining example of humility and a man with a big heart. In addition to his work with vic-tims of crimes, Jim accepts all related chal-lenges. As president of the local fop and crime solvers, he helps law enforcement in countless ways. Beth and Jim, thank you for being there when the sheriff and the people need you. The next awards are somewhat unusual, so I am turning their presentation over to Clarke County Sheriff Tony Roper. Sheriff Roper: On July 12, 2017, Deputy Jacob Kennedy responded to a report of an armed larceny of an automobile. Deputy Kennedy located the vehicle and attempted to affect a traffic stop. The suspect exited the vehicle and ran into an adjacent wooded area. Local law enforcement from several ju-risdictions, with the help of K–9’ s and a heli-copter, conducted a search of the area but were not able to find the suspect. However, Wayne Warfield Jr., Brian Morgan, and Shannon Dulaney did. They located the sus-pect in a field adjacent to their residence. The quick and brave response from these three, detaining the suspect and relaying this information to emergency communica-tions personnel, made the arrest of this sus-pect possible. For their actions of courage and selflessness, we recognize Wayne War-field Jr., Brian Morgan, and Shannon Dulaney for their extraordinary concern for the safety and security of the citizens of Clarke County. Thank you very much for being there. 
FREDERICK COUNTY SHERIFFS OFFICE  
DEPUTY SAMANTHA K . GARRISON  
DEPUTY TRAVIS W . ADAMSON  On May 13, 2017, Deputy Garrison and Ad-amson dispatched to a call in Stephens City where an infant wasn’t breathing. Deputy Garrison, being the first unit to arrive and found an infant female baby, 4 days old, un-conscious and not breathing. Deputy Garri-son jumped into action and started CPR on the baby. Deputy Adamson arrived shortly after and assisted Deputy Garrison in per-forming CPR. This CPR was continued until fire and rescue units arrived. The baby, whose name is Georgina, had a faint pulse when transported to the E.R. She was later transferred to the NICU and then onto UVA at Charlottesville. Had it not been for the quick action of these deputies, it is likely the outcome would have been completely dif-ferent. The sheriffs department made con-tact with the mother of this child and she confirmed that little Georgina was doing well. Deputy Garrison and deputy Adamson, congratulations and thank you for being there when needed. 
WINCHESTER CITY SHERIFF ’S OFFICE  The staff of the Sheriff’s office made the choice of who should be recognized. The dep-uty they chose has been in law enforcement for 2 decades and has been a patrol deputy, investigator and narcotics agent. For almost 4 years now, he has been a valued asset of the Winchester city sheriff’s office and the citi-zens of Winchester. He has spearheaded this organization in becoming one of the most professional sheriff’s offices in the United States. He has set them apart and above oth-ers by implementing cost saving measures, kept a balanced and frugal budget, updated equipment with no or little cost, provided the department with a complete set of gen-eral orders, initiated emergency response protocols for the Joint Judicial Center, set guidelines for safer handling of prisoners, began a Naloxone program, implemented an in-house training program thus reducing time and cost spent by deputies on the road, conducted active shooter trainings for court-house staff, designed the office’s first website, placed the department on social media, implemented several community re-lations programs such as reading for children and cops and robbers, co-authored 2 books for children, began a sheriff’s office founda-tion, implemented mandatory cit/cpr and first aid training for all deputies, started the sheriff’s office’s first srt team, upgraded the joint judicial center’s security, obtained an explosive k9 for no cost, and made the Win-chester city sheriff’s office Virginia’s 96th law enforcement office to achieve accredita-tion from the Virginia Law Enforcement Professional Standards Committion. This deputy is the first one in the office and the last one to leave. He is not just a deputy, he is a leader, he is out friend, and he is our sheriff—Sheriff Les R. Taylor. Sheriff Taylor, congratulations and thank you for all that you have done and are plan-ning on doing for us. NORTHWEST VIRGINIA REGIONAL DRUG AND  
GANG TASK FORCE  
VA STATE POLICE SPECIAL AGENT JOSHUA T . 
PRICE  Special Agent Price has been a strong team player and has established himself as a natural leader within the task force. In the last 12 months, he has been the case agent for investigations that have led to some very notable and outstanding seizures. As a result of his diligence and hard work, SA Price seized over 300 grams of cocaine, over 100 grams of crack cocaine, over 5700 doses of MDMA, over 2300 grams of marijuana and over 10,000 grams of synthetic marijuana. The approximate street value of all the nar-cotics seized is greater than $300,000. He was also able to seize over $50,000 in US currency and two vehicles that were the proceeds of il-legal narcotics sales. SA Price obtained and executed 17 search warrants within the last year. While extremely busy with his own inves-tigations, SA Price has continuously made himself available to assist all team members with their own investigations. He truly un-derstands the concept of being a ‘‘team play-er’’. SA Price also served as a field training agent to two newly promoted special agents assigned to the task force. He has volun-teered his own personal time to be an active particiant with Operation Prevention to edu-cate local students on the dangers of illegal narcotics and to prevent the addictions that are plaguing our nation. The task force com-mends Special Agent Josh Price for his ex-cellent work ethic, pride in his community and his continuous efforts to make it a safer and better place for all our citizens. Special Agent Joshua T. Price, congratula-tions and thank you for being there for us. 
VA STATE POLICE  
TROOPER BRIAN G . DAVIS  Trooper Davis serves and protects the counties of Clarke, Frederick, and Warren by enforcing all traffic and criminal laws and exemplifying outstanding service and dedica-tion to the community in which he resides. Trooper Davis endures countless hours serv-ing the department as a trooper, crime pre-vention specialist, accident reconstruc-tionist, field training officer, as well as, driv-ing under the influence (dui) detection basic instructor. He also served as a mentor for the 125th State Police Trooper Basic Session from August, 2016 through March, 2017. There he assisted the State Police Academy staff with the coordination of training for 65 new troopers. He did this on a voluntary basis and did so without any complaints during the 26 weeks away from home. Trooper Davis’s investigative skills are outstanding, and he provides invaluable guidance and instruction to fellow troopers within the area. Furthermore, his knowledge of the laws of Virginia enhances his ability to effectively communicate with the commu-nity. Trooper Davis is a true asset to the de-partment, as well as the area. Thank you, Trooper Brian G. Davis, for your outstanding service and for always being there when needed. The Virginia State Police also wants to honor Master Trooper Jerry P. Bosserman of the criminal justice information services di-vision, sex offender investigative unit. Trooper Bosserman serves as the sole state police trooper assigned to this unit for the city of Winchester and the counties of Clarke, Frederick, and Warren. He oversees the compliance of Virginia sex offender reg-istry laws through daily contact with offend-ers to assure they are properly registered. In addition, he assures they are in compliance with laws dictating where the offenders live, work, vehicle registration information, as well as their use of the internet. He also pro-vides educational programs to assist sex of-fenders semi-annually. This ensures aware-ness of new law changes and their duties and responsibilities to remain in compliance. As a result, he has established the lowest recidi-vism rate in the Commonwealth of Virginia. When an offender has not followed the laws, Trooper Bosserman pursues their cases through the identification and expeditious pursuit of all leads, collection and preserva-tion of evidence, and the arrest of violators. Thereafter, he presents the case to the court providing the evidence and testimony in ac-cordance with his training, laws, policies, and procedures as it relates to the State Po-lice Sex Offender Registry. Trooper Bosserman graduated from the Va. State Police Basic Academy in July, 1978. His initial duty assignment was to the Win-chester area and he has served this commu-nity for over 40 years. His investigative skills are outstanding, and he provides in-valuable guidance and instruction to fellow troopers and cooperating agencies across the commonwealth. Furthermore, his knowledge of the laws of Virginia enhances his ability to effectively communicate with the commu-nity. The Virginia State Police strongly be-lieve that Trooper Bosserman is a true asset to the department, as well as, to the sex of-fender investigative unit. Last but not least, three years ago we rec-ognized and presented a plaque and goodies to a very famous Virginia State Police dog named Kota. He almost lost his life that year chasing a criminal. Sadly, Kota passed on just recently. He obviously will be missed. Thank you, Kota, for your service. That, ladies and gentlemen, highlights how lucky we citizens of Northern Virginia are, given the outstanding people we have pro-tecting us. When we started putting together tonight’s program, we were extremely pleased at the local response. If this program was open to the public, I don’t think there is a facility in the area that could hold all those citizens that would want to thank you for what you do for us. Thank you and your families for all that you do. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A29DE8.006 E29DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1764 December 29, 2017 
IN HONOR OF THE 70TH ANNIVER-SARY OF BENJAMIN BANNEKER ELEMENTARY SCHOOL 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Benjamin Banneker Elementary School, as it celebrates 70 years of excellence in the 10th Congressional District of Virginia. Located in the Village of St. Louis in Loudoun County, the parents, teachers and students of Benjamin Banneker School and its prede-cessor, St. Louis School, have survived the awful conditions of segregation and the polit-ical gamesmanship over desegregation, to be-come a wonderful place of learning for a multi- racial student population in 2017. The village of St. Louis was established in 1881, when landowner Thomas Glascock sold one-acre lots to formerly enslaved families. Earlier, in 1877, a one-room school had been established to attempt to serve the educational needs of the children of St. Louis and sur-rounding areas. However, the St. Louis School and other schools for black students of this era were overcrowded, mediocre facilities, usually with only a wood stove for heat and an outhouse. In 1896, the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision in Plessy vs. Ferguson mandated that segregated public schools in Loudoun County and elsewhere in the nation operate under the doctrine of ‘‘Separate but Equal.’’ While Afri-can-Americans advocated for equal pay for teachers and equal facilities for students, con-ditions remained unequal, with upwards of 50 students being placed in some one-room schoolhouses. By 1930, a national movement for ‘‘equalization’’ had been established by the NAACP and the parents of African-American students in Loudoun County began a protest movement known as the County-Wide League. After many years of advocacy for im-proved conditions, on March 31, 1948, the Parent and Teacher Association of St. Louis was able to convince the county school board to purchase 19 acres in the village and build the six-room Benjamin Banneker School, bringing together black students from several area schools whose buildings had badly dete-riorated. While there were improvements in condi-tions at all-black consolidated schools such as Benjamin Banneker, the NAACP, represented by future U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall, argued that such physical improvements did not equalize the learning experience of blacks and whites, and that, in fact, the ‘‘separate but equal’’ doctrine was in-herently unequal. Although, in 1954, the Su-preme Court agreed with the NAACP in the landmark decision of Brown vs. Board of Edu-cation, parts of the Commonwealth of Virginia defied the judicial mandate until 1967, when Loudoun schools were finally integrated. In 1968, and as an aspect of the integration process, the Loudoun School Board attempted to change the name of the school to Mercer Elementary. However, the pride of the St. Louis community once again prevailed, as the community was able to convince the school board to reverse itself and keep the Benjamin Banneker name, whose namesake had been such an inspiration for the students and teach-ers of the school. Born a free man, Banneker was a self-educated natural philosopher, mathematician and astronomer, who helped to survey the new capital city, the District of Co-lumbia, and challenged future president Thom-as Jefferson on the issue of slavery, asserting that it totally contradicted the religious and po-litical principles of our nation as they were laid out in the Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights. Mr. Speaker, I recently had the pleasure of visiting Benjamin Banneker Elementary School and meeting three of the school’s alumni, Mary and Eugene Howard and Ann Bland, who were students during the years of seg-regation. I then had the privilege of joining them and the school principal, Robert Carter, and the school’s fifth graders, in dedicating a beautiful plaque that they initiated, to memori-alize the school’s important history. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in honoring the determination of those who worked to ensure a quality education for the students of Benjamin Banneker School during those difficult years of segregation and in cele-brating the outstanding teachers, administra-tors and community leaders who, seventy years from its founding, are continuing the tra-dition of providing an excellent education to the students of the school. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 150TH AN-NIVERSARY OF ST. PAUL AME CHURCH 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate the St. Paul Afri-can Methodist Episcopal Church of Win-chester, Virginia, on the celebration of its 150th anniversary. In 1867, only two years after the end of slavery, a small group of de-vout Christians in Winchester met in the home of Jacob Randolph and Mary Catherine Martin to begin organizing one of the first 50 char-tered AME churches in the nation. The initial concept of the African Methodist Episcopal (AME) Church grew out of the Free African Society that was established in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in 1787. In response to ‘‘unkind treatment’’ and discriminatory practices at St. George’s Methodist Church in Philadelphia, Richard Allen, Absalom Jones and other Afri-can Americans withdrew from the church to eventually form the national AME Church in 1816, providing people of African descent, who have the same potential and worth as anyone else, the self-respect, dignity and free-dom to worship God that they deserved. The history of St. Paul AME church is the story of a close-knit African-American congregation of Christian disciples located within the Fort Loudoun community of Winchester. Because of its close ties with black and white families in the community, the church has been a spir-itual center of the society, regularly ringing its massive 650 pound bell on important days of the Christian calendar and important occur-rences, such as weddings and funerals, for the St. Paul congregation, itself. In fact, St. Paul was the first church in Winchester to rec-ognize the end of World War I with the ringing of its bell on Armistice Day. Despite hardships brought on by the im-pacts of slavery that had recently ended, and the destructive impacts of segregation that continued for decades into the 20th Century, St. Paul AME Church has been an important force for good and for justice in the Win-chester community. As leaders in the civil rights movement, the congregation hosted the Pastor’s Alliance of Winchester as it began the first Winchester chapter of the NAACP in 1915. In collaboration with other churches, the St. Paul congregation has consistently done good works in the northern Shenandoah Val-ley, such as supporting the ‘‘Showers for Souls’’ program for the homeless at Mt. Car-mel Baptist Church and with its emphasis on education, the church has a long tradition of supporting the Freemont Street Nursery and giving scholarships to high school seniors as they embark on higher education and pro-viding financial and spiritual support for these scholars throughout their years in college. In 2004, a remarkable thing happened in the history of the church. A significant leap of faith, similar to the one that started the church, was taken by the church’s pastor, Rev. Kevin Wilson, and the leadership of the congrega-tion. After more than a century of use, the church building was in significant need of re-pairs. Overcoming their own pride, the con-gregation let the surrounding community know about their predicament and was surprised by the amazingly generous response of the resi-dents of the northern Shenandoah Valley, both black and white. Through the raising of signifi-cant funds, the generous volunteering of time and effort and the excellent leadership of con-tractor Shockey and Sons, in collaboration with members of the congregation, such as Mr. Bill Buckner, a beautifully renovated church, that is a historic landmark of the City of Winchester, was reopened in 2005. Over the years, the abundant goodwill that had been created by acts of faith and love of hun-dreds of Christian disciples at St. Paul AME Church, resulted in an incredible outpouring of love and generosity in return. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in congratulating Reverend Kevin Wilson and the congregation of St. Paul AME Church, and all those pastors and lay mem-bers who preceded them, for being the strong, loving body of Christ that God intended them to be. As the next 150 years unfold, may the bell of St. Paul AME Church toll again over the community that it has served so faithfully. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH AN-NIVERSARY OF THE TOP OF VIR-GINIA REGIONAL CHAMBER 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the Top of Virginia Regional Chamber on the occasion of its 100th Anniver-sary and to highlight the extraordinary impact that it has had on the people of the northern Shenandoah Valley. Although it has under-gone at least five name changes in the last century—starting out as the Winchester Board of Trade and, since 2006, as the Top of Vir-ginia Regional Chamber—it has always re-mained true to its stated purpose of promoting the general welfare and prosperity of the northern Shenandoah Valley. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29DE8.008 E29DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1765 December 29, 2017 
During the past century, the chamber his improved the quality of life of the people of Winchester, Frederick County and Clarke County in many important ways. In the late 1930s, it advocated for the construction of the Winchester Municipal Airport and for the com-pletion of Route 50 from Winchester to the Shenandoah River. During 1950s, it was deeply involved in the establishment of Shen-andoah University in Winchester, and in 1993, the chamber advocated for the construction of Route 37 around Winchester and even initi-ated a grassroots movement in 2004, to gain support for completing the road. In addition, the encouragement and support of its mem-bers has always been a priority of the Top of Virginia Regional Chamber and among the services and programs offered to its 835 cur-rent corporate members are quarterly edu-cational seminars through Lord Fairfax Com-munity College’s Small Business Development Center, frequent Business and Breakfast and Business After Hours opportunities, various educational lunches and the activities of the Young Professionals Group. Recently, several innovative chamber initia-tives have added significantly to strengthening the social fabric of the northern valley. The Community Leadership Program is a rigorous, nine-month program that develops leaders by teaching important leadership skills and an un-derstanding of complex community problems and their potential solutions. The Valley Busi-ness Women program helps women achieve their own personal and professional trans-formation. The chamber’s Workforce Develop-ment Committee has partnered with local busi-nesses and public schools to help develop the region’s workforce of the future. And since 2010, with the creation of its Public Policy Committee, the chamber has become an im-portant venue for discussions about public pol-icy matters, including education, transpor-tation, workforce development, regional eco-nomic development, health care, and legisla-tion at the local, state and federal levels. Its yearly breakfast meetings with state legisla-tors, prior to and after each General Assembly session, as well as periodic reports from the member of Congress representing the north-ern Valley, have been excellent opportunities for an exchange of ideas. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know of a single organi-zation in the northern Shenandoah Valley that has done more to unify the community than does the Top of Virginia Regional Chamber, by highlighting extraordinary work that is being done by valley residents. Each year, the Greater Good Awards dinner recognizes some of these amazingly generous individuals and the Valor Awards dinner allows the community to recognize and thank our Valley heroes for their special acts of valor and selflessness. Because the Commonwealth of Virginia has a general election each November, the cham-ber’s Hob Nob event is often the only oppor-tunity for chamber members and the public to hear directly from a wide variety of candidates running for office. In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in congratulating the Top of Virginia Regional Chamber for 100 years of successfully promoting the general welfare and prosperity of the people of the Northern Shenandoah Valley and to express gratitude to President and CEO Richard Ken-nedy, the chamber’s board of directors and its great staff, as well as all those chamber CEOs, board members and staff who pre-ceded them, for their hard work in serving the chamber’s membership and in being such a powerful source of unity and enlightenment for the larger valley community. 
f 
IN HONOR OF PRINCE WILLIAM COUNTY RED CROSS ON ITS 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF SERVICE 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, December 29, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the Prince William County Red Cross as it celebrates 100 years of service to the people of Prince William County, the City of Manassas and the City of Manassas Park. This milestone of a very special organization in Northern Virginia gives me an opportunity to celebrate the International Red Cross and Red Crescent, as well as the Prince William Chap-ter’s national organization, the American Red Cross, founded by Clara Barton on May 21, 1881. The American Red Cross received its first Congressional Charter in 1900 and to this day it has been tasked by the federal govern-ment with providing services to members of the U.S. Armed Forces and their families as well as providing disaster relief in the United States and around the world. Inspired by the motto ‘‘Sleaves Up. Hearts Open. All In’’, the American Red Cross goes wherever it is needed, from small house fires to multi-state natural disasters, guided by a policy of total impartiality as to the community or individuals to be served, so that all people can have clean water, safe shelter and hot meals—and many times, a shoulder to cry on—when this care is needed the most. The American Red Cross is the nation’s largest blood collection organization, supplying 40 percent of the blood we use. Over the last century, the Prince William Chapter of the American Red Cross has served the people of this region with essential blood services, partnering with local community and faith- based organizations to obtain lifesaving blood donations. Literally 90 percent of the disasters the Red Cross responds to are home fires and to effectively respond to them in their commu-nity, the Prince William Chapter has main-tained an on-call volunteer Disaster Action team to support the first responders as well as residents who are displaced. The American Red Cross empowers people at the commu-nity level, providing emergency and health and safety training and certification classes to pro-vide fellow Americans with the knowledge and skills they need for effective leadership in the event of an emergency. Over the long history of the Prince William chapter, it has offered First Aid/CPR/AED or Automated External Defibrillator training classes, as well as Baby-sitting and Childcare and Aquatics courses throughout the community. By authority of Congress, the American Red Cross has pro-vided essential support to the members of our Armed Forces and their families and the Prince William chapter of the Red Cross has worked with military families and active duty members to help prepare them for deploy-ments, provide care and nurturing to wounded warriors in area military hospitals, and Re-connection Workshops for military families to help them reestablish themselves as a family unit after returning from service. Mr. Speaker, because 90 percent of Red Cross workers are volunteers, I ask you and our colleagues to join me in expressing deep gratitude for the selfless and courageous sac-rifice of the volunteers of the American Red Cross, who have done so much to prevent and relieve the suffering of others, and to con-gratulate the wonderful volunteers and em-ployees of the Prince William Chapter, as they celebrate the 100th Anniversary of their ex-traordinary service to their community. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A29DE8.010 E29DEPT1
D1369 Friday, December 29, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate met at 11:30:01 a.m. in pro forma ses-sion, and adjourned at 11:30:26 a.m. until 4 p.m., on Tuesday, January 2, 2018. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: There were no public bills or resolutions introduced today. Additional Cosponsors:
                                    Page H10430 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Mooney (WV) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                        Page H10429 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gary Studniewski, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
               Page H10429 
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9:30 a.m. and ad-journed at 9:33 a.m. Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, JANUARY 2, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D29DE7.REC D29DEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1370 December 29, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Tuesday, January 2 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the House of Representatives 12 noon, Tuesday, January 2 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12 noon. 
Extension of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Comstock, Barbara, Va., E1761, E1761, E1762, E1762, E1762, E1764, E1764, E1764, E1765 Walden, Greg, Ore., E1761 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:12 Dec 30, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D29DE7.REC D29DEPT1