Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Ms. Kristen White as the 2018 Santa Rosa County Teacher of the Year. Ms. Brown has a long history of serving the Santa Rosa County School District with exceptional passion and an unwavering commitment to helping her students. In Northwest Florida, we are fortunate to have some of the best teachers in the Nation. It is recognized that the teaching profession is one of the most difficult yet rewarding professions in existence. Ms. White has exceptionally performed her teaching duties, while also striving to be an active and supportive member of her community. Ms. White has served as an elementary reading and writing intervention teacher at East Milton Elementary and coordinates the Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math (STEAM) Innovate Lab, which serves K– 5 students. She also provides professional development to teachers, coordinates Discovery education assessments, and collects and interprets data for grade levels. Previously she has served as a Kindergarten teacher and grade level chair. Her support and mentoring extends far beyond the walls of her classroom through her willingness to serve as a Professional Learning Community facilitator. I commend Ms. White for her steadfast willingness to serve those that matter most, the students and youth of our Nation. For all of her admirable contributions, I am truly proud to have Ms. White as a constituent in Florida’s First Congressional District. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, I am privileged to recognize Ms. Kristen White for her accomplishments and her commitment to excellence in the Santa Rosa County School District. I thank her for her service and wish her all the best for continued success. 
RECOGNIZING LIEUTENANT COLONEL STEVE ‘‘THIRSTY’’ SMITH FOR REACHING 10,000 FLYING HOURS IN A B–52 BOMBER 
Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to commend the achievements of Lieutenant Colonel Steve ‘‘Thirsty’’ Smith for making United States Air Force history on March 3, 2017 by being the only currently serving member of the United States Air Force to reach 10,000 flying hours in a B–52 heavy bomber, officially labeled a B–52 Stratofortress, and contributing to the backbone of the manned strategic bomber force for the United States. Lt. Colonel Smith joined the United States Air Force after graduating from the ROTC program at the University of Mississippi. He continued on to graduate navigation school at Mather Air Force Base in 1985 where he earned his wings and received his first assignment for the B–52. As a navigator with the 93rd Bomb Squadron belonging to the 917th Wing at Barksdale Air Force Base in Louisiana, Lt. Colonel Smith has distinguished himself as one of our nation’s most experienced navigators. He spent seven years on active duty before becoming a reservist for over 20 years. He has flown 10,000 B–52 hours and 1,819 B–52 sorties including 496 combat hours and 42 combat sorties over the span of four different wars; Operations Desert Storm, Enduring Freedom, Iraqi Freedom and Inherent Resolve. He was awarded the Air Medal in 1991 and the Aerial Achievement Medal in 2002 and 2004. His expertise with the B–52 played an instrumental role in modernizing the aircraft with a targeting pod that provides greater accuracy leading to more successful missions. Additionally, he has been an inspiration to many young navigators as a flight instructor, teaching over 180 young weapons systems officers at Barksdale Air Force Base in the same aircraft. Dating back to World War I, the 93rd Bomb Squadron has repeatedly distinguished itself in its contributions to the security of the United States during deployments around the world. This distinction has continued today with global demonstrations of strategic attack capabilities. Lt. Colonel Smith is greatly regarded throughout the Air Force and Louisiana communities and is known as a humble man who has selflessly given back to the country he loves so dearly. He has earned widespread respect for his continued commitment to serve in defense of our great nation. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the United States Congress, it is my pleasure to join a grateful community in saluting his outstanding achievements. My wife Kelly and I thank Lt. Colonel Smith for his dedicated services and wish him all the best for continued success in what is an already remarkable career. f 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor all those lost in the Khojaly Massacre. On February 25, 1992, a little more than 25 years ago, over 600 people were brutally murdered in Khojaly, Azerbaijan. These were mostly elderly men, women, and children—innocent victims that should have never been part of such a heartbreaking tragedy. It is essential that we take the time every year to remember those who lost their lives during this horrific event in Azerbaijan. Their unwilling sacrifice continues to serve as a reminder to hold fast to the principles of democracy. Azerbaijan is a strong partner of the United States in a strategically critical and compound region of the world. I ask my colleagues to join me and our Azerbaijani friends in commemorating the tragedy that occurred in the town of Khojaly. f 
HONORING SAM SCINTA FOR HIS DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY 
Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor Mr. Sam Scinta, a dedicated volunteer for the Democratic Party and resident of Tonawanda, New York. Sam’s tireless service is recognized today by his friends on the City of Tonawanda Democratic Committee. Sam has committed countless hours to further Democratic causes in our community and is most deserving of the City of Tonawanda Democratic Committee’s Man of the Year Award. Sam was raised in Buffalo, New York where he attended Public School 76 and Hutchinson Central High School. In 1954, he enlisted in the U.S. Navy. He is a Korean War Veteran and worked in aviation as a line captain and mechanic. He served in Kingsville, Texas, in a Patrol Squadron in San Diego, and in the Philippine Islands, until he was discharged in 1958. In 1959, Sam began his career with the Erie Rail Road as a locomotive fireman and was promoted to locomotive engineer in 1966. When the Erie Rail Road merged with the Lackawanna Rail Road, he became active in the Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Enginemen as an organizer, rising to the rank of Vice President, then Local Chairman. Following a union merge he became Local Chairman of the United Transportation Union. In 1976, he went to work for Con Rail after the North East Railroads merged, where he served as a locomotive engineer until his retirement in 1999. Sam moved to Tonawanda in 1998 and following his retirement became active in the City of Tonawanda Democratic Committee and has served as Vice Chairman of the Committee for over a decade. One example of his dedication is Sam’s command of the Smoothie Booth for the City Committee’s fundraiser during Canal Fest since 2003. He constructs the booth, does the scheduling, works in the booth and is there from open to closing all 8 days. Each year, Sam puts in a long day at the Committee’s annual picnic in August. Sam is also the proud custodian of the Committee’s banner. 
As a volunteer on Hillary Clinton’s successful campaign for Senator in 2000, and at Congresswoman LOUISE SLAUGHT er’s campaign headquarters in 2001, Sam worked tirelessly. In 2005 he hopped on board Legislator Michele Iannello’s campaign. Following her victory, Sam went to work for Legislator Iannello in her district office for 2006 and 2007. In 2008, he went to work for the Erie County Board of Elections and retired again in June, 2016. Sam is the loving father of Sam James Scinta and daughterinlaw Kerry, and a proud grandfather to Sam Jr. and Anthony. As a proud family man, while Sam’s son was young, Sam coached and served as President of the Little League at Public School 81 in the 1970’s. Mr. Speaker, I honor Mr. Sam Scinta and his dedication to Democratic politics and our community. Sam’s commitment and dependability are admirable and I am pleased to be able to recognize him today with the City of Tonawanda Democratic Committee as they present to him their Man of the Year Award. 
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, due to travel with President Trump, I was unable to attend votes. Had I been present, I would have voted nay on Roll Call No. 122, yea on Roll Call No. 123, nay on Roll Call No. 124, nay on Roll Call No. 125, and yea on Roll Call No. 126. 
Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Whisnants, a musical ensemble from Morganton, North Carolina. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, I would like to congratulate The Whisnants for nearly 50 years of the continued growth of their remarkable ministry. This ministry began many years ago in 1970, when John and Betty Whisnant and their family began singing gospel music in Morganton, North Carolina. The group has expanded over the years, with members coming and going, but they have always remained true to their mission. This family has asked God to use their ministry to touch more and more lives, and he has clearly used their music to do so. In the 47 years since they got their start, the Whisnants have performed across the nation and the world. The Whisnants have been recognized as leaders in gospel music, and their songs have frequently been awarded top accolades throughout their career. As the family’s ministry continues to grow and as new generations of Whisnants take new roles, they do so with my prayers and continued best wishes. The Whisnants have been extraordinary representatives of our community across our state and nation. On behalf of the people of Western North Carolina, it’s my honor to recognize them on this important family milestone. f 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast votes on Monday February 27, 2017 due to a family medical emergency. Had I been present I would have voted: Roll Call No. 100: YEA, Roll Call No. 101: NO, and Roll Call No. 102: YEA. 
HONORING GAYLE SYPOSS FOR HER DEDICATED SERVICE TO THE COMMUNITY 
Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, my hometown county Democratic committee gathered recently to honor the longtime chair of the City of Tonawanda Democratic committee, Gayle Syposs, to commemorate her service both to her community and to the Democratic Party. A career public servant, Gayle has in the past served as an elected member of her hometown city council, as a civil servant and appointed public servant in county government, and at present once again serving her hometown as the Tonawanda City Clerk, where its elected leadership—be they Republican or Democratically affiliated—agree that her experience and institutional knowledge was critically important when the longtime incumbent city clerk retired in 2015. But it is how Gayle came to public life that helps illustrate what is great about America, and about how committed people, working together, can be an effective voice for the communities they love. In the 1970s, New York State government had plans to ‘‘improve’’ transportation in the city of Tonawanda—but the local community didn’t think much of it. The state wanted to change Niagara Street into a four lane highway, which would have turned this main thoroughfare adjacent to the city’s waterfront parks into a dangerous highway totally not in keeping with the needs and wants of city residents, destroying the city’s character in the process. This illconceived action midwifed the birth of a great civic and political activist in Gayle Syposs. After reading a newspaper article detailing the number of oldgrowth trees destined to be removed to build this highway, Gayle formed a citizens’ committee that successfully fought the state’s topdown plan, preserving Niagara Street and the character of her hometown the right way, in a grassroots, bottomup fashion, energizing and educating neighbors to join the fight. Today, Niagara Street remains as it was, a lowspeed thoroughfare adjacent to county and city parks, preserved, we hope, in perpetuity for the enjoyment of residents and families during each of Western New York’s great four seasons. Gayle’s activism spawned a career in public service and politics, leading her to 6 nonconsecutive terms on the city council, and into greater governmental and political activism—something from which so many Western New York Democrats have benefited. Indeed, while I have known Gayle for the better part of thirty years, I have come to benefit most directly since her city was included into my congressional district in 2012. In addition to being a steadfast supporter, Gayle has been a friend and an important link for me and for my staff to her local community—a service she has been kind enough to provide to me and to the people I work to serve. Gayle is, as I mentioned, currently the chair of the city of Tonawanda’s Democratic Committee, but that is only one of many titles she has held. While she has served as chair as long as many of us can remember, she also serves as Chair of the Erie County Association of Town Chairs, as Treasurer of the county Democratic party, and as a member of the New York State Democratic Committee. A few weeks ago, Gayle was honored by our Erie County Democratic Committee as the 2017 recipient of the Joseph F. Crangle Legacy Award. Named for our legendary former county and state chairman, this award is the gold standard for local Democrats; it rightfully raises Gayle’s name among the great leaders of our party. But no one should imagine that earning this award will mean that Gayle will slow down anytime soon. Gayle will likely read this speech, reflect upon it for a few moments, and quickly move on to a call she recently received about a broken sidewalk, or pass along the re´sume´of a neighbor’s collegeaged grandson who is looking for an opportunity as he works his way through college. Gayle’s dedication to her country, her community and, yes, her party, represent all that is great about Western New York, and I am thankful for the opportunity to honor her and to have the House take note of the many positive contributions she has made throughout our community. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Aileen Clarke Hernandez. With her passing on February 13, 2017 in Irvine, California, I look to recognize her passion for women’s equality, and the invaluable influence it has had on our nation. Aileen was born in Brooklyn on May 23, 1926, to Charles Henry Clarke, and Ethel Louise Hall. Ms. Hernandez excelled in school and graduated magna cum laude from Howard University, where she was drawn into politics and worked with the NAACP. In 1951, she took an organizing job with the West Coast division of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union. Her work with the Garment Workers Union brought her to California, and led to her involvement in California politics and government, where she eventually was appointed as 
the assistant chief of the Fair Employment Practices Division for the State. In 1964, Clarke was appointed by President Lyndon B. Johnson, as the first woman to serve on the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), and in 1966, she left the commission to form her own consulting firm, Hernandez and Associates. Her firm worked to end racism, sexism and all forms of discrimination, and to establish standards for equity in government and corporations. In 1970 she was appointed the second President of the National Organization for Women (NOW) where she was instrumental in organizing the national Women’s Strike for Equality on August 26, 1970. In 1973, Ms. Clarke took initiative and founded Black Women Organized for Action in San Francisco. In addition, Ms. Clarke was the CoChair and Founder with Marilyn Fowler, of the California Women’s Agenda, a network and action alliance of over 600 organizations in California, and was chairwoman of the committee that led to the founding of the National Women’s Political Caucus that worked to increase political power for women. Aileen Clarke Hernandez was a leader and fought against discrimination for more than seven decades. She took it as her mission to ensure a voice for women of color in the women’s movement and civil rights movement, and worked on behalf of all people seeking social justice. Her monumental efforts have guided our nation on the right trajectory toward a more just society. On a personal note, I met Aileen in 1972 during Shirley Chisholm’s groundbreaking presidential campaign. She became a mentor and helped shape my political views and guided my growing political involvement. I was constantly amazed at how she could build bridges between activists in the feminist movement, people of color, and the civil rights movement, in order to work together for positive change. I was proud to call Aileen my friend; I know that her legacy will live on, and her spirit will continue to guide us through the many challenges that we continue to face. Today, California’s 13th Congressional District honors Aileen Hernandez’s memory and her lifetime of service working on behalf of social justice and equality. We join her loved ones in celebrating her incredible life with a promise to honor her tremendous legacy. 
REMEMBERING MAJOR REID B. NANNEN, UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS 
Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, today, I would like to honor United States Marine Corps Major Reid B. Nannen, who passed away Sunday, March 1, 2014, while training at TOPGUN NAS in Fallon, Nevada. Reid attended Olympia High School where he was a twoyear captain of the swim team, a section leader for the drum line, and an Illinois State Scholar. Reid then attended the University of Illinois where he participated in the Marching Illini Drum Line, and also served as commander of the NROTC Drill Team his senior year. After graduating, Reid married the love of his life, Sarah M. Simpson, on August 6, 2005, in Peoria, Illinois. Reid was commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in May 2004. After completing The Basic School, Reid attended Naval Aviation Training and received his Wings of Gold in February 2007. He deployed to Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom from May to December of 2010. Reid attended Tactical Air Control Party training in 2011 and proceeded to Camp Pendleton, California, for duty as a forward air controller. Reid deployed for the second time to Afghanistan from October of 2011 to May of 2012. Reid’s valor and leadership led him to serve as a decorated hero receiving the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, Navy Unit Commendation, Navy Achievement Medal, and the Navy Commendation Medal and Air Medal. In honor of Reid’s sacrifice, it is my privilege to commemorate his service through the designation of the Major Reid B. Nannen Highway in Hopedale, Illinois. My prayers and thoughts go out to his wife, Sarah, and their four children, who have lost a loving husband and father. Our Nation is blessed to have servicemen like Captain Reid who have selflessly given their life in defense of our country and our freedom. f 
Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the rich history of St Paul’s Episcopal Cathedral, a long standing community pillar that is celebrating its 200th anniversary this year. The Episcopal Cathedral was incorporated on February 10, 1817 in the city of Buffalo. This building was Buffalo’s first permanent house of worship and was consecrated on February 25, 1821. A major milestone in the Church’s history was the consecration of a new edifice. This building was designed by renowned architect Richard Upjohn and began a second period of growth for the Church. St Paul’s Cathedral flourished in the city until May 22, 1888 when it was tragically destroyed by a fire. Through perseverance and a strong commitment to the community, the restored St Paul’s Cathedral was inaugurated just two years later. The Church committed to remaining in the downtown community of Buffalo. Even with the hardships of the twentieth century around the country and in Buffalo, St Paul’s Cathedral took advantage of every opportunity to grow and serve the community. St Paul’s Cathedral is where The Most Rev. Michael Bruce Curry, Presiding Bishop and Primate of The Episcopal Church, attended while he was going through Buffalo Public Schools. Through different projects throughout the city of Buffalo, the people of St Paul’s Cathedral have shown their commitment to social service and preserving their history. Mr. Speaker, I honor a long standing institution in the city of Buffalo. I am proud to celebrate St Paul’s Episcopal Cathedral’s bicentennial and I wish the Church good fortune for many years to come. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE ANIMAL WELFARE ACCOUNTABILITY AND TRANSPARENCY ACT 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, early last month, the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) abruptly pulled animal welfare violation documents from its website. This database contained thousands of inspection reports and other information about violations of the Animal Welfare Act and the Horse Protection Act made by research laboratories, zoos, dog breeding operations, and other facilities. While the agency has begun to repost some of these documents, it has so far only restored a small fraction of the information that was taken down. In the meantime, consumers and animal welfare advocates lack the transparency needed to make informed decisions and hold violators accountable. For the life of me, I can’t understand why USDA would hide this vital information. Ensuring transparency under these laws is a no brainer. Luckily, many of my colleagues feel the same. Today, I am pleased to introduce, with 34 of my colleagues, the Animal Welfare Accountability and Transparency Act. This bill would require USDA to repost this information on its website and would increase accountability for those who treat animals inhumanely. Providing consumers with information about where their pets come from and how animals are treated is the least we can do to discourage people from violating the law. It is critical that we ensure the standards set forth by Animal Welfare Act and the Horse Protection Act are upheld. This is why the Animal Welfare Accountability and Transparency Act would create an additional incentive to abide by these laws. The bill would take away certain tax benefits for businesses that are found to be in violation of those laws. Under current tax rules, the costs of breeding and working animals are treated the same as machinery and equipment, and businesses may deduct these costs from their taxes over a specified period. The bill would prohibit businesses found to have violated the Animal Welfare Act or the Horse Protection Act from claiming these accelerated depreciation bonuses for tax purposes. I am also happy to have worked with my colleague from Oregon, Senator RONWYDEN , who introduced a Senate version of this legislation late last week. This bill is a small step that this Congress can take quickly to show that we respond to animal abuse and that the federal government should be transparent with consumers. I call on my colleagues to support this bill so that we can send a strong message to animal abusers across this country that their horrendous actions will not be kept in the shadows. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 90TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE SACRAMENTO MEMORIAL AUDITORIUM 
Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 90th Anniversary of Sacramento’s Memorial Auditorium. As the City of Sacramento celebrates one of its most valued and awe inspiring buildings, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring this historical piece of architecture in Sacramento. The Memorial Auditorium, listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1977, opened in 1927 and is dedicated as a tribute and memorial to those in our community who gave their lives to our country. The Memorial Auditorium has provided the venue for a variety of events including concerts, local graduations, competitions and gubernatorial inaugurations. The building has many unique architectural design elements and operational features. In honor of this anniversary, the City of Sacramento is offering a viewing of the classic comedy and silent film ‘‘Steamboat Bill, Jr.’’ accompanied by the local organist Dave Moreno live. This Buster Keaton film has special connection with the area, as it was filmed on the Sacramento River in 1927 the same year the Memorial Auditorium opened. Mr. Speaker, as the City of Sacramento honors the 90th Anniversary of the Memorial Auditorium, I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring this staple of the Sacramento area and all it has provided to the community. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary work of Donald R. White, who recently retired after 32 years of serving as Alameda County’s TreasurerTax Collector. I recognize his exemplary work and the invaluable influence he had on our community in the County of Alameda. Mr. White graduated from California State University, Hayward (now Cal State East Bay) where he earned a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration. He is a Certified Public Accountant, a member of the California Society of CPAs, and a member of the American Institute of CPAs. These qualifications helped him become the first African American auditor at Ernst and Young’s San Francisco office and he later cofounded Adams, Grant, White & Co, a minority owned accounting firm that had offices in Washington, D.C., Oakland, and Fresno. Donald began his work for Alameda County in 1985 when he made history as the first African American to be elected to the position of TreasurerTax Collector. As Alameda County’s Treasurer, White oversaw billions of dollars in county funds, managed multiple departments, and supervised a staff of over 60 employees. Mr. White is a trailblazer. He dedicated his career to serving and supporting his community, investing years with countless community service organizations. He has committed himself to numerous nonprofit boards, including service on the Board of Trustees for the East Oakland Youth Development Center and on the Board of Directors and as chair of the Audit Committee of the Episcopal Diocese of California. He served as treasurer for the Alpha Gamma Boule Foundation and treasurer of the Black Elected Officials and Faith Based Leaders of the East Bay. Over the years Mr. White has also committed his time and expertise to numerous professional organizations, including the California Association of County Treasurers and Tax Collectors, National Association of Securities Professionals, National Association of Black Accountants, and is an active member of the Oakland Chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP). Mr. White is an exemplary model of a positive community activist, promoter of equality, and role model for all. He has worked tirelessly as a public servant and committed himself to expanding and promoting diversity in every aspect of professional services for the county. On a personal note, I had the privilege to be involved in Don’s first campaign, when I organized an event for him with Congressman Harold Ford. Don was also a member of a business delegation that I led to Africa, and the group benefitted tremendously from his expertise and insights. More than anything, Don always lived up to his role as an exemplary public servant, and I am proud to call him my friend. Today, on behalf of California’s 13th Congressional District, I salute the long and successful career of Donald R. White. I offer my congratulations and acknowledge the positive impact that he had on the communities of Alameda County. f 
Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, during the afternoon of Tuesday February 28, 2017, I was absent from the House due to a meeting at the White House with Vice President Mike Pence and my constituent and guest to the President’s Address to the Joint Session of Congress, Elizabeth Snyder. I would like to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on Roll Call 105. I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on Roll Call 106, Roll Call 107, and Roll Call 108. 
MARCH 8 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomination of Elaine C. Duke, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. SD–342 10 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine investing in America, focusing on funding our nation’s transportation infrastructure needs. SD–192 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commission. SH–216 Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine an original bill entitled, ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation and Modernization Act’’. SD–406 10:30 a.m. Committee on Appropriations Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies To hold hearings to examine saving lives through medical research. SD–138 2:15 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine Indian affairs priorities for the Trump Administration. SD–628 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Cybersecurity To receive a closed briefing on cybersecurity from the Defense Science Board. SVC–217 Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces To hold hearings to examine the global nuclear weapons environment. SR–222 MARCH 9 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine U.S. Central Command and U.S. Africa Command. SH–216 
10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, S. 444, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, S. 462, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Commission, S. 484, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States, and S. 488, to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans. SD–538 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 419, to require adequate reporting on the Public Safety Officers’ Benefits program, and the nominations of Danny C. Reeves, of Kentucky, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2019, and Charles R. Breyer, of California, to be a Member of the United States Sentencing Commission for a term expiring October 31, 2021. SD–226 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations. SD–G50 10:15 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management To hold hearings to examine agency use of science in the rulemaking process, focusing on proposals for improving transparency and accountability. SD–342 10:30 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations Business meeting to consider the nomination of David Friedman, of New York, to be Ambassador to Israel; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine resolving the conflict in Yemen, focusing on U.S. interests, risks, and policy. SD–419 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters. SH–219 MARCH 15 2:30 p.m. Special Committee on Aging To hold hearings to examine raising grandchildren in the opioid crisis and beyond. SD–562 3:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Airland To hold hearings to examine all arms warfare in the 21st century. SR–232A MARCH 22 10 a.m. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold a joint hearing with the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations. SD–G50 
Routine Proceedings, pages S1589–S1605 Measures Introduced: Eight bills and three resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 528–535, S.J. Res. 32–33, and S. Res. 81.
Measures Passed: Federal Acquisition Regulation Rule: By 49 yeas to 48 nays (Vote No. 81), Senate passed H.J. Res. 37, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration relating to the Federal Acquisition Regulation.
Measures Considered: Federal Land Policy and Management Act Rule—Agreement: Senate began consideration of H.J. Res. 44, disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regulations that establish the procedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976, after agreeing to the motion to proceed.
A unanimousconsenttime agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the joint resolution at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, March 7, 2017; and that there be eight hours of debate remaining on the joint resolution, equally divided in the usual form.
                                                            Page S1605 Appointments: Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki): The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to Public Law 94–304, as amended by Public Law 99–7, appointed the following Senators as members of the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe (Helsinki) during the 115th Congress: Senators Boozman, Rubio, and Tillis.
Nomination Received: Senate received the following nomination: 1 Army nomination in the rank of general. 
Additional Statements: Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—81)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 2 p.m. and adjourned at 6:59 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, March 7, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1605.) 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 12 public bills, H.R. 1362–1373; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 171–172 were introduced.
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1538 Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Harris to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gene Hemrick, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Member on the part of the House to the Board of Visitors to the United States Merchant Marine Academy: Representative Suozzi.
Senate Messages: Messages received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on pages H1535. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no Recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 4 p.m. and adjourned at 4:03 p.m. 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine a broader understanding of Russia’s policies and intentions toward specific countries in Europe, 2:15 p.m., SD–192. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rod J. Rosenstein, of Maryland, to be Deputy Attorney General, and Rachel L. Brand, of Iowa, to be Associate Attorney General, both of the Department of Justice, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider the nomination of Daniel Coats, of Indiana, to be Director of National Intelligence, 2:20 p.m., SH–219. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 725, the ‘‘Innocent Party Protection Act’’; H.R. 1301, the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Shaping the Future: Consolidating and Improving VA Community Care’’, 7:30 p.m., 334 Cannon. CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of March 7 through March 10, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, at approximately 10 a.m., Senate will continue consideration of H.J. Res. 44, Federal Land Policy and Management Act Rule, with up to eight hours of debate, and vote on passage of the joint resolution. During the balance of the week, Senate may consider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
Committee on Appropriations: March 7, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, to hold hearings to examine a broader understanding of Russia’s policies and intentions toward specific countries in Europe, 2:15 p.m., SD–192. March 8, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine investing in America, focusing on funding our nation’s transportation infrastructure needs, 10 a.m., SD–192. March 8, Subcommittee on Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine saving lives through medical research, 10:30 a.m., SD–138. Committee on Armed Services: March 8, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, to hold hearings to examine the global nuclear weapons environment, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. March 8, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to receive a closed briefing on cybersecurity from the Defense Science Board, 2:30 p.m., SVC–217. March 9, Full Committee, to hold hearings to examine U.S. Central Command and U.S. Africa Command, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: March 9, business meeting to consider S. 327, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to provide a safe harbor related to certain investment fund research reports, S. 444, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to expand the investor limitation for qualifying venture capital funds under an exemption from the definition of an investment company, S. 462, to require the Securities and Exchange Commission to refund or credit certain excess payments made to the Commission, S. 484, to amend the Investment Company Act of 1940 to terminate an exemption for companies located in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and any other possession of the United States, and S. 488, to increase the threshold for disclosures required by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to compensatory benefit plans, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: March 8, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Federal Communications Commission, 10 a.m., SH–216. 
Committee on Agriculture, March 9, Subcommittee on Commodity Exchanges, Energy, and Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Rural Development and Energy Programs’’, 10 a.m., 1300 Longworth. March 9, Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research, hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: Specialty Crops’’, 2 p.m., 1300 Longworth. Committee on Appropriations, March 8, Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 2362–B Rayburn. March 8, Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Government, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 2 p.m., 2359 Rayburn. March 8, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, hearing for public witnesses, 10 a.m., 2358–B Rayburn. March 8, Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies, hearing on quality of life in the military, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. March 9, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 2 p.m., 2362–A Rayburn. March 9, Subcommittee on Defense, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 9:30 a.m., H–140 Capitol. March 9, Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Management Challenges at the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education and the Social Security Administration: Views from the Inspectors General’’, 10 a.m., 2358–B Rayburn. March 9, Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs, oversight hearing on Department of State and Foreign Operations Programs, 10 a.m., 2362–A Rayburn. March 9, Subcommittee on Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies, hearing entitled ‘‘Members’ Day’’, 10 a.m., 2358–A Rayburn. Committee on Armed Services, March 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Military Assessment of Nuclear Deterrence Requirements’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 8, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of U.S. Army Readiness’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. March 8, Subcommittee on Seapower and Projection Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘An Independent Fleet Assessment of the U.S. Navy’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 9, Subcommittee on Strategic Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘Nuclear Deterrence—the Defense Science Board’s Perspective’’, 3:30 p.m., 2118 Rayburn. March 10, Subcommittee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effect of Sequestration and Continuing Resolutions on Marine Corps Modernization and Readiness’’, 9 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, March 8, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1304, the ‘‘SelfInsurance Protection Act’’; H.R. 1101, the ‘‘Small Business Health Fairness Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 1313, the ‘‘Preserving Employee Wellness Programs Act’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Ethics, March 9, Full Committee, organizational meeting for the 115th Congress, 2 p.m., 1015 Longworth. Committee on Financial Services, March 9, Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Flood Insurance Reform: FEMA’s Perspective’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. March 9, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 910, the ‘‘Fair Access to Investment Research Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1219, the ‘‘Supporting America’s Innovators Act of 
March 9, Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Democracy Under Threat in Ethiopia’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. 
Committee on Homeland Security, March 8, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 876, the ‘‘Aviation Employee Screening and Security Enhancement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1238, the ‘‘Securing our Agriculture and Food Act’’; H.R. 1249, the ‘‘DHS Multiyear Acquisition Strategy Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1252, the ‘‘DHS Acquisition Authorities Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1258, the ‘‘HSA Technical Corrections Act’’; H.R. 1282, the ‘‘DHS Acquisition Review Board Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1294, the ‘‘Reducing DHS Acquisition Cost Growth Act’’; H.R. 1297, the ‘‘Quadrennial Homeland Security Review Technical Corrections Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1302, the ‘‘Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel Exercise Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1309, the ‘‘TSA Administrator Modernization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1353, the ‘‘Transparency in Technological Acquisitions Act of 2017’’; the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Blue Campaign Authorization Act of 2017’’; a bill to be introduced prior to consideration by Chairman McCaul; the ‘‘Homeland Security for Children Act’’; and the ‘‘Department of Homeland Security Acquisition Innovation Act’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
March 9, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘The Current State of DHS Private Sector Engagement for Cybersecurity’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. 
Committee on House Administration, March 8, Full Committee, markup on a committee funding resolution, 10:45 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on the Judiciary, March 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Homeland Security’s Proposed Regulations Reforming the Investor Visa Program’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, March 9, Subcommittee on Indian, Insular, and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing entitled ‘‘Improving and Expanding Infrastructure in Tribal and Insular Communities’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, March 8, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1293, to amend title 5, United States Code, to require that the Office of Personnel Management submit an annual report to Congress relating to the use of official time by Federal employees; the ‘‘Official Time Reform Act of 2017’’; H.R. 653, the ‘‘Federal Intern Protection Act of 2017’’; H.R. 680, the ‘‘Eliminating Pornography from Agencies Act’’; H. Res. 38, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that offices attached to the seat of Government should not be required to exercise their offices in the District of Columbia; the ‘‘SOAR Reauthorization Act’’; H.R. 745, the ‘‘Federal Records Modernization Act of 2017’’; and the ‘‘Electronic Message Preservation Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 8, Subcommittee on Government Operations; and Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Examining IRS Customer Service Challenges’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. March 9, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing ATF’s Failures in the Death of ICE Agent Jaime Zapata’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. 
Committee on Rules, March 8, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 720, the ‘‘Lawsuit Abuse Reduction Act of 2017’’; H.R. 985, the ‘‘Fairness in Class Action Litigation Act of 2017’’, 3 p.m., H–313 Capitol. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, March 8, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘Regulating Space: Innovation, Liberty, and International Obligations’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
March 9, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘National Science Foundation Part I: Overview and Oversight’’, 11 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. March 9, Full Committee, markup on the ‘‘Honest and Open New EPA Science Treatment Act of 2017’’; and the ‘‘EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act of 2017’’, 9:30 a.m., 2321 Rayburn. 
Committee on Small Business, March 8, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Small Business Cybersecurity: Federal Resources and Coordination’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
March 9, Subcommittee on Investigations, Oversight, and Regulations, hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of SBA’s 7(a) Loan Program’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, March 8, Subcommittee on Aviation, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Air Transportation in the United States in the 21st Century’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
March 9, Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: The Role of Federal Agencies in Water Infrastructure’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. 
Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, March 8, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 369, to eliminate the sunset of the Veterans Choice Program, and for other purposes; H.R. 1181, the ‘‘Veterans 2nd Amendment Protection Act’’; H.R. 1259, the ‘‘VA Accountability First Act of 2017’’; a bill to improve the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire and retain physician and other employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs; and a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the entitlement to educational assistance under the Post 9/11 Educational Assistance Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs for members of the Armed Forces awarded the Purple Heart, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
Joint Hearing: March 9, Senate Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, to hold a joint hearing with the House Com mittee on Veterans’ Affairs to examine the legislative presentation of multiple veterans service organizations, 10 a.m., SD–G50. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, March 7 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consideration of H.J. Res. 44, Federal Land Policy and Management Act Rule, with up to eight hours of debate, and vote on passage of the joint resolution. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12:00 p.m., Tuesday, March 7 
HOUSE Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E275 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E276 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E273 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E273, E274, E275 Johnson, Mike, La., E273 LaHood, Darin, Ill., E275 Lee, Barbara, Calif., E274, E276 Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E274 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E276 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E274 Payne, Donald M., Jr., N.J., E273 Taylor, Scott, Va., E274 