Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate what I believe to be the most significant legislation of the 21st century. Of course, I am referring to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Mr. Speaker, as I travel my State of Kansas and across the country, people invariably share with me what they feel their priorities should be for this Federal Government. Number one, almost everyone will say within 5 or 10 minutes that they think national security is very, very important. Next, people typically talk to me about how important they feel education is. Thirdly, people will talk about how important they feel infrastructure is: roads, bridges, railroads, high speed internet, and those types of things. Mr. Speaker, no matter what your priorities are as an American, none of those will happen unless we have a strong, healthy economy; and that is what I believe the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act does. It helps to continue the strong economy that we have created. Mr. Speaker, we are so fortunate this year. We are about to celebrate our third quarter in a row of GDP growth over 3 percent. It seems like just January and I was coming here as a rookie Congressman. All the experts and all the press said this country will never see GDP growth again, yet we are about to have our third quarter in a row of it. It just amazes me to hear people continually tell me what we can and cannot do. I took a second to look at that. Why do we have this strong economy? Why is GDP growth going so well? I think it is very simple. We have rolled back regulations and slowed that down. So many people I have talked to have been sitting on the sidelines for the last 8 years, waiting for some certainty. This new President has given them the certainty to invest in this economy. Now it is time to pass this tax reform bill and make this economy even stronger. From day one, from the first day we got here, we talked about common visions and goals for what tax reform would look like. Number one, we wanted to make sure that we gave relief to hardworking Americans so that they would be able to keep more of the money they have earned through their labors. Number two, we wanted a simpler process. Number three, we wanted to grow a healthier economy that would create more jobs and pay higher wages. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be here this week and say that we have delivered for the American people. Let’s take a look at this bill. Number one, it gives relief to hardworking Americans. In Kansas, with the House bill, the average hardworking couple with two children is going to keep $1,400 more of their money. But as we continue this process, we tried to make each rendition of this bill better and better. Now, the average Kansas family will be able to keep up to $2,000 more of their hardearned money. But more than that, there are another 5 million Americans who will get another $2,000 bonus this next year. Those are the people who paid for the ObamaCare health insurance penalty that they refused to take because the insurance was not worth anything. Many hardworking Americans will keep up to $4,000 more of their money. Next, it is simpler. Ninety percent of Americans will be able to do their taxes on the back of a postcard. Is that not simpler? Of course, it is. I don’t think anybody can argue those first two points. Thirdly, the goal was to figure out how we grow the economy, how we grow jobs, how we increase wages for people. That is what we have done. We have lowered taxes on small businesses, which will be the main job creators of this economy. By lowering those taxes, they are going to invest more in their people, in labor, and in capital items. Those will all lead to growing this economy. This is a very easy bill to support, Mr. Speaker. I don’t have a Ph.D. in 
economy, but I come from the school of hard knocks and hard work. Having ran several companies myself, I think the job pattern that we have going on will keep growing. We have a 16year high in consumer confidence, a 16year low in unemployment. That is mostly due to rolling back regulations. But as we go forward with this tax reform, we are going to grow more jobs and have more opportunities for Americans. This is the start of a new year with the greatest tax reform, the most important legislation of the 21st century, and I am so proud to be part of this process. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BUDD) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Dan C. Cummins, Peoples Church, Jacksonville, Texas, offered the following prayer: O Lord, our Lord, how excellent is Your name in all the Earth. When we consider the heavens and the Earth, the works of Your fingers, what is man that You are mindful of us? In our troubles, we cry out to You, and You hear us. Your ear is not deaf, Your arms of mercy never refuse our salvation. Great is the Lord, greatly to be praised. You are our refuge, our very present help in times of trouble. Righteousness exalts a nation, but sin is a reproach to its people. Forgive us O Lord, where we have sinned and come short of Your glory. Let Your grace wash over us. Though our sins be as scarlet, wash us and make us whiter than snow. Blessed is the Nation whose God is the Lord. Let us exalt the Lord together, and He will heal us. In Jesus’ name, Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SHIMKUS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
CONGRATULATING GENERAL BEN HODGES (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate General Ben Hodges on his 37 years of active military service and his retiring on December 15. Ben and I entered West Point together in 1976, and both graduated as Goats in 1980. We both branched infantry and attended ranger school together, graduating in the spring of 1981. While I went Active Duty and Reserves, Ben continued his active military service. We met in Kirkuk, Iraq, as he commanded the brigade in the 101st Air Assault Division. We bumped into each other as he headed the Army legislative liaison here in Washington, D.C., and we saw each other numerous times in his last assignment commanding the United States Army in Europe. In that position, Ben gave comfort to our NATO allies in the east, creating a permanent rotational mission. Congratulations, Ben, on a job well done. Pride and excellence, and beat Navy. May God bless you and your future endeavors. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I join my colleague from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) today and rise in support of H.R. 3759, the Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act. I want to congratulate all the cosponsors of this bill for their good work in terms of bringing this forward, and, again, it looks very promising that it will be passed and signed into law shortly. Mr. Speaker, the number of Americans over the age of 65 is expected to reach 70 million by 2030, roughly doubling the number that existed in 2005. As those Americans age and require assistance with their daily routines—taking medication, getting dressed, cooking, and attending medical appointments—family caregivers will step in to make sure that their loved ones are safe and cared for. This is difficult work. For an adult child, caring for an aging parent can quickly become a fulltime job. Between juggling appointments, understanding medications, helping make informed medical decisions, a caregiver’s own priorities can take a backseat. Most caregivers have jobs of their own, and many care simultaneously for an aging parent as well as their own children. But caregivers are not only providing care for older Americans or even younger Americans with developmental disabilities. They also serve those who have served our country. I recently met with a caregiver from my district, Jessica, who cares for her husband, a veteran who suffered serious traumatic brain injury during the battle of Fallujah. Her experience managing her husband’s complex medical needs while also raising their children goes to show that ensuring caregivers are supported is a national priority. The bill under consideration today would recognize the contribution that family caregivers make toward the safety and health of older Americans. It would require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop and maintain a strategy to support family caregivers by establishing an advisory body to bring together caregivers, older adults, persons with disabilities, veterans, employers, and State and local officials. This advisory council would make recommendations for how to support, assist, and engage family caregivers. Caregivers are needed to help Americans live independently in their homes and communities for as long as possible. In my home State of Connecticut, there are 459,000 family caregivers who provide an estimated $5.9 billion in unpaid care, annually. Supporting older and disabled Americans through caregiving and ensuring caregivers are equipped to take on this important role benefits all Americans. Evidence has shown that, when caregivers are supported, patients delay placement in a nursing home, continuing with lowercost, longterm support in the home for much longer periods of time. Caregiving is foundational to our longterm care system in the United States. This legislation is an important step to ensure this work is recognized and supported. Again, as the gentleman pointed out, the Commission on LongTerm Care, which was actually created by this body in 2012 as part of one of the budget bills that passed that year, was a group of stakeholders from all across the country, in various sectors, that came together and issued a report that, unfortunately, I don’t think has gotten the focus and attention it needs with the demographics that our country is experiencing right now: the aging of our society. However, this is one of those recommendations for which signs of intelligent life appeared in Congress, and we are taking up their call for passing legislation like the RAISE Act. So again, I want to congratulate all the sponsors for coming together, and I am looking forward to sending this bill to the President for his signature. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ). Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3759, the Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage Family Caregivers Act of 2017, or the RAISE Family Caregivers Act. This is a bipartisan and bicameral bill. I introduced the RAISE Act in the House along with Representative KATHY CASTOR as well as Representatives STEFANIK and L UJAN GRISHAM . There are now 107 cosponsors of the bill. An almost identical bill, S. 1028, introduced by Senator COLLINS and Senator BALDWIN , passed the House unanimously on September 26. The RAISE Act is supported by a broad coalition of over 60 organizations, from AARP to United Cerebral Palsy. But I was particularly inspired to introduce the RAISE Act because, frankly, like many of our constituents, my wife and I are caregivers for our 
family, for our adult son, Livingston, who has fragile X syndrome. About 12 million people of all ages need the support of family caregivers today, and this number will more than double by the year 2050. By supporting family caregivers, we can help people live at home, where they want to be, helping to delay or prevent costlier institutional care and unnecessary hospitalizations, saving taxpayer dollars. The bill creates an advisory council within the Department of Health and Human Services to identify and recommend actions that Federal, State, and local governments, communities, healthcare providers, longterm services and support providers, and others are taking, or may take, to recognize and support those family caregivers. The idea is to enhance coordination of and implementation under existing programs. I appreciate the support we have received from the Education and the Workforce Committee on this legislation, particularly the chair, VIRGINIA  FOXX. My office has worked closely with the committee, AARP, as well as with Representative CASTOR , Senator COLLINS , and Senator B ALDWIN , to develop a bipartisan, bicameral piece of legislation with broad coalition support that we could successfully bring to the floor. CBO has scored the bill at $1 million over 50 years, but it sunsets in 3 years, and no new funds are authorized to be appropriated. This bill gives hope and comfort to the large number of family caregivers across the country who are often struggling to look after their loved ones, whether a specialneeds child, a loved one with traumatic brain injury, or an elderly parent or a spouse. It is important that the Congress and the administration send this message of caring and support for the family caregivers across our Nation. I ask that Members vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR), a cosponsor of the bill, a former member of the Education and the Workforce Committee; and even though she has migrated to other committees, her heart still is with the mission of the Education and the Workforce Committee, which is obviously shown by her cosponsorship of this legislation. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. COURTNEY , for yielding the time and for his advocacy on behalf of America’s families. I rise in strong support of H.R. 3759, the RAISE Family Caregivers Act, and I want to thank my good friend and colleague Congressman GREGG HARPER  for being my partner in this endeavor to bring more attention to the struggle of so many families across the country for more balance, more support, when they must take care of a sick family member or a friend. I would also like to thank Senator SUSAN COLLINS and Senator T AMMY  BALDWIN , who have been tireless champions for caregivers and their families. Family caregiving has become the new normal in healthcare here in America because it is oftentimes astronomically expensive to hire a caregiver or to get a little respite. Some do, but for many families, the better decision is a tough one, oftentimes, to make a very significant personal sacrifice: quit your job or go parttime while they devote themselves to their loved one. All too often, caregivers are the only support system for their child with special needs or an aging family member, and they have little to no support for themselves. Many of America’s veterans stay integrated in communities because of the sacrifices of their family members to make sure that they get out and about and get to their appointments and get the care and interaction that they need. b1645 Family caregivers help with many basic activities, like eating, dressing, transportation, bathing; and sometimes they are called upon to do things that are a little more complicated, such as even a little bit of medical care or nursing care. Here are some of the shocking statistics: about 40 million family caregivers provide about $470 billion annually in unpaid care to their loved ones, and about 3.7 million family caregivers provide care to a child under the age of 18 due to a medical or behavioral condition or disability. Because of the massive commitment of time, many caregivers leave the workforce. Caregivers age 50 and older, who leave the workforce to care for a parent, lose, on average, nearly $304,000 in wages and benefits over their lifetime. Women are most often the main caregivers and their average is even higher, about $324,000 in lost benefits and wages. In my home State of Florida, there are almost 3 million caregivers at any given time and they provide over 2.6 billion hours of care. A closer look at the workrelated effects, as well as the personal, financial, and emotional hardships, demonstrates an increasing need to come together to better understand the unique needs of our caregivers and what we can do to support them. That is why Congressman HARPER  and I introduced the bipartisanship Recognize, Assist, Include, Support, and Engage—RAISE—Family Caregivers Act. The RAISE Family Caregivers Act will create and maintain a common national family caregiver strategy led by the Secretary of Health and Human Services so that we can develop some additional support systems for the folks back home. Our bill will bring together a diverse spectrum of stakeholders, experts, folks who are working every day to take care of their loved ones to be a part of the advisory council that will help develop some additional recommendations, hopefully for this Congress. We must ensure that family caregivers have the resources and tools they need to face lost wages and the personal demands of taking care of their loved one while ensuring that their loved one does receive the best care. I would like to thank the AARP, the Alzheimer’s Association, the Elizabeth Dole Foundation, the Family Caregiver Alliance, and so many more that have encouraged us on this important piece of legislation. As the complexity and intensity of family caregiving increases, I believe that this legislation will help boost families and allow us to be smart and efficient with our resources. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this important bipartisanship bill. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate the sponsors of this legislation and also just note that the Elizabeth Dole Foundation is a strong supporter. This is a group that has been formed to help wounded warriors in terms of getting the caregiving help that they need from other family members who are sometimes overlooked in terms of our country’s appreciation for those who wear the uniform of this country. Mr. Speaker, I call for support for the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, before I came to Congress in April, I served as the Kansas State treasurer. In that role, I had the opportunity to implement the ABLE Act, which was legislation that was passed here in the last few years. Talking with a lot of parents, as they were abled and concerned about how do they care for their disabled children, led to the creation of the ABLE Act. During that process, we also talked with a lot of other caregivers who cared for maybe senior citizens, maybe adult children who were in their home, and wanted to make sure that that burden that they faced in providing that family care was ameliorated and supported in any way that it could be. The RAISE Family Caregivers Act will help recognize the essential role of family caregivers and share important information so that they may better care for others. This legislation fulfills a bipartisanship recommendation from the Commission on LongTerm Care, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 3759. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3759, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the 
rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING SUPPORT FOR USE OF PUBLICPRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS TO BRING COMPUTER SCIENCE EDUCATION TO MORE K–12 CLASSROOMS Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 95) expressing support for the use of publicprivate partnerships to bring computer science education to more K– 12 classrooms, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 95 Whereas 9 in 10 parents want their child to study computer science, but only 40 percent of schools teach computer programming; Whereas lowincome students and students from small towns and rural communities are less likely to attend a school that offers computer science programming; Whereas computing makes up twothirds of all projected new jobs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields; Whereas there are over 500,000 open computing jobs nationwide and such job openings are projected to grow at twice the rate of all other jobs; Whereas significant workforce shortages in computing fields, particularly in cybersecurity, can pose significant threats to our national security; and Whereas computing occupations are among the highest paying jobs for new graduates: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), That the Congress expresses support for the use of publicprivate partnerships to bring computer science education to more K–12 classrooms throughout the country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 95. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Con. Res. 95, expressing support for the use of publicprivate partnerships to bring computer science education to more K–12 classrooms. Mr. Speaker, science, technology, engineering, and math education, known collectively as STEM education, all play a critical role in how we educate and prepare the next generation of America’s workforce. Many of our Nation’s most successful business leaders and entrepreneurs place an emphasis on modern coding and computer skills. These skills are a result of a STEM education. As an engineer who worked for many years in the private sector, I would like to emphasize the need for more of our students to be equipped with backgrounds in STEM. The American economy and workforce have undergone a rapid transformation, thanks to the rise of technology, and its role in America’s future is only going to increase. As advancement continues, it is critical that the country’s students are equipped with the knowledge and tools they need to compete at the global level. These skills can be gained through the expansion of K–12 STEM education. America has long been a pioneer of innovation in medicine, energy, agriculture, and other new technologies. We take pride in our ability to cultivate, innovate, and change the world for the better as new trends in every corner of the economy require a workforce equipped to meet those demands. However, if we do not adequately prepare our future scientists, mathematicians, engineers, and computer scientists, other countries will outpace us. We cannot allow this. Of all the projected new jobs in science, technology, engineering, and mathematic fields, computing is estimated to make up twothirds of those positions. At the present, there are over 500,000 unfilled computing jobs nationwide, and those numbers are projected to grow at twice the rate of other jobs. In my district in Kansas, we need students to learn STEM in order to fill new jobs in advanced manufacturing. When Congress passed landmark legislation earlier this year to strengthen career and technical education, or CTE, it sent a clear message to students and employers that Members of the House of Representatives recognize the growing skills gap in this country, and we are committed to improving alignment with indemand jobs so that the 6 million job openings nationwide may be filled with students equipped with the necessary tools to make our workforce even stronger. Congress has once again had the opportunity to help close the skills gap by launching more American students into fulfilling STEM careers. These careers are not only in high demand, but they are also high skilled and among the highest paying jobs for new graduates. Students who enter this field are not only helping to close the skills gap in our country, but they are setting themselves up for a lifetime of meaningful work and personal fulfillment. In fact, 9 in 10 parents want their children to study computer science, but less than half—only 40 percent—of schools teach the subject. Lowincome students and students hailing from small towns and rural communities are especially at a disadvantage. Their schools are much less likely to offer computer science courses than schools in urban areas and those that serve middle class students. A ZIP Code and economic data does not determine whether a child will need to excel in computer science, and it should not determine whether that child receives computer science education. We need coders and computer scientists from a wealth of backgrounds to build the most capable and robust workforce in the world. Encouraging publicprivate partnerships to bring computer science education to more K–12 classrooms nationwide is a commonsense solution to develop STEM education around the country. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will support this resolution to encourage efforts to provide more students access to these important skills so that they are prepared to join our Nation’s workforce. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in appreciation of the sentiment that is expressed in the resolution. However, I just feel that the content of this resolution, if it is examined closely, particularly in juxtaposition with the Every Student Succeeds Act, which was the K–12 reauthorization signed into law almost exactly 2 years ago on December 10, 2015, a bipartisanship measure—Congressman Kline, who was the Republican chairman of the House Education Committee, was at the White House with his counterparts from the Senate at the billsigning ceremony—if people go back and read that, they will see that actually the road map and the pathway to achieve the goal of this resolution was actually laid out by folks from both sides of the aisle in terms of boosting authorized funding for K–12, particularly for lowincome students, raising the authorizing for title I schools, which has been the workhorse of the Federal Government in terms of trying to help target resources for kids who come from distressed sectors and areas in terms of urban areas and rural areas, and also had many voluntary permissive authorizations for STEM. Now, if anything, this resolution understates the scope of the demand that is out there for computer science and for STEM skills. There is not a sector in the American economy, from agriculture, where the gentleman comes from in Kansas, farmers are out there using STEM skills every single day in terms of food production. It exists in manufacturing. I come from a district that is a shipbuilding district. We are in the process of boosting submarine production up in Groton, Connecticut. The metal trades workers are out there using computer 
skills on the shop floors to make sure that that precision manufacturing happens accurately. Certainly, financial services up in Hartford, Connecticut, the home of insurance companies like Travelers and The Hartford, they just started a couple years ago the Insurance and Finance Academy, which is a magnet school that brings in Travelers, Smith Barney, and The Hartford to collaborate with the public school system to make sure that kids, particularly low income kids, from Hartford, Connecticut, are getting the opportunity to learn about things like finance, banking—giving them those skills— which are intrinsically connected to computer science. Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that there is great appetite in the private sector for publicprivate partnerships. I would stipulate to that and again argue that, in fact, the resolution almost understates what is out there. What is missing is the public investment, which ESSA authorized, whether it was title I, whether it is funding to boost teaching skills in the STEM area. We try to give permissive authority to school districts to find math teachers, science teachers, computer science teachers, engineering folks and their curriculum, which every school district is crying out for. There isn’t a Member in this body who isn’t hearing about that back home. We want to solve that problem. A resolution like this is certainly not going to get in the way of that, but what we need to do is make sure we fund the authorizations that, on a bipartisanship basis, we passed in 2015. Unfortunately, if you look at the budget that came over from the White House back in May, the White House proposed a 13.5 percent cut to the Department of Education, elimination of all Federal funding for K–12 teacher professional development, and afterschool programs, which I was up at one of them, the 21st Century Learning After School Program in Norwich, Connecticut, a distressed municipality. They had kids, after school, working on their computer skills, their math skills, their science skills to give them the chance to keep up with their grade level and to be school ready when they go into high school. b1700 Again, the big one was the cut to title 1, which, as I said, is the workhorse making sure that lowincome kids actually have funding levels that at least come somewhat close to their counterparts in more wealthy parts of the country in wealthy school districts. So, again, this resolution is not certainly going to be a negative, but it certainly misses the opportunity that we really should be focused on as Members of Congress for bolstering the public side of the publicprivate partnership. As I said, the private sector is speaking loud and clear that they are looking for these skills and actually stepping forward like companies like General Dynamics at the shipyard that I described in southeastern Connecticut or The Hartford and Travelers up in the capital city of the State of Connecticut. What we need to be doing is match them in terms of our commitment to make sure we are funding magnet school programs, again, title 1 programs, that help the 90 percent of kids who are in public schools so that we actually are going to achieve the goal which this resolution sets forward. So, again, I certainly commend the sentiment of the sponsors of this, but it leaves out, really, what I think is the real question of the day, which is whether or not we are going to step up as a nation and truly fund publicprivate partnerships to boost computer science skills. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H. Con. Res. 95, and I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their advocacy in this regard. We need a strong publicprivate partnership to address computer science education in this country. I want to talk about a school in my district, Howard High School. The great Reggie White went there. It is a school that I proudly adorned the hat when we played baseball. It is an inner city school. I went there this year, as I also did at Barger Elementary in Chattanooga—inner city schools. The students have a great desire for computer science literacy. They actually taught me to code. I am basically computer science illiterate. I use pads and the like, and that is okay. But we know that the jobs of the future—no, the jobs of today—are not being filled due to a lack of skill. It is projected that, by 2020, we are going to have about 1 million unfilled jobs that require computer science education. We are filling about 10 percent—only 10 percent of them. What does that mean? I am a champion of workforce development, and I know my colleagues on both sides of the aisle champion workforce development. What does that mean? That means that we will have jobs to fill that we can’t fill. For national defense, we will need computer science literacy. This is something that we have got tremendous bipartisan support for. I can say this: as a proud appropriator—to my friend from the other side of the aisle—as a proud appropriator and a member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Subcommittee on Appropriations, I am committed to that funding. We actually have language this year in that bill. So let us all come together, I would say in not only a bipartisan and nonpartisan way, to support computer science literacy. The private sector is there, the public sector will step up, and America’s children in K–12 will be the beneficiaries. It will truly make America a greater and stronger place. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. TAYLOR ). Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, in Thomas Friedman’s latest book, he gives this anecdote that I believe helps to define the world that we live in today. He says that in 1999, the world’s strongest supercomputer was the size of a tennis court, and the power to power that supercomputer could power the equivalent of 800 homes. Fast forward to 2005 or 2006, and that same computing power was found in the Sony PlayStation. Think about that for a second. Each one of us has the same computing power of the world’s strongest nation state just 20 years ago. If we don’t see how that affects business, national security, public policy, or education, then we are already behind. Throughout its history, America has faced struggles that define a generation. Economic depressions, world wars, dying industries, and new technologies have changed the way that we view and respond to the new period. For this digital native generation growing up now, and for the foreseeable future, the first challenge for them will be education. Now, education and lifelong learning are not only requirements in this changed world, they are the difference between failure or success, hopelessness or optimism, pessimism or ambition. Our children are and will grow up in a fast world, faster than ours, very different, and a blurring reality between the physical and virtual worlds. We need a revolution in the way that we educate our Nation. By 2020, there will be 1 million more computing jobs than graduates. This gap represents $500 billion that our children will never see because they were never taught, and that gap is only growing, and it is growing larger. Right now, only one out of four schools in America teaches computer science. Lowincome and rural students have even less access. Now, you don’t have to be able to view the future to see the writing on the wall. As the education gap widens, the American Dream shrinks. We as Members of Congress have a duty and responsibility to reject that path for our country and help and lead to chart a new course for our American future. Ninety percent of parents want computer science taught in their kids’ schools. This resolution today calls for exactly that. I am grateful for the support of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, Representatives LIPINSKI , FLEISCHMANN , and K ILMER , as we stand together to help bring computer 
science education to classrooms across America. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for and support this important measure, H. Con. Res. 95. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as I said earlier, this resolution is a sentiment that is hard to dispute or argue, but, unfortunately, it is just that, a resolution that really, beyond sort of expressing a goal, an aspirational goal, doesn’t move the ball forward in terms of actually implementing what I think this resolution seeks to do, which is to make sure that school districts—every school district—particularly those with lowincome kids from urban areas and rural parts of the country, have the resources which the Every Student Succeeds Act signed into law 2 years ago and laid a pathway out for us to achieve, but, unfortunately, because of the funding levels that have not come close to the authorized levels, we are falling short. I couldn’t agree more with the speakers, the proponents of this, that what is at stake here, really, I think, pervades almost every priority and every sector of our country’s economy and our national policy. In 1958, when the Russians fired Sputnik, thenPresident Dwight Eisenhower stepped forward and advocated the National Defense Education Act because he recognized that, from a national security standpoint, having a national policy to make sure that there are adequate resources out there for our Nation was really central to our national defense. That triggered, again, a revolution in American education, whether at the higher education level or even at the elementary level; and following that lead in 1965, we passed the ESEA Act, which funded, for the first time, title 1 that gave resources to lowincome districts. That commitment has deteriorated. It has deteriorated over the last 6 years with budgets that have underfunded this program. If you really took title 1 in terms of the full measure of eligibility for lowincome students and school districts, we are funding it at about half of what the real need is out there for those types of school districts. So, again, hopefully maybe this resolution will be an awakening for people in this Chamber, particularly as we are on the verge of taking up the 2018 budget, that funding education is as important to our economy and is as important to our national defense, frankly, as any other part of the Federal budget, because that gives us the tools to succeed as a nation, not just in 2018, but in many years forward. So, again, I certainly am friends with some of the sponsors of this resolution. I salute the sentiment that was offered when this was introduced just a week or so ago, but, frankly, it falls short of the true commitment that we need to make as a Congress to fund and give the resources to make sure that this aspirational goal is achieved. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, we try to endeavor to look at how do we prepare students and young adults for their career and look at ways to prepare them not just from starting with an engineering degree or a technical degree at college, but actually making sure that in their K–12 education they are better prepared as well. As an engineer, I saw this firsthand how my education through high school and into college helped prepare me for the career that I had in the private sector before I went into the public service role. We see this continuously with the importance of having a trained workforce ready to work in our industries. In my district, Wichita is known as the Air Capital of the World, and the one thing that I hear over and over again from aerospace companies is there is a shortage of trained, skilled workforce ready to work. STEM education plays such a critical role in terms of how we educate and prepare the next generation of America’s workforce, and so we need to encourage public and private partnerships in order to increase computer science education in K–12 classrooms. It is just a commonsense solution to try to increase STEM education in the United States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H. Con. Res. 95, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the concurrent resolution, H. Con. Res. 95, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the concurrent resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KEEP AMERICA’S REFUGES OPERATIONAL ACT Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3979) to amend the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 to reauthorize the volunteer services, community partnership, and refuge education programs of the National Wildlife Refuge System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3979 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act’’. SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGE SYSTEM VOLUNTEER SERVICES, COMMUNITY PARTNERSHIP, AND REFUGE EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 7 of the Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742f) is amended in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘2011 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3979, the Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act, reauthorizes the National Wildlife Refuge System volunteer, community partnership, and education programs for fiscal years 2018 through 2022. I am proud to have joined with my good friend from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) to support conservation efforts at our Nation’s wildlife refuges in a way that is also fiscally responsible. Each year the refuge system’s volunteer, community partnership, and education programs facilitate more than 1.4 million hours of service from more than 40,000 volunteers in support of our Nation’s wildlife refuge system. The valuable contributions of these volunteers help maintain our Nation’s 566 refuges, 14 of which I am proud to say are in the Commonwealth of Virginia. These programs help ensure that Americans can visit, explore, fish, hunt, and study wildlife for generations to come. As a kid, I spent most of my time outdoors, and today, I still frequently visit the Rappahannock River Wildlife Refuge in my district. I have long appreciated the value of nature and wildlife in our society as well as the importance of environmental stewardship. Volunteers perform a wide variety of tasks to assist with our refuge operations. Examples of these tasks include habitat improvement projects, laboratory research assistance, leading refuge tours, conducting fish and wildlife population surveys, and much more. All of these tasks help the Fish and Wildlife Service more efficiently fulfill its mission while also providing an opportunity for individuals and groups to contribute to the preservation and protection of our Nation’s wildlife and public lands. b1715 H.R. 3979 reauthorizes the costefficient resource that helps the U.S. Fish 
and Wildlife Service fulfill its mission to protect and preserve the Nation’s fish and wildlife. These volunteer programs are very popular with folks throughout the country, with more applicants than available volunteer slots. This legislation has broad support from several recreational and conservation organizations, as well as bipartisan support across the Congress. I thank Chairman BISHOP for moving this legislation and, again, extend my great appreciation to Mr. JEFFRIES for sponsoring this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) for yielding, as well as for her leadership. I also thank Chairman BISHOP for his leadership in helping to move this legislation forward. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3979, the Keep America’s Refuges Operational Act, a bipartisan bill that will reauthorize the volunteer, community partnership, and education program for our National Wildlife Refuge System. Let me begin by thanking my good friend, the distinguished gentleman from the Commonwealth of Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), who has partnered with me on this legislation and is a strong champion for our country’s refuges. This commonsense, bipartisan legislation will support conservation efforts at our Nation’s refuges in a way that saves taxpayers dollars and stimulates jobs and economic opportunity. Our National Wildlife Refuge System is comprised of 566 refuges located in every U.S. State and territory. Refuges make up over 800 million acres of habitat dedicated to the conservation of fish and wildlife. Each year, 47 million Americans visit refuges, which help to support local economies by generating over $2 billion in revenue and more than 35,000 local jobs. People visit refuges from all over the country to explore, hunt, fish, and experience America’s natural beauty. Refuges also help to mold the next generation of conservationists and outdoor enthusiasts by providing learning experiences and cherished memories for America’s families. Refuges have a tremendous impact for communities all over America, even in my hometown of Brooklyn, New York. But this wouldn’t be possible without help from dedicated volunteers, who donate 20 percent of the total service work at our refuges. They support full time staff by helping to operate visitor centers; conduct fish and wildlife population surveys; maintain visitor structures, roads, and paths; fight invasive species; and protect native plants and animals. While volunteers may vary in age, background, and skill set, what they all have in common is their dedication to preserving our country’s natural beauty so that we can all enjoy it for years to come. Advancing this legislation has been a collaborative process, and I greatly appreciate the hard work of Mr. WITTMAN  and Members on both sides of the aisle. Through this bipartisan legislation, we will demonstrate the economic benefits to be gained from protecting America’s natural beauty and being good stewards of the environment God has given to us all. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support H.R. 3979. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the passage of H.R. 3979 extends the authorization of volunteer and educational programs on the National Wildlife Refuge System administered by the Fish and Wildlife Service. This bill highlights the importance of community partnerships and volunteers and the value they bring to our public lands. In 2016, refuge volunteers donated 1.3 million hours, which equals $30.6 million of labor value. Volunteers are critical for the daily operation of the National Wildlife Refuge System and other Federal lands. I know, in many cases, visitors would not have access to these unique places without the participation of volunteers and other partners. I serve as ranking member of the Federal Lands Subcommittee, where we held a hearing on this bill in November and heard testimony from the National Wildlife Refuge Association about the importance of sustaining the volunteer program. I am pleased we can work in a bipartisan fashion to move this important message through the House. I commend the sponsor, Representative JEFFRIES of New York, for his hard work and dedication to this issue. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I echo the sentiment of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. This truly is what makes our Nation great: individuals willing to give of their time to work on these refuges. Many times, the ability to access those refuges is dependent upon those volunteers. We take a few resources and stretch them across the Nation on many of these refuge lands, and it is our volunteers who, many times, help in maintaining these lands and making sure that there is access and making sure that people who come to visit understand the true value and nature of the resources that are there. It is, truly, I think, a great example of what makes our country great: people willing to put their time and effort into these refuges and making sure they, indeed, can be enjoyed by all. This is why I think this bill enjoys the support of folks on both sides of the aisle. This truly is, I think, an issue that should bring us all together. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3979, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION, AFG, AND SAFER PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4661) to reauthorize the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grants program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grants program, and the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response grant program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4661 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. REAUTHORIZATION OF THE UNITED STATES FIRE ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 17(g)(1)(M) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2216 (g)(1)(M)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘for each such fiscal year’’ after ‘‘$2,753,672’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM AND THE FIRE PREVENTION AND SAFETY GRANTS PROGRAM. 
(a) S UNSET .—Section 33(r) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229(r)) is amended by striking ‘‘the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Fire Grants Reauthorization Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 33(q)(1)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229(q)(1)(B)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) AUTHORIZATION FOR CERTAIN TRAINING  UNDER ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS  
PROGRAM .—Section 33(c)(3) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229(c)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) To provide specialized training to firefighters, paramedics, emergency medical service workers, and other first responders to recognize individuals who have mental illness and how to properly intervene with individuals with mental illness, including strategies for verbal deescalation of crisis.’’. 
SEC. 4. REAUTHORIZATION OF STAFFING FOR ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) S UNSET .—Section 34(k) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(k)) is amended by striking ‘‘the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of the Fire Grants Reauthorization Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2024’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 34(j)(1)(I) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(j)(1)(I)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (c) MODIFICATION OF APPLICATION REQUIRE MENTS .—Section 34(b)(3)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(b)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘of subsection (a)(1)(B)(ii) and (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘of subsection (a)(1)(F)’’. (d) MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION .—Section 34(c)(2) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘prior to the date of enactment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘prior to the date of the application for the grant’’. (e) MODIFICATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— Section 34(d)(1)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(d)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(E) or subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(E), (c)(2), or (c)(4)’’. (f) EXPANSION OF STAFFING FORADEQUATE  FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM ; REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN  USE OF GRANT AMOUNTS TRANSFERRED TO ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM .—Section 34(a)(1)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229a(a)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or to change the status of parttime or paidoncall (as defined in section 33(a)) firefighters to fulltime firefighters’’ after ‘‘firefighters’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and to provide’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of crises’’. 
SEC. 5. TRAINING ON ADMINISTRATION OF FIRE GRANT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the Administrator of the United States Fire Administration, may develop and make widely available an electronic, online training course for members of the fire and emergency response community on matters relating to the administration of grants under sections 33 and 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall ensure that any training developed and made available under subsection (a) is— (1) tailored to the financial and time constraints of members of the fire and emergency response community; and (2) accessible to all individuals in the career, combination, paidoncall, and volunteer fire and emergency response community. SEC. 6. FRAMEWORK FOR OVERSIGHT AND MONITORING OF THE ASSISTANCE TO FIREFIGHTERS GRANTS PROGRAM, THE FIRE PREVENTION AND SAFETY GRANTS PROGRAM, AND THE STAFFING FOR ADEQUATE FIRE AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) F RAMEWORK .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, acting through the Administrator of the United States Fire Administration, shall develop and implement a grant monitoring and oversight framework to mitigate and minimize risks of fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement relating to the grants programs under sections 33 and 34 of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2229 and 2229a). (b) ELEMENTS .—The framework required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Developing standardized guidance and training for all participants in the grant programs described in subsection (a). (2) Conducting regular risk assessments. (3) Conducting desk reviews and site visits. (4) Enforcement actions to recoup potential questionable costs of grant recipients. (5) Such other oversight and monitoring tools as the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency considers necessary to mitigate and minimize fraud, waste, abuse, and mismanagement relating to the grant programs described in subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Virginia. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4661, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017 reflects a bipartisan, bicameral agreement reached between the House and the Senate authorizing committees. I want to particularly thank our chairman and ranking member and my friend, Senator MCCAIN, for his leadership on this bill in the Senate, in helping us get this agreement today. I note we all appreciate his service as well as his commitment to the service of all those here whom we are working for today. Fire prevention and safety is literally a matter of life and death. In 2015, there were 1.34 million fires reported in the United States, causing more than 3,000 civilian deaths and 15,000 injuries. In addition to this devastating human loss, fires cost $14.3 billion in property damage. As I travel throughout my district and visit with firefighters and paramedics, I am constantly reminded of the sacrifices they make to protect our neighbors. Certainly, as we have seen the raging fires in California, that is brought to mind also. One thing I consistently hear from our volunteer and professional firefighters is how critical these grants are to their stations. Whether they help by providing training for additional firefighters or providing upgraded respirators to ensure their safety, towns and communities around the district are safer as a result of these grants. Sadly, last year, 69 of our firefighters across the country lost their lives in the line of duty. Fire prevention has improved dramatically since Congress passed the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act in 1974, which created the U.S. Fire Administration and the National Fire Academy. This has certainly professionalized all of this work, but there are still areas for improvement. Firefighting activities and funding are primarily the responsibility of States and local communities. The USFA and NFA, however, are responsible for national data collection, public education, and research and training programs to reduce fire deaths and make our communities and residents safer, as well as make our firefighters safer. For the last 15 years, the Federal Government has also awarded competitive grants directly to local fire departments and unaffiliated emergency medical services, or EMS, organizations to help with a variety of equipment, training, and other needs. FIRE Act awards provide funding and equipment training to ensure the safety of our Nation’s first responders. SAFER Act awards help local departments to recruit, hire, and retain trained firefighters. Many firefighting departments in my district rely on these grants in order to maintain high quality fire and emergency services for their communities. Loudoun County, in particular, received $2 million through this grant program. According to Fire Chief Brower: ‘‘These programs greatly assist localities in the areas of firefighter safety, fire and life safety education, and improved resourcing for tactical fire operations.’’ More than 80 people lost their lives in the horrific Grenfell Tower fire in London that occurred earlier this year. Closer to home, it was just 2 years ago that a Metro fire injured 70 and killed a Virginia resident who was a grandmother of three, who was on her way to work. California’s huge wildfires are in today’s headlines and remind us that, as communities continue to expand into wildland areas, wildfires pose growing risk for human life, home and property losses, and entire communities. When fires occur, first responders run toward the flames and put themselves 
in danger in order to prevent lives from being lost. This bill will reauthorize the USFA and the FIRE and SAFER programs for 6 years and ensure that our Nation’s firefighters and paramedics have the tools and training they need to fight and prevent devastating fires. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill today, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I am writing to you concerning the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on Homeland Security in H.R. 4661, the ‘‘United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017.’’ The bill contains provisions that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on Homeland Security. I recognize and appreciate the desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Homeland Security will not assert its jurisdictional claim over this bill by seeking a sequential referral. The Committee takes this action with the mutual understanding that by foregoing action at this time we do not waive any jurisdiction over subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. This waiver is also given with the understanding that the Committee on Homeland Security expressly reserves its authority to seek conferees on any provision within its jurisdiction during any HouseSenate conference on this or any similar legislation, and requests your support for such a request. I ask that a copy of this letter and your response be included in the CONGRESSIONAL  RECORD during consideration of this bill on the House floor. Sincerely, MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, Chairman, Committee on Home Security, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Committee on Homeland Security’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 4661, the ‘‘United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 4661 by your committee. I agree that the Committee on Homeland Security has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 4661 and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to not request a sequential referral of H.R. 4661. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND  INFRASTRUCTURE , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. LAMAR SMITH, Chairman, Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCHAIRMAN SMITH: I write concerning H.R. 4661, the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017. This legislation includes matters that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure will forego action on the bill. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding that foregoing consideration of the bill does not prejudice the Committee with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation that fall within the Committee’s Rule X jurisdiction. Lastly, should a conference on the bill be necessary, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. I would ask that a copy of this letter and your response acknowledging our jurisdictional interest as well as the mutually agreed upon changes to be incorporated into the bill be included in the Congressional Record during consideration of the measure on the House floor, to memorialize our understanding. I look forward to working with the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology as the bill moves through the legislative process. Sincerely, BILLSHUSTER , Chairman. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND TECHNOLOGY , Washington, DC, December 18, 2017. Hon. BILLSHUSTER , Chairman, Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : Thank you for your letter regarding the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure’s jurisdictional interest in H.R. 4661, the ‘‘United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017,’’ and your willingness to forego consideration of H.R. 4661 by your committee. I agree that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has a valid jurisdictional interest in certain provisions of H.R. 4661 and that the Committee’s jurisdiction will not be adversely affected by your decision to not request a sequential referral of H.R. 4661. As you have requested, I will support your request for an appropriate appointment of outside conferees from your Committee in the event of a HouseSenate conference on this or similar legislation should such a conference be convened. Thank you again for your cooperation. Sincerely, LAMAR SMITH, Chairman. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017. I hope we can all agree on the urgency of reauthorizing this program before the sunset in current law would terminate this program in January. We heard from the local, State, and Federal experts at our hearing in July just how essential these programs are to ensuring both firefighter and community safety in all of our districts across the Nation. This bill authorizes funding at the 2017 levels for the U.S. Fire Administration, Assistance to Firefighters Grants, Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response Grants. b1730 It also directs establishment of a grant monitoring and oversight framework. It makes important technical fixes to current law. It ensures lesser resourced fire departments have the tools to successfully apply for grants. These are critical programs to ensure the safety and security of all Americans, and they must be reauthorized. Unfortunately, I must also express my disappointment and frustration with the majority’s insistence on including a new sunset clause in this bill. The sunset currently in law is putting these programs at risk as we speak. Congress shouldn’t need sunsets to do a job properly. In this case, arbitrary program sunsets puts lives at risk. Every single firefighting organization wants this sunset out. On a bipartisan basis, the Senate has voted to remove this sunset, yet here we are today running up a program termination that nobody wants, and senselessly adding a future program termination date that nobody wants. Legislating by selfcreated emergency is bad for Congress and bad for our country. Here we are in December desperately trying to avoid terminating assistance to firefighters. At the same time, we are desperately trying to keep the Federal Government from shutting down and we are desperately trying to provide disaster assistance to Americans who are suffering. Of course, we have already missed the deadline on CHIP, and now 9 million children all across our country are in danger of losing health coverage. This is no way to run a country. So we will vote on this bill today and, in 7 years, probably be right back in the same boat we are today. We can and should do better than this. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4661, the United States Fire Administration, AFG, and SAFER Program Reauthorization Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, 2017 has been the most devastating year in California wildfire history. Thousands of California residents were displaced, over 1 million 
acres burned, and thousands of homes and businesses were destroyed by this year’s fires. Now, more than ever, it is critical that California’s fire departments are fully staffed. SAFER grants provide resources for fire departments that struggle to meet their staffing needs, including Orange County Fire Authority in my district. SAFER grants will undoubtedly help fire departments across the country meet the needs of their communities, while ensuring firefighters are ready and able to assist with wildfire suppression efforts. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, I would like to take a moment to offer my sincerest condolences to CAL FIRE and the family of Cory Iverson, who tragically lost his life this past week battling the Thomas fire. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no requests for time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I strongly support the reauthorization of the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program, the Fire Prevention and Safety Grant Program, and the SAFER grant program. These programs are vital to protect the public and the Nation’s firefighters. Recent trends have shown that fire safety and prevention remains a serious national concern. Data from the U.S. Fire Administration shows that, while there are fewer fires and firerelated deaths overall, fires are becoming more severe and costly in both lives lost and property damage per fire. The besttrained, bestequipped firefighters cannot always overcome the dangers associated with today’s severe fires. This alarming trend jeopardizes the economic health of our communities and our national goal of increased resilience to fire. Adequate funding for the brave men and women who fight fires is essential, but we must also be effective in reducing these trends by preventing the fire’s ignition and growth, in the first place, through robust fire prevention. I will work with the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to request that the U.S. First Administration and FEMA investigate the upward trend in fatalities and property damage per fire. Mr. Speaker, I thank both Chairman SMITH and subcommittee Chairwoman COMSTOCK for their leadership and hard work on the reauthorization bill, and I hope to work with them to address these issues moving forward. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to note that the International Association of Fire Chiefs has endorsed this bill. I appreciate, again, the bicameral, bipartisan support we were able to bring together for the sixth year reauthorization—actually, the seventh year, also, for extra room there. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the United States Fire Administration, the Assistance to Firefighters Grant (AFG) program, the Staffing for Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Grant program, and the Fire Prevention and Safety programs. As an original author of these critical grant programs, I understand their importance to the firefighting community. It is often local firefighters who are the first on the scene before help from elsewhere can arrive. Our first responders provide immediate assistance to those in need; and these grants enable local firefighters across our nation to receive the training and equipment necessary to fulfill this important mission. The proper training and equipment provided to local firefighters by the AFG and SAFER grant programs and Fire Prevention and Safety programs can often mean the difference between life and death. It is unfortunate, Mr. Speaker, that it took so long for the House to act on reauthorizing these important federal grants. We have had nearly an entire year for the Majority to introduce a bill, have it considered in committee, and see action on the House floor. Or simply, we could have just considered S. 829, which passed the Senate by unanimous consent on August 2, 2017. I even introduced H.R. 3881, a House version of the Senatepassed legislation and coled a letter with 153 members of this House to show support for reauthorizing these grant programs. However, no action was taken to reauthorize these critical grant programs until today. The bill before us today makes meaningful and technical changes to the administration of these grant programs. One important change this bill makes, that I know is significant to my home state of New Jersey and fire departments across the nation, is permitting the use of these grants to permit the use of grants to change the status of parttime or paidoncall firefighters to fulltime firefighters. However, unlike the Senate bill, the bill before us today continues to have a dreadful sunset clause. Typically, the Congress sunsets programs to ensure there is an opportunity to review the importance of a program’s continuation and that there is no waste, fraud, or abuse. Since the establishment of these fire programs, there have been no major issues with waste, fraud, or abuse—and we certainly cannot dispute the major benefits these programs provide. So it is a wonder why some are insisting on sunsetting these critical grant programs in this bill. This sunset causes needless anxiety, which many have been feeling this year as the House is only now reauthorizing these programs just two weeks before they’re set to expire. This is a situation where states and localities and tens of thousands of fire departments across our nation are left wondering about the future of critical funding they rely on to keep their communities safe. This sunset is unnecessary and we should eliminate it. It is not an understatement to say that the funding provided by these programs has saved countless lives. The federal resources these grants have provided fire departments with the equipment, training and staffing needed to swiftly respond to over 30 million calls annually. These programs also have improved firefighters’ response capabilities and prevented numerous fires through safety programs targeted toward highrisk populations. Finally, I would like to thank my colleagues Congressman PETER KING, STENY HOYER and DAVE REICHERT as cochairs of the Congressional Fire Services Caucus and for their tireless work on behalf of our nation’s fire service. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to encourage my colleagues in this Chamber to support the reauthorization of these critical grant programs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4661. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STEM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION EFFECTIVENESS AND TRANSPARENCY ACT Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4375) to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4375 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit a report to Congress on the effectiveness of all National Science Foundation research and education programs for broadening the participation of women and other historically underrepresented individuals in STEM studies and careers, including— (1) development or identification of performance metrics to evaluate such programs; (2) information on student outcomes using all available data, including dropout rates, enrollment in graduate programs, internships or apprenticeships, and employment; (3) identification of any data gaps for evaluating the effectiveness and outcomes of National Science Foundation programs to broaden participation; and (4) recommendations for maintaining, translating, and disseminating outcomes data for STEM programs funded by the National Science Foundation. (b) DEFINITION OF STEM.—In this section, the term ‘‘STEM’’ has the meaning given the 
term in section 2 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). 
SEC. 3. COLLECTION AND REPORTING OF DATA ON FEDERAL RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) C OLLECTION OF DATA.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each Federal science agency shall collect standardized record level annual information on demographics, primary field, award type, review rating, budget request, funding outcome, and awarded budget for all applications for meritreviewed research and development grants to institutions of higher education and Federal laboratories supported by that agency. (2) UNIFORMITY AND STANDARDIZATION .—The Director shall establish a policy to ensure uniformity and standardization of the data collection required under paragraph (1). (3) RECORD LEVEL DATA .— (A) REQUIREMENT .—On an annual basis, beginning with the deadline under subparagraph (C), each Federal science agency shall submit to the Director of the National Science Foundation recordlevel data collected under paragraph (1) in the form required by such Director. (B) PREVIOUS DATA .—As part of the first submission under subparagraph (A), each Federal science agency, to the extent practicable, shall submit comparable recordlevel data for the 5 years preceding the deadline under subparagraph (C). (C) DEADLINE .—The deadline under this paragraph is not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) REPORTING OF DATA.—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall publish statistical summary data collected under this section, disaggregated and cross tabulated demographically and by years since completion of doctoral degree, including in conjunction with the National Science Foundation’s report required by section 37 of the Science and Technology Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885d; Public Law 96– 516). (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. (2) FEDERAL LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘Federal laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3703). (3) FEDERAL SCIENCE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘Federal science agency’’ means any Federal agency with at least $100,000,000 in research and development expenditures in fiscal year 2017. (4) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Virginia. 
Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4375, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4375, the STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act, contains two provisions aimed at providing better information on how to make taxpayerfunded investments in STEM and research and development more effective, transparent, and fair. First, the bill requires the National Science Foundation, for the first time, to report and make recommendations to Congress regarding the effectiveness of its research and education programs aimed at broadening the participation of women and historically underrepresented individuals in STEM. This report will give Congress, the National Science Foundation, and other stakeholders objective information about what kinds of interventions and assistance are efficient, scalable, and effective. In order to have a vibrant economy that provides opportunity and prosperity for all, we must be the leader in STEM fields. To do that, we need to develop the talent of all Americans. This report will help us focus resources on what works. According to the Society of Women Engineers, which partnered with the Center for WorkLife Law at the University of California’s Hastings College of Law, women represent only about 15 percent of the engineering workforce. This is an important issue because studies have found that companies with higher female representation tend to achieve more and have higher profits. According to Catalyst research of Fortune 500 companies, firms with the most female representation showed a 35 percent higher return on equity and 34 percent higher return to shareholders. Second, the bill requires all Federal science agencies to collect standardized information, including demographics, for each application received for research and development grants. Agencies are to submit the information annually to the National Science Foundation, which is directed to publish an annual statistical summary. This information will provide better transparency to how taxpayer dollars are spent on research and scientists, who are involved in that research, across the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Ms. JOHNSON , for joining me in sponsoring this bill, which, as I mentioned, also applies to really getting a much more diverse workforce, and understanding that our diverse workforce is a strength; and by only embracing that strength, are we going to be able to have and lead in STEM throughout the world. So I appreciate Ms. JOHNSON ’s longtime commitment to ensuring STEM reaches into all communities and provides opportunities for all. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4375, the STEM Research and Education Effectiveness and Transparency Act. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this bill, and I thank the Research and Technology Subcommittee chairwoman, Mrs. COMSTOCK , for introducing it. Research shows that the underrepresentation of women and minorities in STEM fields is not due to a lack of interest or motivation. There are real institutional and cultural barriers preventing talented individuals from realizing their dreams of working in STEM careers. We must better understand these barriers so that we may develop and support the most effective policies and programs. H.R. 4375 directs the NSF to report on the effectiveness of current portfolio of broadening participation programs. This bill also includes one provision from my STEM Opportunities Act that requires all Federal science agencies to collect and report annually on data for all research grant applications and awards. This would enable researchers to conduct a crossagency assessment of the participation and success of Federal grant applicants across demographic groups. With information about the participation and success of women and minorities throughout the process of applying for Federal research funding, including such details as the award size, we can identify and root out any inequities that reflect implicit bias in the process. This bill is a small, but important, step in the right direction toward ensuring equitable access to STEM education and careers. I want to take a moment to advocate for this House considering my STEM Opportunities Act, H.R. 2653, in its entirety. That would allow us to continue the steps we are taking today to broaden participation in STEM in our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. JOHNSON for her work on this legislation in moving this forward. I know as I go around my district and I see young people, and I see the engagement of a very diverse population in STEM, this is really going to be the future of our workforce. It is exciting to be able to know that we will be able to have a small role in that today, to make sure that we are reaching everybody, because we cannot leave anybody behind with our need for more STEM resources, and to be able to make sure that we have that workforce of the 21st century. I know in Virginia alone, we have 34,000 or so cyber jobs that we are still looking for people 
for. So this will help with that pipeline. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4375, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1745 WOMEN IN AEROSPACE EDUCATION ACT Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4254) to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4254 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women in Aerospace Education Act’’. 
SEC. 2. ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM FELLOWSHIP OPPORTUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–368; 42 U.S.C. 1862n et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 10(a)(3)(A)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, including research experiences at national laboratories and NASA centers’’ before the semicolon; and (2) in section 10A(c)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) providing internship opportunities for fellows, including research experiences at national laboratories and NASA Centers.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to grants awarded on or after October 1, 2018. 
Not later than October 1, 2018, the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (in this section referred to as ‘‘NASA’’) shall institute a process to prioritize the recruitment of qualified candidates who are women or individuals who are historically underrepresented in the fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and computer science for internships and fellowships at NASA with relevance to the aerospace sector and related fields. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 4254, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am taking this opportunity to speak on an important initiative to strengthen our aerospace workforce. H.R. 4254, the Women in Aerospace Education Act, directs the National Science Foundation through the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and NASA, to shape their fellowship and internship opportunities to encourage more women to get aerospace expertise while they are training to be teachers. Female aerospace professionals must be placed in the classroom in greater numbers. A full fifth of U.S. aerospace engineers are of retirement age today. They are beginning to exit our workforce, which will create an enormous shortfall in our national security preparedness. Meanwhile, women represent only onequarter of all STEM workers and represent only about 15 percent of all aerospace engineers. We need to improve our STEM education pipeline— from ensuring STEM classes are available to students at a young age to encouraging young Americans to pursue STEM education all the way through to completing their degree. But the gender gap that is so prevalent in this industry will persist until we make STEM and aerospace more inclusive of women and encourage women at a young age to pursue these fields. Attitudes about career paths are formed at a very young age. The role models and leaders from which young women learn have an enormous impact on the decisions they make throughout their formal education as they enter the workforce. I introduced the Women in Aerospace Education Act to make better use of some of the Federal Government’s best teacher training programs to increase the number of women teachers who have seen, worked on, and can relate to the Nation’s leading aerospace programs to young female students. Robert Noyce scholars, who get teacher certification assistance from the National Science Foundation, are already, in small numbers, getting experience in NASA centers and the national labs. Once they become certified and go teach in the K–12 system, they draw upon the work they did on major public initiatives in science and technology. Schools love having Noyce program teachers because their strong positive attitudes about STEM are cultivated in the students. It will strengthen our STEM pipeline to enhance the connection between the Noyce scholarship program and our schools. The second provision of this bill directs NASA to more actively promote its internship and fellowship opportunities to women or members of other historically underrepresented groups. Together, the two provisions of this bill will help a necessary and fundamental shift in our education system in aerospace workforce. I would like to thank Ms. ESTYfor her help on this bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 4254, the Women in Aerospace Education Act. I want to thank Mr. KNIGHT and Ms. ESTYfor introducing this bill. Women continue to be woefully underrepresented in the aerospace sector. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, women made up only 8 percent of aerospace engineers last year. While we are inspired by the career of NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson, who holds the U.S. record for days in space, we must do more to ensure that successes like hers are the rule and not the exception. H.R. 4254 will help address the underrepresentation of women at all levels in aerospace education and in the workforce by privatizing the recruitment of qualified women to apply for NASA internships and fellowships. Some of these women will go on to be STEM teachers, and others will have research or industry careers. They will all benefit from participating in the NASA programs, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Women in Aerospace Education Act. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Congressman KNIGHT , for working with me to address critical workforce needs and bridge the gender gap in the aerospace industry. Mr. Speaker, quite simply, we do not have enough skilled aerospace workers in America, and the problem is growing worse. According to a 2015 Aviation Week Workforce Study, nearly one fifth—onefifth—of our aerospace engineers are now eligible for retirement. What is more, women only account for 
about 15 percent of all aerospace engineers. That means that women represent a tremendous opportunity, an untapped resource for a sector vital to our economy and to our national security. Bringing women to the table is not only the right thing to do, it is the smart and necessary thing to do in order to keep America competitive in a 21st century economy. Women provide new and essential perspective in the workplace, driving innovation and strengthening our ability to address new challenges. With an aging workforce, we must do everything in our power to broaden and deepen the pool of skilled workers and provide all Americans with the skills they need to compete in a global economy. Aerospace companies in northwest and central Connecticut, like Ensign Bickford, Praxair, and United Technologies Corporation, have shared with me for years their concerns about this aging workforce. That is because they are looking down the line, and they know that if they don’t diversify their workforce soon, shortages of skilled workers could force these companies to relocate or even leave the United States. Our bill, the Women in Aerospace Education Act, addresses the need to expand and diversify the STEM workforce in two ways. First, our bill supports handson experiences for teachers. The Women in Aerospace Education Act does this by encouraging universities applying for Noyce grants to incorporate aerospace working and learning experiences at the national laboratories and NASA centers into their fellowship programs. Second, our bill specifically targets diversifying the aerospace workforce by allowing the National Science Foundation to prioritize women and other underrepresented groups working in aerospace engineering when awarding the Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship grants. Noyce teacher grants play a vital role in placing STEM teachers in rural or lowerincome school districts, which all too often do not have access to the resources, to give students robust handson science. Our bill will help ensure that more female STEM teachers will enter classrooms with firsthand knowledge of how aerospace technologies are strengthening America’s future. This is important. This is important because it is a fact that girls who have women science teachers are more likely to consider a career in the sciences, and teachers who are exposed to hands on, reallife science are better able to kindle that interest in science among their students. Let me give you an example of what a difference these efforts will make. Kelley Johnson is a member of my STEM Advisory Board. She is a founder and president of Doors to Explore, Incorporated, a startup in my district that provides an online resource for young people to explore STEM careers. Growing up, Kelley had no idea what aerospace engineering was; that is, until a local company donated a Wang computer to her high school, which allowed her to take her first computer science classes. Kelley went on to work at NASA where she designed electronics for two satellites. Her time at NASA was instrumental in developing her critical thinking skills and provided her with an even stronger foundation in STEM that she has used in every job since. Kelley’s early exposure to computer science and her work at NASA launched her into a successful career in STEM, and she is now sharing that with a new generation of students. I am committed to making Kelley’s experience available to young women and men all across this country who would thrive from mentorship from female science teachers or work experience at NASA or the national labs. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman KNIGHT for his leadership on this bill and on this important issue. I urge my colleagues to support the Women in Aerospace Education Act. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I think Members can hear that we have got passion here, and Ms. JOHNSON , Ms. ESTY, and I believe that talk is cheap, and this is actually going to do something. If we are going to talk about STEM continually, and we are going to try and push this maybe into an arena that hasn’t been pushed before, then let’s do something. That is exactly what this is doing. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4254, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
UNITED STATES AND ISRAEL SPACE COOPERATION ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1159) to provide for continuing cooperation between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Israel Space Agency, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 1159 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act’’. 
The Congress finds that— (1) authorized in 1958, the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) supports and coordinates United States Government research in aeronautics, human exploration and operations, science, and space technology; (2) established in 1983, the Israel Space Agency (ISA) supports the growth of Israel’s space industry by supporting academic research, technological innovation, and educational activities; (3) the mutual interest of the United States and Israel in space exploration affords both nations an opportunity to leverage their unique abilities to advance scientific discovery; (4) in 1996, NASA and the ISA entered into their first agreement outlining areas of mutual cooperation, which remained in force until 2005; (5) since 1996, NASA and the ISA have successfully cooperated on many space programs supporting the Global Positioning System and research related to the sun, earth science, and the environment; (6) the bond between NASA and the ISA was permanently forged on February 1, 2003, with the loss of the crew of STS–107 including Israeli Astronaut Ilan Ramon; (7) the United StatesIsrael Strategic Partnership Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–296) designated Israel as a Major Strategic Partner of the United States; and (8) on October 13, 2015, the United States and Israel signed the Framework Agreement between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration of the United States of America and the Israel Space Agency for Cooperation in Aeronautics and the Exploration and Use of Airspace and Outer Space for Peaceful Purposes. 
The Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration shall continue to work with the Israel Space Agency to identify and cooperatively pursue peaceful space exploration and science initiatives in areas of mutual interest, taking all appropriate measures to protect sensitive information, intellectual property, trade secrets, and economic interests of the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 1159, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act deserves 
our support. The peaceful use of outer space and cooperation with our friends and allies lie at the very heart of NASA’s mission. The United States has been a partner and a friend to the Israeli space program since its creation three decades ago. Our voyages have brought us closer together as nations, as partners, and as friends. Our shared quests for peace, knowledge, and friendship echo our experiences together on Earth. But sadness and sorrow have tested that relationship. Israel’s first astronaut, Ilan Ramon, flew to space for the first time on the illfated Space Shuttle Columbia. Even though that accident tragically ended the life of Ilan and six U.S. crew members, the U.S. and Israel turned that tragedy into hope, working together even more closely. In 2015, the U.S. and Israel again renewed their partnership with another 10year commitment to peaceful cooperation in space. That mutual commitment to the peaceful exploration of outer space has grown even stronger with the passage of this act under consideration today. Peaceful space exploration offers all humanity a common, noble goal, extending our collective reach further into the heavens. Reaching farther and broadening our understanding of the universe is one of the most important and honorable challenges that we can face together. I believe that working together with our allies and partners on the peaceful exploration of space is an essential part of what makes NASA a vital national asset. This bill strengthens NASA’s ability to do this important work. I am also pleased that the bill includes a recognition that sensitive and proprietary information should be protected. b1800 Mr. Speaker, I invite all of my colleagues to join me in support of the United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 1159, the United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act. The cooperation between the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, NASA, and the Israel Space Agency is just one example of peaceful international cooperation that has been a hallmark of NASA’s approach since its inception in 1958. In fact, when Congress passed NASA’s founding legislation, the Space Act of 1958, one of the primary objectives established for the agency was: ‘‘7, Cooperation by the United States with other nations and groups of nations in work done pursuant to this act and in the peaceful application of the results thereof.’’ NASA has followed this objective over the years in a variety of ways. Since its establishment in 1958, NASA has entered into over 5,000 original agreements with international entities, and currently NASA has over 800 active cooperative agreements across a range of disciplines with over 120 countries and international organizations. These international partnerships have led to a range of benefits in scientific advancement, access to scientific data, partnering in exploration, and sharing the costs and risks of space missions. NASA has had a long and fruitful relationship with the country of Israel, and that cooperative relationship continues to this day. Current activities with Israel include the involvement of almost 200 Israeli schools in the Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment, GLOBE, educational project; collaboration on atmospheric and climate research; and numerical cloud modeling, among other activities. I think it is also fitting to remember that the crew of the illfated Space Shuttle Columbia mission, STS–107, included an Israeli astronaut, Ilan Ramon, who, along with the entire STS–107 crew, tragically perished with the loss of the space shuttle orbiter on February 1, 2003. Israel has shared in the great achievements of NASA as well as great losses that have paved the way for future space explorers. Their sacrifice will be held in our hearts as we work to further space exploration for the benefit of mankind. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the sponsor of this legislation, Mr. KILMER , for introducing the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). Mr. KILMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill, but before I do, I want to just briefly acknowledge the members of my community who were affected by a tragic Amtrak derailment in Pierce County, Washington, today. The families of those we lost and all the folks affected by this are in my prayers tonight. Mr. Speaker, on May 25, 1961, President John F. Kennedy came before this body and gave an urgent special address. He laid out the costs of supporting the space program and of going to the Moon, and he said: ‘‘We choose to go into space because whatever mankind must undertake, free men must fully share.’’ Today, Mr. Speaker, that journey continues as we take a vote to formalize sharing a space partnership between our Nation and a close ally and friend, the nation of Israel. This partnership began in 1985 when NASA and the Israel Space Agency began cooperating on a limited basis. A decade later, our Nation signed an agreement to allow Israeli astronauts to begin training with their American counterparts. In 2003, Israeli Air Force Colonel Ilan Ramon became the first Israeli astronaut. He traveled to space aboard the Space Shuttle Columbia. It was a 16 day mission, and the crew of six Americans and one Israeli conducted 80 experiments that helped us understand our place in the universe just a little bit better. Tragically, the celebration of this partnership turned to shared mourning as Columbia was lost on reentry, but the tragedy did not stop our shared journey into space. To this day, we continue to cooperate, including on projects everyone benefits from, including the Global Positioning System, and research that helps us better understand the Sun, and even research related to our environment here on Earth. In 2015, NASA and the Israel Space Agency signed a civil space framework agreement to formalize and expand cooperation in civil space activities. Mr. Speaker, today’s vote continues a deep and lasting partnership among free societies. I have been proud to work with a number of my colleagues and NASA and everyday Americans who know that all mankind benefits when we explore our universe. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for his leadership on these issues and the ranking member, who has been such a champion in support of smart policies in the arena of science, space, and technology. I also would like to thank the majority and minority staff from the committee for the work that they do. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1159, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
SUPPORTING VETERANS IN STEM CAREERS ACT Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4323) to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer 
science, and scientific research, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4323 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the National Science Foundation. (2) FOUNDATION .—The term ‘‘Foundation’’ means the National Science Foundation. (3) STEM.—The term ‘‘STEM’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010 (42 U.S.C. 6621 note). (4) VETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. SUPPORTING VETERANS IN STEM EDUCATION AND COMPUTER SCIENCE. 
(a) S UPPORTING VETERAN INVOLVEMENT IN  SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH AND STEM E DUCATION .—The Director shall, through the research and education activities of the Foundation, encourage veterans to study and pursue careers in STEM and computer science, in coordination with other Federal agencies that serve veterans. (b) VETERAN OUTREACH PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a plan for how the Foundation can enhance its outreach efforts to veterans. Such plan shall— (1) report on the Foundation’s existing outreach activities; (2) identify the best method for the Foundation to leverage existing authorities and programs to facilitate and support veterans in STEM careers and studies, including teaching programs; and (3) identify a method for the Foundation to track veteran participation in research and education programs of the Foundation, and describe any barriers to collecting such information. (c) NATIONAL SCIENCE BOARD INDICATORS  REPORT .—The National Science Board shall provide in its annual report on indicators of the state of science and engineering in the United States any available and relevant data on veterans in science and engineering careers or education programs. (d) ROBERT NOYCE TEACHER SCHOLARSHIP  PROGRAM UPDATE .—Section 10 of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) higher education programs that serve or support veterans.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(F)— (A) by striking ‘‘and students’’ and inserting ‘‘, students’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and veterans’’ before the period at the end; (3) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘and veterans’’ before the period at the end; and (4) in subsection (d)(2), by inserting ‘‘and veterans’’ before the period at the end. (e) NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION TEACH INGFELLOWSHIPS AND MASTER TEACHING FELLOWSHIPS UPDATE .—Section 10A(d) of the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n–1a(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(F)— (A) by striking ‘‘and individuals’’ and inserting ‘‘, individuals’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and veterans’’ before the period at the end; and (2) in paragraph (4)(B), by inserting ‘‘and veterans’’ before the period at the end. (f) NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION COMPUTER AND NETWORK SECURITY CAPACITY  BUILDING GRANTS UPDATE .—Section 5(a) of the Cyber Security Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7404(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and students who are veterans’’ after ‘‘these fields’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (J) as subparagraph (K); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (I) the following: ‘‘(J) creating opportunities for veterans to transition to careers in computer and network security; and’’. (g) GRADUATE TRAINEESHIPS IN COMPUTER  
ANDNETWORK SECURITY RESEARCH UPDATE .— Section 5(c)(6)(C) of the Cyber Security Research and Development Act (15 U.S.C. 7404(c)(6)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or veterans’’ after ‘‘disciplines’’. (h) VETERANS AND MILITARY FAMILIES  STEM EDUCATION INTERAGENCY SUBCOMMITTEE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall establish a subcommittee under the Committee on STEM Education of the National Science and Technology Council (established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010) to coordinate Federal programs and policies for transitioning and training veterans and military spouses for STEM careers. (2) DUTIES OF SUBCOMMITTEE .—The sub committee established under paragraph (1) shall— (A) coordinate Federal agency STEM outreach activities and programs for veterans and military spouses; and (B) develop and facilitate the implementation by participating agencies of a strategic plan, which shall— (i) specify and prioritize short and long term objectives; (ii) specify the common metrics that will be used by Federal agencies to assess progress toward achieving such objectives; (iii) identify barriers veterans face in reentering the workforce, including a lack of formal STEM education, career guidance, and the process of transferring military credits and skills to college credits; (iv) identify barriers military spouses face in establishing careers in STEM fields; (v) describe the approaches that each participating agency will take to address administratively the barriers described in clauses (iii) and (iv); and (vi) identify any barriers that require Federal or State legislative or regulatory changes in order to be addressed. (3) DUTIES OF OSTP .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall encourage and monitor the efforts of the Federal agencies participating in the subcommittee to ensure that the strategic plan required under paragraph (2)(B) is developed and executed effectively and that the objectives of such strategic plan are met. (4) REPORT .—The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall— (A) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, submit to Congress the strategic plan required under paragraph (2)(B); and (B) include in the annual report required by section 101(d) of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act a description of any progress made in carrying out the activities described in paragraph (2)(B) of this subsection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4323, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4323, the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act, is about helping expand veterans’ job and education opportunities in the sciences. The bill requires the National Science Foundation to develop a veterans outreach plan and to publish data on veterans’ participation in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields in its annual Indicators report. The bill also updates the Noyce Teacher Scholarship program, its fellowship programs, and cyber grant programs to include outreach to veterans. Additionally, the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy is tasked with overseeing an interagency working group to examine how to increase veteran participation in STEM career fields, including addressing any barriers for servicemembers and their spouses. In the next 5 years, between 1 and 1.5 million members of the United States Armed Forces will be leaving the military, according to the Department of Defense. Many of these veterans will be seeking new careers. By a great margin, veterans cite finding employment as their number one need when returning home. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, occupations in the STEM fields are projected to grow to more than 9 million between 2012 and 2022, an increase of 1 million jobs. Research shows that many military veterans already have skills and training that align with STEM careers, particularly in information technology. However, research has also shown that veterans face many barriers as they reenter the workforce, including a lack of formal STEM education, career guidance, and the difficult task of transferring military credits to civilian credits. Our Nation’s veterans deserve every opportunity to transition to a healthy 
and successful civilian life. This bill will help our servicemembers to continue to serve our Nation in many new ways by filling 21st century jobs and keeping America on the cutting edge of innovation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, Mr. TAKANO , the ranking vice chair of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a fellow member on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, for cosponsoring this bipartisan legislation. I also salute all of my fellow veterans on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who joined me in introducing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4323, the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act, and I thank Mr. DUNNand Mr. TAKANO for introducing this good legislation. The demand for a workforce equipped with STEM skills is growing. At the same time, many veterans developed valuable technical skills during their service. We must do more to take advantage of those skills and increase veteran participation in STEM careers if we are to meet the workforce demands. This summer, I was pleased to see the passage of the Forever GI Bill, which extended GI benefits for veterans enrolled in STEM degree programs. Now that STEM degrees are more accessible for veterans, we must do more to support veterans during their transition into STEM degree programs and careers. H.R. 4323 directs the National Science Foundation to report data on veterans in STEM studies and careers and develop a plan to increase outreach to veterans. This bill also creates an interagency committee that will examine how Federal programs and policies can best be leveraged to equip veterans with the skills they need to transition into STEM careers. H.R. 4323 is a good step toward strengthening our STEM workforce and creating opportunities for an eminently deserving sector of our citizenry. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member, for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 4323, the Supporting Veterans in STEM Careers Act. I led this bill with the gentleman from Florida because finding ways to improve higher education for veterans is essential to our economy and critical to keeping our promise to those who serve. This legislation advances the great work being done by the National Science Foundation by requiring NSF to develop a plan to help more veterans enter science, technology, engineering, and math fields. In addition, it requires NSF to report available data on veterans participating in STEM fields. NSF will also be required to recruit veterans for existing NSF programs, including the Noyse Teacher Scholarship program, and for cybersecurity specific education and training programs. Finally, this bill creates an interagency committee to help veterans and their spouses transition to STEM careers, including reporting on their progress. All of us understand the challenges veterans face when trying to further their education, but we have also seen what happens when former servicemembers are empowered to success as civilians. After World War II, soldiers returned home to a GI Bill that sparked an era of innovation and economic growth. By helping veterans enter STEM education and research programs, this bill will help build a workforce that is prepared to succeed in the modern economy. At the same time, it will drive some of our best and brightest into fields where they can make new discoveries and create new technologies that will redefine the world for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to work with my Republican colleague, Mr. DUNN, and I encourage all Members to support this legislation. b1815 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge support of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4323, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY OF THE UNITED STATES—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Armed Services: To the Congress of the United States: Consistent with section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended (50 U.S.C. 3043), I have enclosed the National Security Strategy of the United States. This National Security Strategy sets forth my guidance and direction for an America First foreign policy and charts a path to achieving the goals and objectives that will make America great again. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , December 18, 2017. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a period of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 16 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 4 of rule XVI, I move that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow for morninghour debate and 10 a.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to fix the convening time will be followed by 5 minute votes on motions to suspend the rules on: H.R. 4375, by the yeas and nays; and H.R. 3979, by the yeas and nays. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 216, nays 169, not voting 46, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—46 
Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Capuano Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Collins (NY) Crawford DeSantis Deutch Duffy Duncan (SC) Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) Hudson Katko Kelly (MS) Kennedy Labrador Larson (CT) Lawrence Loudermilk McCollum Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Pocan Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rosen Rush Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sinema Smith (TX) Speier Tiberi Wagner Walz Webster (FL) 
b1858 Messrs. TAKANO, BRADY of Pennsylvania, PETERS, COSTA, Ms. KAPTUR, Mr. AGUILAR, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. RASKIN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. WALDEN, CALVERT, and CARTER of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to fix convening time was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
STEM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION EFFECTIVENESS AND TRANSPARENCY ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4375) to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 376, nays 9, not voting 46, as follows: [Roll No. 686] YEAS—376 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Nadler Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Duncan (TN) Gaetz Gohmert Gosar Grothman Harris Massie 
Boyle, Brendan F. Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Capuano Carter (TX) Clarke (NY) Collins (NY) Crawford DeSantis Deutch Duffy Duncan (SC) Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Gutie´rrez Higgins (LA) Hudson Katko Kelly (MS) Kennedy Labrador Larson (CT) Lawrence Loudermilk McCollum Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pascrell Pocan Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rosen Rush Sa´nchez Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sinema Smith (TX) Speier Tiberi Wagner Walz Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Colonel Joseph Toppin of Edison, New Jersey, on the occasion of his 100th birthday. Colonel Toppin entered the military in 1948, the same year that a wavering President named Harry Truman finally prohibited racial discrimination in the Armed Forces. Colonel Toppin rose to become the first African American to serve as battalion commander for the Army’s 40th Infantry Division. The colonel has dedicated his life to improving the quality of our democracy and making the world a safer place. He helped with postwar planning for the development of Korea. He also was the principal planner for the Army’s shiptoshore discharge operations along the west coast of France. And Colonel Toppin was the inspector general for Fort Dix in New Jersey. Upon leaving the Army, he had an illustrious career at Bethlehem Steel Corporation. Colonel Toppin is now retired, but he has still not stopped inspiring those around him, which is why I stand here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Colonel Toppin on his 100th birthday and for his service to the United States of America. DISAPPEARANCE OF RHINOS AND ELEPHANTS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, wildlife trafficking is a much larger problem than many realize. This illegal activity is connected to two major concerns: one, extinction of species; and, two, the funding of terrorist organizations. Rhinos are killed for their horns, and elephants are killed for their tusks. The handful of rhinos in Africa are almost extinct, and 100 African elephants are killed by ivory poachers a day. Illegal wildlife trade serves as a source of cash flow for thugs like terrorists and international criminal organizations. They fund many of their deadly activities by poaching animals and then selling the parts internationally. Adding to the problem is the fact that some foreign authorities are corrupt and complicit in trafficking. All nations must take an aggressive stand to prevent this trafficking. This starts with the stopping of the illegal transport of ivory and rhino horns. The nations of the world must tighten the screws against those who participate in this destruction of wildlife; otherwise, the only place our kids will see rhinos and elephants is on the Disney Channel. And that is just the way it is. f 
AMTRAK CASCADES ACCIDENT (Mr. HECK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HECK. Mr. Speaker, no Member of this body ever wants to come to this dais and say what I am about to say. This morning, a train derailed as it crossed Interstate 5 near DuPont, Washington, in the heart of my district, sending railcars to the roadway below. Lives were lost and families were shattered. Loved ones are severely injured, including a family member of one of my staffers. All this, of course, right in the middle of the holiday season. Right now, many questions beg for answers. We need to determine what went wrong, and the NTSB will be investigating. But, for now, I am grateful for our first responders and the community for stepping up. So many set aside their grief and reported for duty, including many first responders who came in on their day off. Our hearts go out to the families impacted by this horrific tragedy, and we ask for everyone’s prayers for the victims to continue to recover. 
IMPROVE QUALITY OF LIFE FOR ENDSTAGE RENAL DISEASE PATIENTS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a cosponsor and supporter of the bipartisan Dialysis PATIENTS Demonstration Act, which provides better care for patients who are suffering from endstage renal disease, also known as kidney failure. Currently, there are about 9,000 Minnesotans who suffer from endstage renal disease. Many of these patients spend hours and hours enduring multiple hospital visits each and every week to treat this disease; and, on top of that, they oftentimes also have to travel to a different location to get treatment for other health conditions they may have as well. This legislation will allow dialysis centers to provide integrated care for patients by bringing in providers so that people can receive comprehensive treatments all in the same place. These patients will also be able to see additional benefits, like transportation services, dental care, and vision care. Mr. Speaker, let’s pass this bill so we can improve the quality of life for this vulnerable patient population by coordinating the care system and making it easier for them to receive their treatments. f 
REPUBLICAN TAX PLAN (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow, the Members of the House will cast a vote on the tax conference committee report, the final version of the Republican tax plan. The Republican leadership rushed this bill to the finish line at the expense of smallbusiness owners and working families. I strongly urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ As a former smallbusiness owner, I understand firsthand the importance of tax simplification. Unfortunately, this bill does the opposite: it complicates our Tax Code while giving companies fewer than 2 weeks to adjust before it goes into effect. This creates serious uncertainty for smallbusiness owners who create jobs and invest in our communities. I support reforming our Tax Code, but I ask my colleagues to stop rushing this process and to put working families first. There is simply too much at stake. We can simplify our tax system without exploding the national debt and spiking healthcare premiums. For the sake of our economy and our future, we need to kill this bill. 
NATIONAL PARK FOUNDATION’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today marks 50 years since President Lyndon B. Johnson signed a bill into law officially establishing the National Park Foundation. The National Park Foundation works to enrich America’s national parks and programs, safeguard our heritage, and engage the next generation of national park enthusiasts. Celebrating 50 years, the National Park Foundation is the official charity of America’s national parks and nonprofit partner to the National Park Service. Chartered by Congress in 1967, the National Park Foundation raises private funds to help protect more than 84 million acres of national parks through critical conservation and preservation efforts. It works to connect all Americans with their incomparable natural landscapes, vibrant culture, and rich history. And, the National Park Foundation helps to engage the next generation of park stewards. In 2016, we proudly commemorated the National Park Service’s 100th anniversary. The National Park Foundation launched the Centennial Campaign for America’s national parks, a comprehensive effort to strengthen and enhance the future of our parks. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly thank the National Park Foundation for all that it does to support our national treasures for another 100 years. Congratulations. 
RECOGNIZING JOHN ANDERSON (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the distinguished career of John Anderson of Kia Motors. John is retiring at the end of this year, after 33 years in the auto industry. From General Motors, to Delphi, to Kia, John has seen the ups and downs of the auto industry and has more than earned his retirement. But, this is a bittersweet moment for many of us in my hometown of West Point, Georgia. Kia opened a Washington office in conjunction with opening its manufacturing plant in 2010. The plant opened when I was mayor and Sonny Perdue was Governor. John was on the job then and has been there every day as the head of Washington’s office since it opened. From the beginning of his career at Disney’s Epcot Center, when he was the General Motors guy explaining the future of the industry, to his current role at Kia, John has made the automotive industry better; and he has done it with a remarkable touch of humanity and friendship along the way. John has been a great advocate for my hometown, for my district, and for the industry of Kia that now calls it home. As he moves into retirement with his wife, Joanna, as they get to spend a little time together, we wish him well in his retirement. RECOGNIZING DR. LESTER B. JOHNSON, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life of Dr. Lester Johnson, Jr., who passed away on November 29, 2017, at 91 years of age. Dr. Johnson’s work to provide a highquality education to all students in Savannah, Georgia, has truly made our community a better place to live. His teaching career spanned 43 years, with 20 of those years teaching at Alfred E. Beach High School, a place where he was a student himself. Dr. Johnson passionately taught industrial arts and mathematics classes, and he received the Beach High School Teacher of the Year Award in 1961. In 1969, Dr. Johnson began to teach students at Savannah State University, where he later received the university’s Distinguished Teaching Award in 1991. Dr. Johnson’s accomplishments don’t stop with education. A few of his many accomplishments include being a former State representative and the first AfricanAmerican Eagle Scout in Savannah. Dr. Lester Johnson’s students leave his legacy throughout the First Congressional District and the rest of our Nation. He will truly be missed. f 
WREATHS ACROSS AMERICA (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Wreaths Across America Day, a tribute held annually to honor and remember those servicemembers who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to our great Nation. Since Congress designated Wreaths Across America a national day of remembrance in 2007, Americans have joined together at Arlington National Cemetery and in their local communities to honor our veterans who have passed on. This year, more than 1 million wreaths were laid at over 1,300 cemeteries throughout the country. 245,000 wreaths were placed by thousands of volunteers at Arlington National Cemetery. On Saturday, in a virtual blizzard, I had the distinct honor of joining the RomeUtica Chapter of the Military Officers Association; the Navy ROTC students from Proctor High School in Utica, New York; and members of the Marine Corps League at Saint Peter’s Church in Rome, New York. As we laid wreaths on the graves of our fallen servicemen and women, we took a moment to say each veteran’s name, to remember each individual’s life of service, sacrifice, and the families they left behind. Divided by distance but not by spirit, on Saturday, millions of Americans came together in a common mission to honor and remember our fallen heroes. f 
b1930 CONGRATULATING SHASTA HIGH SCHOOL WOLVES (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight to offer a hearty congratulations to the Shasta High School Wolves of Redding, California, for their football championship this year. They won the north section. They won the Northern California Championship and made their first ever visit to the California State Championship, where they played down in southern California over the weekend. Though they came up a little bit short, they did have an early lead in that game after all that travel. So, indeed, congratulations to that program at Shasta High School and to the Wolves of Redding, California. It is teamwork that really makes this happen, and that is exemplified by the north State’s leading rusher, Vince Smith, when he was quoted: ‘‘The thing that was different about this season was that we actually really cared about each other and we were family. Every play, we’d use our hearts and fight for each other.’’ That is teamwork. That is the spirit. Congratulations, Shasta High School Wolves. 
TAX BILL IMPACTING VETERANS AND ACTIVEDUTY MILITARY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, wherever I go throughout my district and speak to an audience, I always acknowledge the veterans and Active Duty military. I think that is one unifying factor for this Congress and for this Nation. Today, the President offered a national security strategy. During his first 12 months, that strategy has been haphazard and lacking understanding. All of us, however, want to have a strong military, strong military families, and strong resources for our Active Duty and our veterans. It is sad, however, that in the next 2 days we will be voting on a tax bill that will take $2.3 trillion out of our budget and create a debt. It will raid Medicare and Medicaid, impacting some of those very soldiers and veterans’ families. As well, in this new bill, the top 1 percent will get 83 percent of this tax bill. Isn’t it interesting, if you are a family of four making $59,000, there will be $1,800 not given to you but taken away? We can’t have it all, Mr. Speaker. We can’t have a strong strategy, of which 
there was none today, by taking $2.3 trillion away from the men and women of this Nation. 
200TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE STATE OF ILLINOIS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to be on the floor tonight with my colleagues on the Republican and Democrat side as we pay tribute and honor to the great State of Illinois on the anniversary of our bicentennial. 
Mr. L AHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? There was no objection. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I rise tonight with my colleagues in recognition of our home, the great State of Illinois. It has been the highest honor of my life to serve our State as a Member of Congress, and I am sure it is for the other speakers that we will have here tonight. 2018 represents something special for us and for every Illinoisan. It is our 200th anniversary of statehood. It was December 3, 1818, that Illinois was admitted into the United States. Today I wish to recognize and honor all that Illinois has offered our great Nation. Illinois’ path to statehood began in the 17th century, with Europeans first settling the territory that had been home to many Native American Indian Tribes. The territory would exchange hands several times over the following century, eventually ending up as part of the Northwest Territory after the Revolutionary War. Only a few short years later, Congress would finally agree on its borders and name Illinois the 21st State in the Union. At that time, I am sure few expected that the largely unsettled area of land would go on to house the third largest city in our country with over 2.7 million residents, or produce agriculture goods that would feed people all over the globe. That these things came to pass is a testament to the hard work and determination of the people of Illinois. That is why the theme for this year’s bicentennial celebration is ‘‘Born, Built, and Grown’’—again, ‘‘Born, Built, and Grown’’—a chance to highlight not just the many goods and services our State offers, but also the many great Americans born and raised in Illinois, who have gone on to shape the world we live in. I am proud to represent Illinois’ 18th Congressional District, a district made up of 19 counties in central and west central Illinois, including parts of Peoria; BloomingtonNormal; Springfield, our State capital; Jacksonville; Quincy; Macomb; and all places in between. My district borders Missouri and Iowa along the Mississippi River, on the western part. It is a district with no shortage of great accomplishments and history. In fact, who knows where our entire Nation would be without the leadership of one Abraham Lincoln, a lawyer from Springfield, who represented nine of the counties in my current district. During his one term in the United States House of Representatives, he served from 1847 to 1849. People forget that he was Congressman Abraham Lincoln before he was President Abraham Lincoln. Lincoln would spend most of his life in Springfield, Illinois, as a lawyer; and also in Menard County, working in the post office there. He would also take river boats down the Sangamon River of the Illinois River, down to New Orleans. Returning to Springfield to practice law in between his sole term in the House and running for President in 1860, during his administration, America would weather a bloody Civil War but come out having rooted out the evil of slavery. While he would die in office, Lincoln’s leadership is why he continues to be named our greatest President. He earned the nickname ‘‘Honest Abe.’’ Illinois would continue to play a role in the abolishment of slavery when it became the first State to ratify the 13th Amendment in 1865. While he would die in office, Lincoln’s leadership is why he continues to be our greatest President today. Over a century later, another man with ties to Illinois would be sworn in as President: President Ronald Reagan from Illinois. He is the only President who was born and raised in Illinois. President Reagan would go on being the Governor of California—from the Governor of California to the Presidency in 1981. Born in Tampico, Illinois, Ronald Reagan spent his formative years growing up in Illinois. His father was a traveling salesman. They lived in Monmouth, in Galesburg, in Dixon, in Chicago for a short time, and also in Tampico. Of course, Ronald Reagan got a scholarship to play football at Eureka College in Woodford County, in my district. He was a student there, played football, and graduated from there. His time as President and Governor was defined by optimism and a faith in the American spirit and a way of life, a faith that was instilled during his formative years at Eureka and growing up in Illinois. Like Lincoln, his leadership during tough times remains a point of pride for not only Illinois, but for the entire Nation. Outside of politics, our congressional district is home to other famous Illinoisans who all called central Illinois home, including: the venerable Archbishop Fulton Sheen of the Catholic faith, future Major League Baseball Hall of Famer Jim Thome of Bartonville, twotime NBA champion Shaun Livingston from Peoria, former Major League Baseball manager and World Series champion Joe Girardi, and even the late comedian Richard Pryor. Just imagine where America’s sports and entertainment industries would be without their talents. Despite Chicago being our Nation’s third largest city and serving as a hub for many great industries, the largest sector of our economy remains agriculture. Last year, Illinois was the sixth largest producer of agriculture in the Nation, producing over $8 billion worth of agriculture exports. Our district was no slouch, coming in as the eighth largest congressional district in the country in terms of agriculture production, proving once more that our State has some of the most fertile farmland in the entire world. Illinois farmers continue to grow soybeans, corn, and much more that keep America’s economy growing and plates all over the globe full. My district also has the distinction that 96 percent of the pumpkins produced in the world come from central Illinois, within a 100mile radius of Peoria, and we are proud of that. So the next time you have a pumpkin latte or a pumpkin beer or pumpkin pie, it originated somewhere in central Illinois. Our State’s ties to agriculture don’t just end there, but they also include several companies that are worldwide leaders in farming equipment and Earthmoving products. Whether it is John Deere or Caterpillar, just to name a few, they are known across the globe as producers of the finest construction, farming, and Earthmoving machines out there. The Archer Daniels Midland Company, or ADM, is another Illinois agriculture institution with strong ties to Illinois’ 18th District. Formerly headquartered in Decatur, the global agricultural giant is now headquartered in Chicago, operating more than 270 plants and 420 crop procurement facilities worldwide. This is where cereal grains and oilseeds are produced. So not only is Illinois leading the way in growing crops, but also in turning them into products that show up in grocery stores across our country and across the globe. Finally, we cannot conclude without noting the presence of Forbes’ 33rd ranked business in the country: State Farm Insurance in BloomingtonNormal. The insurance giant has been providing insurance coverage and financial services for 95 years and is headquartered in my district in Bloomington, Illinois. Our ‘‘local good neighbor,’’ State Farm, brings not only peace of mind to millions of Americans as they buy or rent a home or an automobile, but they also assist in planning for the future. I couldn’t be prouder to be here tonight with my colleagues. Those are 
some of the ways that Illinois’ 18th District has contributed to the State’s story and how it will keep Illinois at the forefront of our Nation and global economy. Now I would like to recognize a number of my colleagues that are here tonight. I yield to the gentleman from southern Illinois (Mr. BOST), my colleague. Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Peoria, Illinois, for hosting this Special Order on the State’s bicentennial year. You know, Illinois is a State of threes. You know, we had three State capitals: Kaskaskia, Vandalia, and Springfield. We have three State seals. A lot of people don’t know that. If you know Illinois well, you know that there is three distinct parts of Illinois involved. Whether you are in politics or business, it is always referred to as Cook County, the Collar counties, and southern Illinois. In southern Illinois, we like to capitalize the ‘‘S’’ on ‘‘southern.’’ There is one other thing that is in threes. If you listen to the Illinois song, three people are mentioned: Lincoln, Grant, and Logan. Now, the reason why I bring those up is because, tied with southern Illinois and Illinois’ 12th Congressional District—the district that is the most southern and most western of the State of Illinois, which I am proud to represent—actually was and had the first State capital. Also, it has John A. Logan in that mentioning of those three names. John A. Logan, if you heard that name before, if you are in D.C., there are many things that are named after Logan, including ‘‘Logan Circle.’’ Logan was actually the gentleman who was laid in state—the eighth person laid in state here in this Capitol, and that was because he had established himself from deep southern Illinois. As a matter of fact, his hometown was— my hometown was his farm, which was subdivided to make that hometown. b1945 As a matter of fact, the deed in abstract of the home that I was born and raised in and the house that I later bought from my parents and raised my children for the first 10 years of my marriage in that home, my great grandmother actually bought that property from his father. John Logan established himself, which is really wild, and he actually was such a large part of Illinois history. He first ran as a Democrat; he was a district attorney. He then became a State representative, then a State senator, then went on to be a Member of the U.S. Congress and later a U.S. Senator. It was during the time of the Civil War, when the Civil War broke out, that there were questions on what would happen, because deep southern Illinois was split during the war, though stayed united as a State. John Logan came back and led troops for the North. What is really wild is after becoming a field grade general and a decorated war general, he came back to southern Illinois, then went back into politics as a Republican, and stayed a U.S. Senator but as a Republican and was part of the reconstructionists. The amazing thing about John Logan is that he actually ran for vice president. They lost, he and Blaine. He then was running for president and gave a long speech, actually, in the gentleman’s hometown who is hosting this tonight, for about 8 hours in the rain, got on a train, came back to the capital here, and passed away with pneumonia. Another great thing that happened in deep southern Illinois in the Illinois 12th is the LincolnDouglas debates. I am blessed to have the only district in the State of Illinois that has two LincolnDouglas debate sites. I am being questioned here that maybe there is one other. Jonesboro, September 15, 1858; Alton, October 15, 1858. Very proud of that. And, you know, these two went on after Douglas wins as Senator, but then Lincoln ends up winning the Presidency. There are several other things, but one other thing about deep southern Illinois, look, many people don’t realize that deep southern Illinois has the smallest national forest in the Nation. The Shawnee National Forest is located in JOHN SHIMKUS ’ and my district. We share it. It is truly a beautiful part of Illinois, wonderful rolling hills, deep forests, much good there. Also the Illinois 12th has Murphysboro, my hometown, which is the barbecue capital of Illinois. We have teams that have won as many as four grand championships and went on to create businesses all over this Nation in that business and in the barbecue business, and we are very proud of that. I would argue that maybe it is the barbecue capital of the world. There may be others that would argue different with that. How many of you, as children, remember the cartoon ‘‘Popeye’’, who came from Chester, Illinois, in the Illinois 12th? I am sure many of the other people who speak here tonight, Mr. Speaker, are also proud of their home districts in the State of Illinois, and should be, because I am going to tell you, whether it is from Cairo, to Galena, to Chicago, to Mulkeytown, from Danville, to East St. Louis, the State of Illinois is a great State. We love it. We have good things and bad things that happen, but it has been a great State that has helped this Nation, provided great leaders, provided great people involved in all kinds of fields throughout this Nation and this world. I have no reservations in saying, and I am sure others would say this about theirs, but I am so blessed, because I live in the most beautiful part of Illinois, the most beautiful part of Illinois where it starts out as the flatlands, what is commonly known as the prairies of Illinois up around St. Louis and Alton, and it comes south. When you get down to my area, it turns into rolling hills, rolling hills that produce peaches and apples and grapes, the beautiful wineries, areas of tourism, the land between the lakes, the land known as Little Egypt, and I am so privileged to be able to represent that part of the State of Illinois. Now, Mr. Speaker, I know we are going to have a lot of other speakers tonight, but I do want to tell you that Illinois, as I said, has had good times and bad times, but there are a whole lot more good times to come. It is a great place to live, it is a great place to raise your children, and I thank God that I had the opportunity to be born and raised there. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. BOST for his comments here tonight. I appreciate it very much. Mr. Speaker, next I want to yield to and recognize the Congresswoman from Matteson, Illinois, ROBIN KELLY , who we are so glad found her way from New York to Bradley University as a student in Peoria, Illinois, and has served our State well in the State legislature and throughout government there. We are happy to have her here tonight. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LAHOODfor yielding and for organizing tonight’s Special Order about our great State, Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because I am Illinois proud, and I rise today to celebrate our State’s upcoming 200th birthday. As you know, Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to represent Illinois’ Second Congressional District—in my opinion, the best district in the entire country. This community starts at 53rd and Cornell around the Museum of Science and Industry, it then reaches south to include many suburbs in Cook and Will Counties. It stretches all the way to the border of Indiana and the border between Kankakee and Iroquois Counties, to include some of our Nation’s most productive family farms. While I am humbled and honored to represent the remarkable people and families of Illinois’ Second District, as you have heard, I first moved to Peoria to attend Bradley University. While at Bradley, I joined the Zeta Phi chapter of Sigma Gamma Rho and completed my BA in psychology and my MA in counseling. I am proud to have been a Bradley University trustee, since 2003, and to continue to be a part of this amazing institution that is preparing the next generation of leaders. I lived in Peoria until 1992, when I moved to Matteson, Illinois, my current home in the great Second Congressional District, to become the village’s director of community affairs. In 2002, I was elected to the Illinois General Assembly, where I first met many of my current colleagues in the 
Illinois delegation while serving together in Springfield. At the time, I also served with the State senator who would eventually go on to become President of the United States, Barack Obama. As someone who has been privileged to live throughout Illinois and travel it extensively while working as a chief of staff to the State treasurer, I couldn’t be more proud to represent this great State and the great people who will call it home, especially those who call the Second District home. The Second District is truly a microcosm of Illinois and the entire U.S. It is urban, suburban, and rural. It includes parts of the city of Chicago and more than 1,200 farms. In the Second District, Nucor makes American steel and our Ford facility makes American cars. We grow corn, soybeans, and raise American pork. We have local breweries and giants like Amazon, alongside worldclass bike trails, scenic vistas, and the historic Pullman neighborhood, and we will soon be home to the new Obama Presidential Library and Museum. Mr. Speaker, the Second District is home to many universities and Blue 1647, a tech incubator, that are training the next generation of businesses, tech, and innovation leaders. Our small, mediumsized, and family businesses like Pullman Cafe, K&S Tire, SA Piggush Financial Consultants, South Creek Animal Hospital, Two Whisks Bakery, Homewood Bat, and Affordable Flooring By Rodrigo drive forward our regional economy and create local jobs for Illinois families. Our farms, like Van Drunen Farms and FutureCeuticals, feed people in more than 70 countries around the world, and our manufacturers, including Crown Cork and Seal, Best Diamond Plastics, and Chicago Heights Steel continue the proud tradition of Make It In America. While we are proud to build and grow products used around the State, country, and globe, you might be surprised to learn that many of the things you buy every day cross through the Second District. For generations, Chicago has been the crossroads of America, a hub for transcontinental and global commerce, and the Second District is the beating heart of that transportation infrastructure that creates goodpaying American jobs. The Second District is also home to a vibrant faith community that is committed to serving their community by putting their faith into action. Leaders in these movements have their houses of worship in the Second or they serve many people in the Second: Reverend Dr. James Hunt of New Hope Christian Community Church; Rami Nashashibi, executive director of the InnerCity Muslim Action Network and a recent MacArthur Foundation Fellow; Rabbi Ellen Dreyfus, B’nai Yehuda Beth Sholom; Father Mike Pfleger, a tireless champion to end gun violence; Pastor Andrew Singleton from Victory Apostolic; Apostle Ron from Full Gospel Christian Assembly. Our local nonprofits are helping to create a better, fairer, and more just world, organizations like Chicago Family Health Center; Aunt Martha’s; Polished Pebbles; Alliance of the Southeast; the Dovetail Project; Centro de Trabajadores Unidos; and Kids Off The Block, which provides atrisk young people with positive alternatives. In the Second District, our young people are active and engaged. They are dedicated to being a force for positive change in their communities, in our country, and in their world. In the face of any darkness, they stand proud and allow their personal life to shine through circumstance. Now, we have had a few famous people coming through the Second also: Quinn Buckner, the basketball player; Shonda Rhimes, famous from ‘‘Scandal,’’ ‘‘Grey’s Anatomy,’’ and ‘‘How to Get Away With Murder;’’ Eddy Curry, basketball; Tom Dreesen; Mary Matalin, who worked for Dick Cheney; and Mike Tomczak, who was a player for the Bears. So, yes, Mr. Speaker, I am Illinois proud. As we, the congressional delegation of families throughout the State, celebrate our 200th birthday over the next year, we are focusing on what makes Illinois great, things that I have discussed and you will hear tonight. Illinois greatness is born, it is built, it is grown, and we are proud of it. Happy birthday, Illinois. Here is to 200 more years of growth, innovation, and leadership. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LAHOODfor yielding. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman KELLY very much for those inspiring words about Illinois. I appreciate it very much. Mr. Speaker, next I yield to Congressman RANDY HULTGREN from Plano. Congressman HULTGREN served in our Illinois State senate. He is a proud Illinoisan, he serves our Nation very well. I yield to him now for a few comments. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I am grateful to Congressman LAHOOD for hosting this, pulling this together, and it really is a great beginning of an anticipation of celebration for the next year’s bicentennial of the statehood of my home, Illinois. Tonight, we are mentioning just a few things that make Illinois such a great State, and I look forward to continuing to highlight many more important facts, figures, stories, and pieces of history about the Prairie State and, more specifically, about the 14th Congressional District throughout 2018, all the way up until our 200th birthday on December 3, 2018. Illinois is the breadbasket that feeds the Nation and the world. Our State enjoys a global city with world class transportation hubs and small towns filled with the hardworking Americans who make this country what it is. The suburbs of Chicago, where I grew up, are opportunityfilled and family friendly. I was born in Illinois, grew up in Illinois, and am proud to be raising my family in Illinois. By the way, for the record, just to set it clear, it is Illinois, not Illinoise—phonetic—so we just make sure that is out there. I am so proud to represent the 14th Congressional District, the Fox River Valley, the Chain O’Lakes, and so many dozens and dozens of wonderful small and mediumsized towns that, again, are the heartbeat of Illinois and the heartbeat of this Nation. Tonight, I also would like to take a moment, as has already been done, to highlight a special giant that hovers over our State, Honest Abe himself. As a history buff, especially Illinois history, I cannot emphasize enough the impact that Abraham Lincoln has had on our State and also on our Nation and our world. While he wasn’t born in Illinois, his formative years were spent there, and no doubt our State helped shape his vision for what America was meant to be. His moral leadership, his persistent fight against the evils of slavery, his ability to bring diverse coalitions of people to unify the country, all this and more is why we have proudly called Illinois the land of Lincoln. So, again, it is a great honor and privilege for me to be able to be with my great colleagues, bipartisan, celebrating our State that we are so proud of, and we are looking forward to these next 12 months of ongoing celebration of the great State of Illinois. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman HULTGREN for those important words and comments about our great State. Mr. Speaker, I yield to and recognize Congresswoman CHERI BUSTOS , who represents the 17th District of Illinois. We share Peoria, Illinois, together in our district. Mrs. BUSTOS was born and raised in Springfield, currently lives in the Quad Cities in East Moline. I yield to the gentlewoman tonight for some comments. b2000 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LAHOODfor putting this together as we celebrate the 200th birthday of our great State of Illinois. The congressional district I serve stretches from Rockford to the north; the western border is the Mississippi River; and then we go into central Illinois, as Congressman LAHOODsaid, to the city of Peoria. I am very proud to be able to share that city with Congressman LAHOOD. My congressional district also represents the Quad Cities, which is where I call home. So in between all of these towns is 7,000 square miles of scenic farmland and vibrant towns like Monmouth and Canton and Thomson. We are a proud region with a proud history of manufacturing, agriculture, and service to our Nation. 
Let me tell you a little bit about the congressional district I serve. We are the home to John Deere in Moline, the birthplace of Caterpillar in Peoria, and home of the iconic Sock Monkey, which was created in Rockford, Illinois. I kid you not. In Rockford, we hosted the Nation’s very first National Football League game at Douglas Park, where the Rock Island Independents defeated the St. Paul Ideals 48–0, a real romping. More than 40 years before the world also fell in love with them through a movie called ‘‘A League of Their Own,’’ the Rockford Peaches were the four time champions of the AllAmerican Girls Professional Baseball League— also, I kid you not. This is amazing history. I want to mention a few athletes as well. Jim Thome, Congressman LAHOOD knows him. He was the five time allstar who played for eight different major league teams. He also came from the city of Peoria, and my brother was very close with him. My brother, my late brother, was a baseball coach at Eastern Illinois University and Southern Illinois University, and he was good friends with Jim Thome. We have also had several other brilliant performers come out of our region. Comedian Richard Pryor was born and grew up in Peoria. The town of Aledo in Mercer County is the hometown of two country megastars: Suzy Bogguss and Margo Price. And we even have a member of Destiny’s Child, Michelle Williams, who came from Rockford. So we are a proud people. We also are very proud of our agricultural heritage. Our region is one of the top corn producers in the country. We have corn and soybean farms all across Illinois that have been worked by generations of farm families. And they even go through the rolling hills of the Driftless Area in the Galena Territory. What the Driftless Area means is that this is a gorgeous stretch of land where the last ice age actually didn’t flatten, and so we have wonderful farmland in that region as well. A little bit to the east of the Galena Territory, we have a town called Freeport, which is also known as Pretzel City, USA, and it is home to the Union Dairy, which recently celebrated its centennial birthday. Our region has played a pivotal role not just in our State’s history, but also in our Nation’s history. Senator Everett Dirksen, a Senate office building right down the road here is named after Senator Dirksen. He came from Pekin, Illinois, which is in my congressional district. If you don’t know the history of Everett Dirksen, he was actually one of the authors of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and 1968. Let’s go to where I live, Rock Island County. It was the location of the very first railroad bridge over the Mississippi River, built in 1856. And since we are all getting into this Abraham Lincoln part of our State’s history, Abraham Lincoln was the attorney for the bridge company that I just mentioned. Then, 2 years after that bridge was built, our region was the host—I know Congressman BOSTsaid that his district was the only district that had two LincolnDouglas debates. Well, there is actually another congressional district that had two debates. One was in Freeport in 1858, in August of that year, and then another was in Galesburg in October of 1858. So, in fact, President Lincoln’s congressional district—I know Congressman DAVIS is going to lay real claim to Congressman Lincoln, but he also— let’s see. Congressman DAVIS had part of his district; Congressman LAHOOD had part of his district; and he also represented Tazewell County, which is part of my congressional district. Another legend of the Civil War, Ulysses S. Grant, made his home in Galena, Illinois, and his Presidential campaign headquarters was in a place called the DeSoto House, which is a hotel today in downtown Galena. It is a place where my husband and I like to stay when we visit Galena. During the Civil War, Rock Island was used as a Union prison camp before it was converted into the Rock Island Arsenal, where, today, it is the Army’s only active foundry. The hardworking men and women of the Rock Island Arsenal have produced munitions for every single one of our conflicts and our wars dating back to the Civil War. Mr. Speaker, the people of the northwestern and central and western part of Illinois have always had a special connection to the veterans who have served in our country. There is one particular street, the last point I want to make talking about my congressional district that I am lucky enough to serve, and its place in history over the last 200 years, but we are very, very proud of the street that we call Hero Street in Silvis, Illinois. It is a 1
1⁄2 block street, and there is no street of that similar size that has had more men and women serve in the military than Hero Street USA in Silvis, Illinois. More than 100 people have come from that street of a block and a half long to serve in the military, and 8 of them, all Mexican Americans, made the ultimate sacrifice during World War II and the Korean war. Hero Street has long been a source of pride for the congressional district that I am lucky enough to serve, and I am proud to mention them as part of this Special Order tonight. Mr. Speaker, I know all of us from this great State of Illinois who are speaking tonight are only scratching the surface about how important our region of the State is to our State’s history. I am very proud to be part of this. I thank Congressman LAHOOD for putting this together so we can talk about the bicentennial of the State of Illinois. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman BUSTOS for her valuable comments and advocacy for the State of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield to a colleague from Taylorville, Illinois (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS), somebody who serves a district just to the south of me. We share Springfield together. He represents some of the best institutions of higher learning in our State, and I am proud to share many of the Lincoln sites with my friend. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Congressman LAHOOD, and all my good friends from the Illinois delegation who are here today. This is really a privilege for me to be able to be here to talk about Illinois’ 200th anniversary. It is my home State. It wasn’t always my home State. As a matter of fact, my family moved us from our hometown of Des Moines, Iowa, to Taylorville, Illinois, when I was 7 years old, in 1977. Taylorville was a new experience for me, but it was a home that we established. My parents were able to achieve their dream of owning their own business, which gave my family the chance to achieve the American Dream, and it was right here in Illinois. It was in our home State that celebrates our 200th anniversary. Taylorville is the place where my wife grew up, and it is where we choose to raise our three children. But it is also my proud hometown, and I love to talk about it because it is where I grew up, but it is also where so many things have happened. Because I have taken this job as a Member of Congress, this opportunity, I have learned a lot more about my hometown. A couple of highlights that I want to bring out: one, of course, was Taylorville’s basketball team from the 1940s still holds the IHSA record. I believe they were 45–0, with bigname players like Johnny Orr and Ron Bontemps. Edward Mills Purcell was born in Taylorville and raised in Taylorville. He actually was the Nobel Peace Prize winner in physics. He actually created nuclear magnetic resonance, which is the backbone of what we know today as an MRI. It came out of my hometown in Taylorville, Illinois. I am so honored that, since 2013, I have been blessed to be able to walk this floor and serve the 13th Congressional District with these great colleagues from our home State. The 13th Congressional District goes way beyond my hometown of Taylorville. It stretches in 14 counties, and one area that I know that has been talked about tonight is Springfield, the State capital, Lincoln’s hometown. I have got to give it to my colleague, Mr. LAHOOD. Yes, he represents more geography that Lincoln represented in his one term here in Congress, and Mrs. BUSTOS represents part of Lincoln’s old district. I understand that. But as somebody who represents Lincoln himself in Lincoln’s tomb, I think I represent Lincoln the most. 
What this tells you, this friendly rivalry that we three have, it goes to show you that, in one term in Congress and then his time as the President of our great Nation, Abraham Lincoln took three Members of Congress to follow in his footsteps in his one district. There is no way any of us in this institution can follow in the footsteps of Abraham Lincoln, but it is such a privilege to know that we three share such history. And that is exactly why we are here today, to talk about the 200th anniversary of our home State, and we would not be talking about Illinois without Abraham Lincoln. There is a story and a statue in my hometown that has Lincoln and a pig. The old stories are that Lincoln came to practice when he was a lawyer and complained about the pig squealing under the steps of our local courthouse. So we in Taylorville honor Abe and his comments on the pig. Come visit, see the statue, and come celebrate Abraham Lincoln. Abraham Lincoln was a leader that, obviously, our Nation needed at that time. We stand here in the House of Representatives and we debate issues that may seem important today, but, compared to what our great President Abraham Lincoln and the Members of Congress at the time leading up to our Civil War, the issues that they had to discuss and they had to debate, I believe history has shown us that we will never—and, hopefully, never ever—experience what those elected officials did in Lincoln’s time. But it took the courage of Abraham Lincoln to actually keep our Nation together and keep the stability and the growth of the great State of Illinois as part of this United States of America for 200 years. His leadership and ability to unite people is something I strive to do in Congress every day. We certainly have a diverse State, and I want to highlight some of the things that Abraham Lincoln is probably not known for. Abe Lincoln actually was the inspiration for landmark legislation that he signed that created the Morrill Land Grant Acts that gave us landgrant universities, including the greatest landgrant university that I joke with my colleagues about from throughout this great Nation. The greatest land grant is the University of Illinois at UrbanaChampaign, which I am proud to have in my district. As we move on to talk about important issues, I cannot leave this floor tonight without talking about the importance of agriculture in our home State of Illinois. This past August, U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue; chairman of the House Agriculture Committee, MIKE CONAWAY ; and so many Members, including Congressman LAHOOD, Congresswoman B USTOS , and others, joined me and other members of the House Agriculture Committee for a farm bill listening session at the largest outdoor farm event in the country, the Farm Progress Show in Decatur, Illinois. Just the fact that this show is in Illinois every other year truly highlights the importance of Illinois agriculture to the rest of the world. I am proud to be able to serve on the House Agriculture Committee and serve as the chairman of the Subcommittee on Biotechnology, Horticulture, and Research. And when we talk about agriculture and our ability to feed the world, it stems right from our home State of Illinois. With 72,000 farms and over 2,600 food manufacturers, Illinois is a national leader. We are the leading producer of soybeans, corn, swine, and one of the largest producers of ethanol. As we move ahead into the next farm bill debate, I am proud to be able to take Illinois’ voice to the House Agriculture Committee with my colleague Congressman BOSTand my other colleague Congresswoman BUSTOS . I am proud to represent central Illinois and the 13th District here in Washington, and I hope that those who follow us for the next 200 years enjoy legislating in a bipartisan way as much as we do together in the Illinois delegation. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman DAVIS for those wonderful words regarding Illinois. I think we can agree there is enough Lincoln history and heritage to go around to all of us. So I thank the gentleman for his advocacy. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Deerfield, Illinois (Mr. SCHNEI DER), who represents many of the northwest suburbs and part of Cook County. b2015 Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join my colleagues in honoring our home, the great State of Illinois, on its bicentennial anniversary of its statehood in 1813. Over the next year, we are celebrating all that Illinois has contributed to American history, culture, innovation, and more over the past 200 years. On December 3, 1818, Illinois became the 21st State to join this Union. From humble beginnings with only 34,000 people, today, Illinois is the fifth most populous State, with almost 13 million people. Then a frontier prairie State, Illinois now sits firmly at the center of our national life, playing an indelible role in fueling, building, and transporting America’s rise. We are proud of our history as the Land of Lincoln, where, arguably, our greatest U.S. President began his career, raised his family, and first ran for office. As we have talked about, Abraham Lincoln was not the only President with roots in Illinois. President Grant and President Obama all called Illinois home, and President Reagan was the only President who was actually born in Illinois. Illinois is my home, too, and like those Presidents, I wasn’t born in Illinois. I moved to Illinois 35 years ago— hard to believe it has been that long— to attend college at Northwestern University, immediately falling in love with this great State. At Northwestern University, I met my wife. She grew up in Glencoe, we settled in Deerfield. We have raised two boys, made our career and our home in Illinois, and, most importantly, made our family in Illinois. Some of the interesting things to share about Illinois: Illinois had the first aquarium built in Chicago in 1893. The very first skyscraper in the entire world was built in Chicago in 1885. The tallest building in North America, formerly the Sears Tower, now the Willis Tower, is in Chicago. Evanston, home to Northwestern University, is also the home to the ice cream sundae. Illinois has a lot to be proud of, and will continue to be. Illinois has offered me and my family a tremendous opportunity, but now the task before us—the 18 members of the Illinois delegation who stand before you today thank you for organizing this. Our task now is to make sure that Illinois continues to work to create the same and better opportunities for the next generation. Personally, I am incredibly lucky to represent the 10th District of Illinois, which stretches from the edges of Cook County all the way north along Lake Michigan to the borders of Wisconsin, from the lake all the way west to Fox Lake. It is an incredible district. It is one of the most thoughtful, engaged constituencies in all of Congress. My constituents reach out and talk to me about what matters, what they care about. They freely share their opinions, and I welcome the opportunity to hear what is important, to hear their priorities and values, and I have the greatest privilege in my life to represent them in this great body. What I hear about from my constituents is hope for the future, the belief that Illinois, Chicago, the 10th District, is going to lead this Nation. My district is a district that focuses on education because we know that educating every one of our children, from kindergarten all the way through high school, to college and even grad school, to making sure all of our kids have the skills and lessons they need to succeed, is the way we are going to continue to lead in a global economy. When it comes to economy, my district has the fourth largest concentration of manufacturing jobs of any district in the entire country. We have innovation, we have manufacturing, we have transportation, because we know, if we are going to grow our economy, we are going to invent things in America, make them in America, and ship them around the world; and Illinois and the 10th District of Illinois is leading the way. Our district has a great focus on the environment. I have the privilege of representing the largest part of Lake Michigan in the Illinois delegation; Lake Michigan that provides fresh 
water to 30 million people. But Illinoisans know that we need to protect our environment to invest in our future, to make sure that our children have clean air, fresh water, and a good, healthy future. That all comes out of Illinois. For 200 years, Illinois has been a place where people could achieve the promise of a better future. Looking to the future, we will continue to succeed by offering highquality education, good, wellpaying jobs, and a secure, dignified retirement for all our citizens. I am proud to represent this great State. I am proud to have the privilege to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, fighting for the priorities and values of Illinois. I am proud of the history our State has provided; of the example we have given not just today, but for 200 years. 2018 is going to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of the State of Illinois, but I know that our best days still lie ahead of us. I know that, together, we are going to work to make our future solid and our kids’ opportunities secure. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman SCHNEIDER for his very complimentary words of his district and the State of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I next yield to the gentleman from the Illinois delegation, Congressman RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI , one of our newest members whose hometown is Schaumburg, Illinois, but his roots go downstate to Peoria, Illinois. We are proud to have him as a Peorian. His parents live in my district as constituents. He has hit the ground running here in Congress and is proud of his Illinois roots both downstate and now representing the suburbs of Chicago. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman LAHOOD for organizing this Special Order. I am so honored to be a part of it. As the Congressman mentioned, my name is RAJAKRISHNAMOORTHI , a Congressman representing the great Eighth District of Illinois, which are the west and northwest suburbs of Chicago. I am proud to join my colleagues tonight in celebrating Illinois’ bicentennial—the 200th year—of statehood. There is something special in celebrating the anniversary of Illinois’ entry into the Union, as it was the State which produced the man who would save it. I am proud to be from the Land of Lincoln, but for all of its national and historic importance, my love of our home State is also very personal. I did not have the honor of being born in Illinois, but it is my home and always will be because our State welcomed my family with open arms, as it has for so many others over the last 200 years. You see, I was born in New Delhi, India, and when I was 3 months old, my parents brought our family to the United States so my father could continue his education and our family could embrace all the opportunities of this great country. It wasn’t easy and there was struggle, but my family came to know that the American Dream of building a better life was possible because the people of Illinois made it so. We had our challenges, but everything changed for the better when my father was offered a position as an engineering professor in a mysterious place called Peoria, Illinois. They did not know where Peoria, Illinois, was at the time. They unfurled the map, found out where Peoria was, packed the U Haul in New York State, and started driving and driving and driving. They made it to Peoria, but that was when the golden years in our family started. That is where they educated their two sons in wonderful public schools. That is where they bought their first home. That is where they entered the middle class. Every night, my father would say something at the dinner table along the lines of: Think of the greatness of this country and of Illinois, and make sure that the governments in both places are there for the next families who need it. My father began teaching. My brother and I went to school in Peoria, and Peoria became our home. More than three decades have passed. My father is still teaching at Bradley University, and he and my mother still live in the house I grew up in. Though I went away for college, I always knew where I would be when it was time to start my own family. My wife, Priya, and I were married in Illinois, and all three of our children are being raised there. It will always be our home, for all the joys of the Cubs’ wins and for all the challenges of its winters. As I look back on the opportunities my family had, that I have had, and that my children will have, I will feel an overwhelming sense of gratitude to Illinois. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman KRISHNAMOORTHI for those heartfelt words about Illinois. I appreciate those very, very much. Mr. Speaker, next I yield to one of the deans of our delegation from the city of Chicago, a strong advocate for our State and the city, Congressman DANNY DAVIS. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I thank Representative LAHOOD for organizing this opportunity for all of us from Illinois to talk about the greatness of our State. We have had on the floor individuals from very different parts of the State, but Illinois has always had a reputation of having one of the most congenial delegations in Congress any way you cut it. We have always had that during the time that I have been here, and to be able to talk about the diversity. As Representative KRISHNAMOORTHI  was making his comments, you could hear the emotion in his voice as he talked about how Illinois had welcomed his family. And that is what Illinois has done. It has welcomed individuals from all parts of the world. Individuals, large numbers of Puerto Ricans who came from Puerto Rico; Mexican Americans; individuals who were immigrants; African Americans, like myself, who migrated from the rural South. No, I didn’t grow up in Illinois. I wasn’t born in Illinois. As a matter of fact, I was born in Arkansas. Of course, it is the only State in the Bible that Noah looked over his ark and saw. Large numbers of individuals from my State, from Mississippi, from Louisiana, from Texas, from Tennessee, from Alabama, and from other places migrated to Illinois, and especially to Chicago. I have the opportunity to represent what I consider to be the most fascinating piece of geography in North America that is compressed into a political subdivision. My district begins at Lake Michigan. You can’t go any further east. It abuts the lake. It is downtown Chicago. It is The Loop. It is the Magnificent Mile. It is Water Tower Place. It is the future’s industry. It is the big banks. It is home to corporate America. Major corporations have their headquarters in downtown Chicago. But it also has more hospitals than any other single district in America, which means that it is a health mecca. It also has some of the first of the community health centers, the federally qualified health centers, that were organized, the Mile Squares, the Near Norths, the Martin Luther Kings, Access Healths. It is a fascinating place, but then a part of it is home to Ernest Hemingway. There are more Frank Lloyd Wright structures in my district in a place called Oak Park than any other place in the world. With the exception of a few places, it is the museum capital of the Nation, every kind of entity. But the diversity of its people, some very wealthy individuals, but then the areas that were devastated by the riots after the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King. But some of the greatness of people like John H. Johnson, who started, developed, and owned Johnson Publishing Company. Parker House Sausage. We don’t do a great deal of farming, but we do a lot of other kinds of things, businesses like Ariel Capital, Loop Capital. b2030 These businesses provide an opportunity for others to interact. Great people, I have had the good fortune to just know a whole bunch of young athletes: Isaiah Thomas, Kevin Garnett, Doc Rivers, and Darryl Stingley. All of these guys grew up in my district—not just in Chicago, but in my district. I represent the Chicago Bulls. I represent the Bears, the Black Hawks, and a little bit of the White Sox. Unfortunately, the Cubs are a little further 
north where Congressman M IKE QUIGLEY is and represents, but we embrace them also. President Barack Obama lived right at the edge of my district. Chicago, Illinois, is filled with inclusivity. Carol Moseley Braun was the first AfricanAmerican woman to be elected to the United States Senate from the State of Illinois. Of course, Barack Obama was also elected to the Senate. Roland Burris was a member of the Senate, and Abraham Lincoln. I grew up as a fan of Abraham Lincoln because of the role that he and Illinois played in the abolition of slavery. My mother was a great Abraham Lincoln fan, so as a little boy, I knew every story that you could think of about Abraham Lincoln. The thing that I am most proud of, though, is the inclusivity and the diversification of our State. Representative LAHOOD has represented and demonstrated what Illinois is all about, and that is bringing all of us together to extol some of the virtues of our great State. I thank the gentleman for his leadership, and I thank the gentleman for his action. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman DAVIS for those wonderful words about the State of Illinois, its history, and the city of Chicago and all his advocacy. Mr. Speaker, in closing, as you can see, each of our districts has played a role in not only shaping Illinois’ history, but that of the entire Nation and the whole world. Whether it is the business hub of Chicago, the farmers downstate, or the many Main Street businesses in every city, Illinois’ influence can be seen every day no matter where you are. That is why our bicentennial theme of ‘‘Born, Built, and Grown’’ is so appropriate. As 2018 begins and we continue to get closer to our State’s birthday on December 3, 2018, bicentennial events all across Illinois will help us recognize the important people and products that our State has to offer. For example, a bicentennial beer has already been judged and selected, hailing from the Hand of Fate Brewing Company in Petersburg, Illinois, within my congressional district. I encourage everyone to check out the full list of events at illinois200.com. I am sure I will be running into many of my colleagues at several of them throughout the year as they happen across the State. While Illinois’ first 200 years have included both struggle and success, our State should be a point of pride for all of us. I think we heard that tonight. While we have accomplished so much, as my colleagues and I have talked about here tonight, there remains much to be done. Illinois remains on the path of prosperity, and the hard work and determination that the people of Illinois are known for will surely get us there. Mr. Speaker, I will just close by wishing Illinois a happy early birthday. We look forward to celebrating over the next year. I am proud to be born and raised in the State of Illinois and that my wife and I are raising our three boys in Illinois. We hope they stay and prosper in Illinois, and we look forward to this next year of celebration for 200 years of Illinois being in this great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
GRADING THE GOP TAX PLAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, it was really fun interacting with my colleagues and learning about the great State in which we live and have the opportunity to represent. But, Mr. Speaker, as we prepare to vote on the GOP tax plan, I decided that I would grade the bill and look a little bit at the difference between what has been promised and the reality of what is in the final legislation. We were told that there would be middle class tax relief and that nobody in the middle class is going to get a tax increase. We have been looking for it, but instead, after 10 years, millions of middle class taxpayers will be paying more, and the majority of the tax cuts will go to the corporations and to the 1 percent. We were told that it would eliminate tax breaks for the wealthy and that wealthy proponents of the bill will personally take a hit from the GOP tax plan—another failure. This bill and this plan violates every principle and every tenet of economic justice. The vast majority of the benefits go to the large corporations and the wealthiest 1 percent of Americans. All major tax breaks remain and many new ones have been added, including the insidious new 20 percent deduction for socalled passthrough entities like real estate developers and others. Because of the fact that the new language wasn’t in the bill passed by the House and Senate, floor amendments to eliminate the provision will not be permitted. The alternative minimum tax, that safety net designed to thwart clever tax dodgers, is gone. The biological heart of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska is handed over to oil companies for minimal return of Federal tax dollars. We were told that Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid would be protected, that this was going to be a revenueneutral tax reform and that the bill would pay for itself—failure again. The trillionplus dollars in new deficit spending will be blamed on these programs, and pressure to cut them will begin shortly after the new year. We were told that tax cuts will spur economic growth—again, failure. U.S. corporate profits are already historically high, but corporations are not making investments in plants, research, and new technology to grow the economy. What we need is increased demand, higher wages, returning dislocated workers to the economy, rebuilding aging cities, and rebuilding infrastructure to revitalize communities. The redistribution of income away from low to highincome households reduces consumption spending, which reduces demand. The bill will be disastrous to the work of charitable nonprofits, reducing charitable giving by $13 billion or more, annually, destroying more than 220,000 nonprofit jobs and impairing the ability of nonprofits to address community needs. Repatriating overseas corporate profit will stimulate the economy; that is what we were told. U.S. multinationals currently have $752 billion in taxes on the $2.6 trillion in profits that they are holding offshore. They have already found creative ways to use those dollars here at home without paying taxes. Worse yet, the repatriation provision helps conceal the permanent and growing costs of tax provisions that would lose revenue over the next decade. What is needed is linking tax breaks to specific targeted investment here at home, such as the new market credit, which, as of the end of fiscal year 2016, had generated $8 of private investment for every $1 of Federal funding; created 178 million square feet of manufacturing, office, and retail space; and financed over 5,400 businesses. We were told that we were going to be able to reduce health costs and health insurance for everybody—failure again. The elimination of the penalty for people who go without health insurance will result in some 13 million Americans losing their health insurance. That includes more than 500,000 Illinois residents. Healthcare premiums will rise by about 10 percent in most years, and for the lowest income working families, with 10 million children under 17, there will either be no improvement in their child tax credit or a token increase of $1 to $75. Low and modestincome working families, with another 14 million children, will receive a child tax credit increase of more than $75 but less than the full $1,000 per child increase that families at higher income levels would receive. We were told that we were going to be able to file our taxes on a postcard, simplify and reduce the size of the Tax Code. That is not going to happen. Final grade, corporations and the 1 percent—the wealthiest people in the country—will win, and the rest of society will lose. For me, Mr. Speaker, that is not an acceptable result. I could never vote for this bill, so count me out. I vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I enjoyed hearing my friend from Illinois first talking about the great State of Illinois. It truly is. We appreciate all the doctors who have been sent down to Texas after we did tort reform and Illinois continues to have significant problems. We had had problems keeping doctors in Texas until the great State of Illinois ran into greater and greater malpractice lawsuit problems. Texas did tort reform, and we started having doctors coming from places like Illinois to Texas, and we are doing much better. The problem is, with health insurance, I heard my friend talk about 13 million who won’t have insurance, and I think, to be fair there, are so many millions right now who are forced to do the unthinkable. b2045 It is unconstitutional. The Supreme Court simply chose to become political in their decisionmaking rather than constitutional. You could pick nine people off the street at random and probably six or seven out of the nine, after they heard the dispute and read the Constitution, would find contrary to the Supreme Court. We put so much magic, supposedly, in those black robes. Somehow, they are given more credibility than they ought to be. Thomas Jefferson thought that the judicial system would be the weakest of the three branches, but now it pretty much controls everything. Under ObamaCare, people are forced to buy a product. For the first time in American history, you can be forced to buy a product. If you didn’t, you would be fined, punished, taxed. The Court said, on one hand, it wasn’t a tax. Therefore, the Court had jurisdiction. Fortysome pages later, it said it is a tax, so it is constitutional. In any event, people have been forced to buy a product and they have paid for as cheap a policy as they could get away with, but the deductibles were so high. I have heard this over and over hundreds of times in my own district. They were buying insurance they will never be able to use. The deductibles are so high, they don’t have that kind of money. So what the repeal of the individual mandate is going to mean is that people can still buy the insurance if they want to. They are not going to be penalized if they don’t buy it. But in order for ObamaCare to work, it is stealing from Peter to pay Paul. In other words, young people, for example, were having to buy insurance they would never use because they would have the deductible. But they did the calculation: Do I pay more if I pay for the insurance or do I pay more if I pay the extra income tax? Then they make that decision. What the repeal of the individual mandate means is that we will help the Supreme Court in their ridiculous ruling and the mental gymnastics that went into not calling it a tax at page 13 or so, and then 40 pages later calling it a tax. It is really pretty absurd, but it was a political decision. John Roberts was intimidated into believing that, if they struck down this unconstitutional bill, he would be deemed to be Chief Justice over the most political Court. As a result of what he did, he goes down in history as having the most political Court since Dred Scott. It wasn’t quite as bad as the Dred Scott decision. That has got to be the worst. We know from history that sometimes they just get it wrong. We will do the right thing by the American people, and we will repeal the individual mandate. Unfortunately, it is not going to start for a year. I also heard my friend mention—and I have heard others say—that this bill will end up putting most of the income in the hands of the top 1 percent. One of the great things about being in Congress is you get to learn so much if you are paying attention. My friends can go back and look at YouTube and find President Obama, after being in office for a number of years, admitting that, for the first time in American history, 95 percent of the Nation’s income went to the top 1 percent income earners. It never happened before. But under the policies that do as President Obama said he was going to do before he got elected—and that is spread the wealth around—every time somebody tries to spread the wealth around—it is a socialist idea, a communist. But when you try to spread the wealth around, it never seems to fail that the richest, most powerful get richer and more powerful. You can go to the Soviet Union. There were a handful of people making a lot of money, even over there now, under Putin. Of course, Putin gets richer. But there were a handful of people who get rich and most of the people don’t. Most of the people bring in about the same amount of income, but they don’t have access to the same benefits. Anyway, we are going to move in a direction away from what President Obama’s policies established, and that was, as a fact, 95 percent of the Nation’s income is going to the top 1 percent. We want to get away from that. Reforming the Tax Code and getting away from the punishing days of President Obama’s policies will allow the working class to do better for the first time in years. They have been flat lined or less when adjusted for inflation. It is time they did better. The tax bill we should take up tomorrow will end up doing that. It will get money into the hands of the working poor, the middle class. We saw the middle class shrink under President Obama; the poor got poorer, the ultrarich got ultraricher, and the middle class shrunk. More people—over 50 million, as I recall—signed up for food stamps. That has already dropped significantly under the policies of the current President. We are hoping that the policies that we will push through together with the President will continue to have that effect. People will do better. There will be more jobs. With all of the ridicule of lowering the corporate tax, if people will just be realistic and honest about it, corporations don’t pay corporate taxes. They have to pass that on as a cost of doing business to their customers, their clients, those who purchase their goods or services. They pass that 35 percent tax on. I know that before the President got elected, the current President, he had talked about maybe putting a tariff on Chinese goods. The fact is we have been putting on a 35 percent tariff, the highest tariff anybody puts on its own goods and services of all the industrialized nations. It is the biggest. If we knock that 35 percent down, then it means our goods will be more competitive around the world. It means more jobs. It is going to be a great thing for America. It really is. As much as some people despise the President, like it or not, it is going to help make America great again. Lower the corporate tax. I wish we could have kept it at 15 percent. Apparently, the powers of the leaders of the House and Senate, by a margin of two toone against the President wanting it at 15 percent, but at least we are getting it lowered. That is going to mean more goods can be competitive abroad. It means more jobs here. It means more manufacturing back here. For those who have got their nose in the air and think we shouldn’t have manufacturing in America, you go around the world and see manufacturing in other places and you see it here. It is about as clean a manufacturing company as you can have. This is the best place for those jobs because we do have to breathe the air that China and India pollutes, which we are cleaning up, but not near fast enough because they are polluting it so much. Fortunately, the President withdrew from the socalled climate accord. The reason all these other countries wanted the United States in is because we were the ones that were going to send checks to all the other countries. We were going to pay guilt money. We have no guilt to pay for. In fact, this is the country that is helping clean up the air and water, unlike other large nations in the world. They owe us a check, if somebody is going to be owing checks for the amount of pollution. It should mean a better economy. There is one other thing that severely hurt our country under the past administration. I am not normally a big fan of Politico’s articles, but this is a fascinating one that calls itself: ‘‘The Secret Backstory of How Obama Let Hezbollah Off the Hook.’’ 
Hezbollah is recognized as a terrorist organization. This is entitled: ‘‘The Secret Backstory of How Obama Let Hezbollah Off the Hook.’’ Part one starts with a ‘‘Global Threat Emerges. How Hezbollah turned to trafficking cocaine and laundering money through used cars to finance its expansion. ‘‘In its determination to secure a nuclear deal with Iran, the Obama administration derailed an ambitious law enforcement campaign targeting drug trafficking by the Iranianbacked terrorist group Hezbollah, even as it was funneling cocaine into the United States, according to a Politico investigation. ‘‘The campaign, dubbed Project Cassandra, was launched in 2008 after the Drug Enforcement Administration amassed evidence that Hezbollah had transformed itself from a Middle East focused military and political organization into an international crime syndicate that some investigators believed was collecting $1 billion a year from drug and weapons trafficking, money laundering, and other criminal activities.’’ So, that was 2008, during the Bush administration, with Robert Mueller as head of the FBI. This points out: ‘‘Over the next 8 years’’—that would be as we went into the Obama administration, 2009— agents working out of a topsecret DEA facility in Chantilly, Virginia, used wiretaps, undercover operations, and informants to map Hezbollah’s illicit networks, with the help of 30 U.S. and foreign security agencies. ‘‘They followed cocaine shipments, some from Latin America to West Africa and on to Europe and the Middle East, and others through Venezuela and Mexico to the United States. They tracked the river of dirty cash as it was laundered by, among other tactics, buying American used cars and shipping them to Africa. And with the help of some key cooperating witnesses, the agents traced the conspiracy, they believed, to the innermost circle of Hezbollah and its state sponsors in Iran.’’ It is rather ironic. I got in the car a moment ago and heard my good friend, Mark Levin. Apparently, he had read part of this story on the air and had a call from a person they didn’t fully identify who was one of these agents who was helping track what Hezbollah was doing. The article says: ‘‘But as Project Cassandra reached higher into the hierarchy of conspiracy, Obama administration officials threw an increasingly insurmountable series of roadblocks in its way.’’ Parenthetically here, so the Obama administration had found that Hezbollah was massively producing and getting into the United States drugs that were addicting American young people—well, of all ages, but especially our young, our future—making a billion dollars or so, and they were dying as they got hooked on worse and worse drugs. The answer of the Obama administration, according to this article, was throwing an increasingly unsurmountable series of roadblocks in the way of those investigating Hezbollah and the evil infliction of harm they were doing to America. b2100 The article goes on: ‘‘ . . . according to interviews with dozens of participants, who, in many cases, spoke for the first time about events shrouded in secrecy, and a review of government documents and court records. When Project Cassandra leaders sought approval for some significant investigations, prosecutions, arrests, and financial sanctions, officials at the Justice and Treasury Departments delayed, hindered, or rejected their requests.’’ That would be Bob Mueller at the FBI. He had already purged the FBI training materials so that FBI agents, as they came in, would not know what questions to ask. So when they went out to interview Tsarnaev, after we got a heads up that he was a terrorist—he had been radicalized—those FBI agents didn’t know what to ask. Why? Because Bob Mueller purged the training material. So they didn’t know what to ask. They didn’t know what to look for in a radical Islamist. They went and asked his mother, and she said: No, he is a good boy. He is not a terrorist. There were people who died because of Bob Mueller purging the FBI training materials; so they didn’t even know what they were looking for. And when I was crossexamining him before our committee, I said: ‘‘You didn’t even go out to the mosque where they attended to investigate them.’’ He indicated that they did go out to the mosque in their outreach program, where they sit down and play ‘‘Pata Cake,’’ share a meal, and the last thing they do would be to inquire about one of the mosque attendees being radicalized. They didn’t bother to do that. They were too busy making merry in their outreach program. He also testified on one occasion that the Islamic community is like every other religious community in America; and they had this wonderful outreach program with them, and it is working so well. So I asked a question: ‘‘Well, you said the Islamic community is like every other community in America, and you have this wonderful outreach program with them, so let me ask you: How is your outreach program going with the Buddhists, and the Jewish, and the Baptists, and all of these other communities?’’ Well, they don’t have an outreach program to any except the Islamic community. So that told me then: this isn’t just like every other community. They don’t have outreach communities through every other religious community in America because they are not worried about them blowing up innocent people, to the extent they apparently were before Mueller came along. In any event, back to this article: ‘‘The Justice Department declined requests by Project Cassandra and other authorities to file criminal charges against major players such as Hezbollah’s highprofile envoy to Iran, a Lebanese bank that allegedly laundered billions in alleged drug profits, and a central player in a U.S.based cell of the Iranian paramilitary Quds Force. And the State Department rejected requests to lure highvalue targets to countries where they could be arrested.’’ So the Justice Department—during that period, of course—would have been Eric Holder. I believe I saw him in the news recently. He had forgotten how he was in contempt of Congress, how he covered up—obfuscated—crimes that appeared to be occurring under his watch. And now we find out, just days after his highprofile blasting of what was going on here, trying to get to the truth, it turns out he was obfuscating, just like we found he was doing, hindering and obstructing justice. We really needed a special counsel to investigate him. But, of course, he was not going to have a special counsel investigate himself, nor was Loretta Lynch going to allow a special counsel to investigate Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch. We still need one to investigate both of them. And the more we find out, the more it points to this desperate need. It has this in the article from December 15, 2011: ‘‘Hezbollah is linked to a $483,142,568 laundering scheme. The money, allegedly laundered through the Lebanese Canadian Bank and two exchange houses, involved approximately 30 U.S. car buyers.’’ Then it goes on and shows in the article, from the Southern District of New York, U.S. Attorney’s Office: ‘‘Manhattan U.S. Attorney Files Civil Money Laundering and Forfeiture Suit Seeking More Than $480 Million From Entities Including Lebanese Financial Institutions That Facilitated a HezbollahRelated Money Laundering Scheme’’ ‘‘‘This was a policy decision, it was a systematic decision,’ said David Asher, who helped establish and oversee Project Cassandra as a Defense Department illicit finance analyst. ‘They serially ripped apart this entire effort that was very well supported and resourced, and it was done from the top down.’’’ That would be from President Obama, it would be from Eric Holder, and it would be from Bob Mueller. Bob Mueller should have been honest and sincere enough when he was asked to be special counsel, and should have said: I am probably going to be investigated myself. I am not in a position to be the investigator. Because he certainly should be investigated. And this is one more story. 
‘‘The untold story of Project Cassandra illustrates the immense difficulty in mapping and countering illicit networks in an age where global terrorism, drug trafficking, and organized crime have merged, but also the extent to which competing agendas among government agencies—and shifting priorities at the highest levels—can set back years of progress.’’ And that is exactly what happened under Bob Mueller and President Obama’s administration. And this 56page article appears very well documented, and it actually appears well done. It has John Brennan in here creating problems for the investigation into the drugging and laundering of money to help finance terrorist operations. And one part of this is they killed this investigation. They were afraid it would prevent the Iran agreement from going forward. Well, it didn’t go forward. It was never constitutionally ratified. The Corker bill was just that: it was a bill. It could not turn the Constitution upside down, as it attempted to do. The Constitution makes clear that it takes twothirds of the Senate to ratify a treaty. It doesn’t matter what the bill says; it will only take onethird to ratify a treaty. It doesn’t work that way. If you want that to be the law, it takes a constitutional amendment to do that. We didn’t have one. Therefore, it took twothirds to ratify, and the Iranian agreement is still not ratified. But, nonetheless, though it wasn’t ratified, it didn’t keep the President from sending $100 billion or so in dollars over to Iran. We know Iran is the largest producer of IEDs in Iraq. As I sat at the funeral of this precious, young 20yearold gentleman, who went to my daughter’s high school, Alex Missildine, killed by an IED, I just sat there going: I wonder if the money President Obama sent paid for the production of the IED that killed our precious Alex? It has been paid. It is paying for something. We know that Iran is using it—Certainly part of their military operations are continuing to kill Americans in other places. Yet you had Project Cassandra that was closing in on Hezbollah, closing in on the drug production, drug sales, the laundering of money through the used car, shipping used cars around. And then, lo and behold, a reminder of what has happened right here on Capitol Hill that Luke Rosiak has been pursuing. Here is an article from February 20, 2017, from the Daily Caller, entitled: ‘‘House Dem IT Guys In Security Probe Secretly Took $100,000 in Iraqi Money,’’ from a Hezbollah tie. The article says: ‘‘Rogue congressional staffers took $100,000 from an Iraqi politician while they had administratorlevel access to the House of Representatives’ computer network, according to court documents examined by The Daily Caller News Foundation’s Investigative Group. ‘‘The money was a loan from Dr. Ali alAttar, an Iraqi political figure, and was funneled through a company with ‘impossible’todecipher financial transactions that the congressional information technology, IT, staffers controlled. ‘‘Imran Awan, ringleader of the group that includes his brothers Abid and Jamal, has provided IT services since 2005 for Florida Democrat Representative DEBBIE WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , the former Democratic National Committee, DNC, chairwoman. The brothers are from Pakistan. ‘‘The trio also worked for dozens of other House Democrats, including members of the Intelligence, Foreign Affairs, and Homeland Security Committees. Those positions likely gave them access to congressional emails and other sensitive documents. ‘‘The brothers, whose access to House IT networks has been terminated, are under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police.’’ ‘‘Investigators found that congressional information was being copied to an offsite server and they suspect the brothers of improperly accessing information and stealing congressional property. Chiefs of staff for the employing Democrats were notified February 2. ‘‘Soon after Imran began working for Members of Congress, Imran’s and Abid’s wives—Hina Alvi and Natalia Sova—also began receiving congressional paychecks, the DCNF found. Imran’s employers included two members of the Intelligence Committee. ...  ‘‘By 2009, the family was simultaneously managing a fulltime car dealership in Virginia, with Abid running daytoday operations after contributing $250,000 in startup cash. It was called Cars International A, LLC, referred to as ‘‘CIA’’ in court documents.’’ Cars International A, referred to as CIA. Isn’t it clever. ‘‘Imran boasted unusual clout among House Democrats, and was even pictured conversing with former President Bill Clinton. After Rao Abbas, who was owed money by the dealership, threatened to sue amid allegations of deception and theft, Abbas appeared on the congressional payroll and received $250,000 in taxpayer payments.’’ Incredible. You owe somebody for an illicit car dealership, and you can’t pay. Just put them on the House employee system; and they will be on the congressional payroll, and you can pay off $250,000. That must have been a heck of a percentage, though. They borrowed $100,000 from this guy with Hezbollah contact, and they have to pay him back $250,000. Of course, in their case, they were very fortunate, because they did it with the House payroll. There is no evidence that Mr. Abbas ever lifted a finger to do any work, and for good reason. We wouldn’t want him involved in all of the inner workings of our computer systems on the Hill. Who knows. Maybe he did. Maybe that was part of the payoff as well. ‘‘Abid had ‘100 percent’ of the dealership, a onetime business partner said in court documents, in addition to his $165,000ayear job working fulltime for multiple representatives. . . .’’ Mr. Speaker, this story Politico has run seems to have a lot of parallels to what was going on right here in the House that needs further investigation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b2304 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ) at 11 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1, TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3312, SYSTEMIC RISK DESIGNATION IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–474) on the resolution (H. Res. 667) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3312) to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mrs. NAPOLITANO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. Ms. MCCOLLUM (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of official business in district. 
JOINT RESOLUTION PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on December 8, 2017, she 
presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following joint resolution: 
H.J. Res. 123. Making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2018, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 5 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, December 19, 2017, at 9 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3420. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Dassault Aviation Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20171023; Product Identifier 2017 NM144AD; Amendment 3919104; AD 201723 10] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3421. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; RollsRoyce plc Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA20170816; Product Identifier 2017 NE29AD; Amendment 3919093; AD 20172213] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3422. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; General Electric Company Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA20171000; Product Identifier 2017NE36AD; Amendment 39 19100; AD 20172306] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3423. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; 328 Support Services GmbH (Type Certificate Previously Held by AvCraft Aerospace GmbH; Fairchild Dornier GmbH; Dornier Luftfahrt GmbH) Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20169568; Product Identifier 2016 NM150AD; Amendment 3919077; AD 201721 06] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3424. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Engine Alliance Turbofan Engines [Docket No.: FAA20170988; Product Identifier 2017NE37AD; Amendment 3919097; AD 20172303] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3425. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170712; Product Identifier 2017 NM014AD; Amendment 3919095; AD 201723 01] (RIN: 2120AA64) received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3426. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31162; Amdt. No.: 3772] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3427. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31163; Amdt. No.: 3773] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3428. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31161; Amdt. No.: 3771] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3429. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31164; Amdt. No.: 3774] received December 14, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3813. A bill to designate a human trafficking prevention coordinator and to expand the scope of activities authorized under the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s outreach and education program to include human trafficking prevention activities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–467). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 3814. A bill to disqualify from operating a commercial motor vehicle for life an individual who uses a commercial motor vehicle in committing a felony involving human trafficking (Rept. 115–468). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2465. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to make permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare program with respect to speech generating devices (Rept. 115–469, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1350. A bill to modify the boundary of Voyageurs National Park in the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–470). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4375. A bill to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–471). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4254. A bill to amend the National Science Foundation Authorization Act of 2002 to strengthen the aerospace workforce pipeline by the promotion of Robert Noyce Teacher Scholarship Program and National Aeronautics and Space Administration internship and fellowship opportunities to women, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–472). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 4323. A bill to promote veteran involvement in STEM education, computer science, and scientific research, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–473). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 667. A resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles II and V of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3312) to amend the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to specify when bank holding companies may be subject to certain enhanced supervision, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 115–474). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 2465 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4666. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for a Patient and State Stability Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 4667. A bill making further supplemental appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, for disaster assistance for Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and calendar year 2017 wildfires, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CHABOT (for himself and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 4668. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for the establishment of a enhanced cybersecurity assistance and protections for small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Mr. COHEN (for himself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 4669. A bill to ensure independent investigations by allowing judicial review of the removal of a special counsel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CONNOLLY (for himself and Mr. KATKO ): H.R. 4670. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide authority for certain members of the Armed Forces to transfer entitlement to Post9/11 Educational Assistance to their dependents; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 4671. A bill to assist and incentivize organic agriculture by expanding its access to, and eligibility for, Federal rural development and agricultural loan programs; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself, Mr. PALLONE , and Mrs. T ORRES ): H.R. 4672. A bill to further deployment of Next Generation 911 services to enhance and upgrade the Nation’s 911 systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for herself, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mrs. B USTOS ): H.R. 4673. A bill to create opportunities for women in the aviation industry; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4674. A bill to amend the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 to require Members of Congress to reimburse the Treasury for payments of awards and settlements under such Act which are made in connection with claims of sexual harassment committed by the Members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. WEBER of Texas): H.R. 4675. A bill to amend the Energy Policy Act of 2005 to provide for a lowdose radiation basic research program; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 4676. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to prescribe regulations to expand sanctions against persons owned or controlled by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Mr. KELLY of Mississippi): H.R. 4677. A bill to improve certain programs of the Small Business Administration to better assist small business customers in accessing broadband technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4678. A bill to permit the District of Columbia to make payments pursuant to contingency fee arrangements entered into by the Attorney General of the District of Columbia for the provision of legal services in claims and other legal mattes affecting the interests of the District of Columbia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. REICHERT ): H.R. 4679. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for improvements to coverage and payment under the Medicare program for new drugs, devices, and technology; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POLIS: H. Con. Res. 97. Concurrent resolution Directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 1; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4666. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: H.R. 4667. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The principal constitutional authority for this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. CHABOT: H.R. 4668. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. COHEN: H.R. 4669. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clauses 9 and 18 By Mr. CONNOLLY: H.R. 4670. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 4671. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 4672. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 4673. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section VIII of the U.S. Constitution. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 4674. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, of the Constitution. By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 4675. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MCCAUL: H.R. 4676. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1; and Article I, section 8, clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 4677. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 4678. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. REED: H.R. 4679. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 173: Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 233: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 389: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 502: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois and Mr. DENT. H.R. 620: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. B UDD, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 681: Mr. BIGGS and Mr. H OLDING . H.R. 719: Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, and Mrs. B LACK BURN . H.R. 809: Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 858: Mr. CARSON of Indiana. H.R. 881: Mr. RUIZand Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 909: Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 1159: Mr. FASO and Mr. S MITH of Texas. H.R. 1225: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 1243: Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1251: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 1299: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 1528: Mr. ELLISON and Ms. S HEAPORTER. H.R. 1606: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 1783: Ms. DELAURO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. JONES , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 1815: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 1861: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 1874: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 1905: Mr. CLAY. H.R. 2016: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 2045: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 2079: Mr. CRIST. H.R. 2152: Mrs. ROBY and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia. H.R. 2219: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 2234: Mr. BOSTand Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2475: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 2526: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 2641: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 2740: Mr. MEEKS , Ms. E SHOO , Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2790: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2832: Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. DESANTIS , and Mr. G OHMERT . H.R. 3010: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 3127: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3128: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 3222: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 3282: Ms. TENNEY and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 3330: Mr. DESJARLAIS . H.R. 3415: Mr. DONOVAN . H.R. 3605: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3635: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 3730: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 3759: Mr. CICILLINE , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. CA´RDENAS , and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 3767: Ms. PINGREE and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3773: Ms. PINGREE and Ms. D ELAURO . H.R. 3866: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 3976: Mr. BERA, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. BLUM, and Mr. R USH. H.R. 3990: Mr. STEWART and Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 3994: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 4007: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. KILDEE , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S EAN PATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. WELCH , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. ESHOO , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. L EE, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 4044: Mrs. COMSTOCK and Mr. C OSTA . H.R. 4082: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4143: Mr. SOTO, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. NORTON . H.R. 4147: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4179: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 4190: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER and Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 4207: Ms. DEGETTE . H.R. 4229: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. STEWART , Mr. E MMER , and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 4238: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 4240: Mr. DOGGETT . H.R. 4242: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 4253: Mr. RASKIN and Mr. C ICILLINE . H.R. 4265: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4319: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 4323: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4327: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 4426: Mr. ELLISON . H.R. 4427: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4429: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 4444: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. LIPINSKI , and Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN . H.R. 4459: Mr. FASO. H.R. 4473: Mr. PETERS and Mr. B YRNE . H.R. 4474: Ms. BARRAGA ´Nand Mr. S IRES. H.R. 4541: Ms. DELBENE, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. F RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4545: Mr. LUCAS . H.R. 4546: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4547: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. R ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 4548: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4565: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. T URNER . H.R. 4585: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. NEAL. H.R. 4608: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 4613: Mr. FLORES . H.R. 4636: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 4661: Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. D UNN, Mr. MARSHALL , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of Cali fornia, Mr. KINZINGER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, and Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana. H. J. Res. 120: Mr. ALGREEN of Texas. H. Res. 15: Mr. BILIRAKIS and Mr. G ONZALEZ  of Texas. H. Res. 220: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. GROTHMAN . H. Res. 256: Mr. STIVERS . H. Res. 495: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H. Res. 632: Mr. KILDEE . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8051 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, DECEMBER 18, 2017 No. 206 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 