Mr. COURTNEY. Madam Speaker, as we stand in the House Chamber today, over 4,000 U.S. military personnel are bringing the fight to ISIL terrorists in Iraq. Navy and Air Force pilots, Special Forces, and advisers are working hand in hand with Iraqis and Kurds to eject ISIL from Mosul, the city they declared 3 years ago as the capital of their caliphate. Great progress has been made. Supported by thousands of U.S. air strikes, the eastern half of the city has been reclaimed by the forces of the civilized world and efforts are underway to finish the job in western Mosul. Madam Speaker, none of this could have been done without the help of brave Iraqi interpreters who are essential to communicating all of the pieces of these operations. As a member of the House Armed Services Committee, I am proud that from 2008 to 2016, we passed and repassed a special immigration visa program to open the door of immigration to the U.S. for these interpreters as a safe haven, and also as a reward for putting their lives at risk and making sure that our troops can communicate safely and effectively in their operations. Incredibly, on Friday, with one stroke of the pen, President Trump slammed the door shut on that program because he canceled all visa programs from Iraq. If anyone could imagine a more demoralizing way to undercut the anti ISIL alliance at such a critical time, Friday’s order won the prize; and we are hearing from military commanders who are over there in Iraq talking about the blowback that is coming from our allies that were literally underway in real operations in real time. We, in Congress, need to stop this order for the sake of our standing in the world as a beacon of hope and freedom and, if for nothing else, to support our troops and their allies in harm’s way. 
SUPPORT OF SHORTTERM PROGRAM BANNING IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Madam Speaker, the rhetoric coming from my colleagues across the aisle and the liberal media regarding President Trump’s executive order to strengthen American’s immigration policy is harmful to our country and is placing law enforcement professionals at risk due to incited protests. The fact is that President Trump is protecting America by strengthening our vetting procedures. The details of his order clearly state that the allowed level of immigrants from the affected foreign nations is essentially the average rate of the 15 years before President Obama’s dangerous expansion of the program in 2016. President Trump’s executive order has simply restored sanity to America’s immigration policy. It was President Obama who, against all reasonable consideration, put the American citizenry at risk in 2016 by his massive expansion of immigration from nations that are known to produce radical Islamic terrorists. Thank God that President Trump has upheld his oath to protect American lives. This order puts a temporary pause on immigration from seven countries: Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, and Somalia. The governments in these countries are either hostile to the United States, or presently in great turmoil. As a professional law enforcement officer for the last 13 years, I paid very close attention to the insane policies that put American citizens and American police at risk. I have watched carefully and prayerfully as terror attack after terror attack has shed American blood on American soil, and I have been privy to many jihadist plots that were stopped because of the dedicated courage and skilled law enforcement investigators; the same cops that have been for years maligned, attacked, and murdered across our Nation by Americans incited to violence by dangerously irresponsible rhetoric from the left. 
It is clear to me that the status quo immigration policy will not control the threat, and I am thankful that President Trump is using his office to reverse the madness that preceded him. America’s war against terror should never invoke partisan revolt. We, as members of the people’s House, must recognize that the American people are not willing to accept radical Islamic terror within our borders—from immigrants or anyone else—as a fact of American life. President Trump’s executive order for a shortterm ban on entry from countries that are known to foster jihadists, combined with a systematic review of our immigration and vetting procedures is both necessary and reasonable. Madam Speaker, the time for weakness has passed. Now is the time for strength and courage. Now is the time to reform our border control and immigration policies. President Trump’s order is not a betrayal of American values. His actions inspire hope to the millions of Americans who have watched our Nation decline over the past decade, watched helplessly, as radical Islamic horror has gripped the world and, unbelievably, been allowed into our own Nation with wanton disregard. Now is the time for America to embrace its rightful place as leader of the free world. The President’s executive order to strengthen our immigration policies are reflective of the timeless wisdom of peace through strength. It protects the American citizenry, preserves American values, reassures America’s allies, and ensures America’s future. 
STAND UP AGAINST EXECUTIVE ORDER ON IMMIGRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) for 5 minutes. Mr. HIMES. Madam Speaker, this Sunday I was out on the road amongst my constituents when at about midday, I started to get panicked emails from the doctors of Yale New Haven Hospital because one of their own, Tarek Alasil, an ophthalmologist of Syrian dissent, an ophthalmologist who has made his home here in the United States, who has U.S. citizen children, who has his family in New Haven, had been detained in the Caribbean in the Bahamas. He had been in the Caribbean doing cataract surgery for people who might otherwise not have access to the surgery that might allow them to see again; stepping forward, as all that we think is best about a country that was founded and strengthened by immigrants abroad, doing God’s work as an ambassador—informal, though, he may have been—that America is a good and decent place. But he was detained and sat there in the Bahamas detained by the customs and border patrol, wondering if he would ever see his family again, wondering if he might ever become the United States citizen that he hoped to be, wondering if he was going to get sent back to his native city of Aleppo, which now is a smoking ruin. Of course, we hear story after story like that. The worst I heard was an elderly lady in her eighties, Hamidyah Al Saeedi. Hamidyah Al Saeedi has a son who is a sergeant in the 82nd Airborne. She hadn’t seen Sergeant Al Saeedi for 5 years, and she was on her way to the United States to see her son, a sergeant in the United States Army, for the first time in 5 years. She spent 33 hours in detention; some of those hours handcuffed—this mother of an 82nd Airborne soldier—because of the actions of Donald Trump. She thought she was going to be deported. She was told she would be deported. Thank God she wasn’t, this mother of an 82nd Airborne soldier. Madam Speaker, I serve on the Intelligence Committee and have for some 4 years. I know a little something about national security, and the executive order signed by President Trump on Saturday is not only about national security, it is profoundly dangerous to the security of this country because it gives our enemies a logic to say the United States is bigoted; it is anti Muslim; and it does not stand for its principles. What is this executive order? It is a travesty. It is dangerous security theater. It is a knife in the heart of the values that founded this country. What it is most assuredly not is a mechanism to keep us safer. It opens with a preamble on 9/11—a devastating day for all of us. Yet, not one of the countries that produced the 9/11 hijackers is on the list of countries affected by this order. How do you explain that? All over the world right now radical Muslims are saying: We told you so. And we are hearing this from our generals. We are hearing this from our national security experts; not one of whom has stood up and said that this is a good idea which will keep us safer. It comes at a huge cost to our country. The costs to our values that we are a decent country are incalculable and we will be bearing them for a long time. We are the Congress of the United States. We are the House of Representatives. We are the people’s House. Article I of the Constitution—now is the time to stand up against this madness. I plead with my Republican colleagues: Now is the time to stand up for national security, for safety, and for the values enshrined by the Constitution to which we all pledged an oath. I understand I am a Democrat, so maybe I don’t have that much credibility with my Republican colleagues. Let me quote to you what Eliot Cohen, noted conservative, national security strategist, former State Department official said: ‘‘Either you stand up for your principles and for what you know is decent behavior, or you go down, if not now, then years from now, as a coward or opportunist. Your reputation will never recover, nor should it.’’ History is staring us in the face right now. It doesn’t happen very often, but it is staring us in the face right now. And when history stares you in the face, that is not a gaze that wavers. It stays for generations. And how you respond to that gaze and how you behave will be the stuff of the stories of your children and your grandchildren. So now is the time for the Congress of the United States to stand up to the bigotry, to the national security theater, to the destruction of our values, with legislation that reverses this travesty of a decision that we saw this weekend. f 
SURVIVOR TINA FRUNDT—FIGHTS THE HUMAN TRAFFICKERS AND RESCUES VICTIMS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, she was a 14yearold girl when she was forced into sex trafficking. Her name is Tina Frundt. Like so many other trafficking victims, she was lured away from the safety of her home—a home nearby to this United States Capitol—and she was lured away by a man she thought she knew, and she trusted him. He sweettalked her and promised her a perfect life somewhere far away. He was a smoothtalking, slick con artist, tempting her with gifts and affection just to get her into the slave trade. Her blissful, happy, and trusting world view all came crashing down when she found herself in a dark motel room surrounded by unfamiliar men in an unfamiliar city. The trafficker forced her to have sex with the men for money. When she refused to have sex, the men just raped her. They stole her dignity, her selfrespect, and her happy spirit. b1215 Tina had become a slave on the marketplace of sex trafficking. These disgusting predators used the innocence of children to force them into the horrific life of sex trafficking. Most cannot imagine the depths of the suffering and abuse Tina suffered during the next year. She was forced to have sex with over 18 men a day. When she fell short of the mandatory $500 daily quota, she was beaten and beaten and humiliated. Her life consisted of cigarette burns, broken arms, broken fingers, and intimidation. Tina was arrested, treated as a delinquent, and was shuttled from one jailhouse to another. Tina and other victims of human trafficking are victims of crime—they are not criminals; they are not juvenile prostitutes. Under the law, juveniles cannot commit the crime of prostitution. These victims do not belong in the criminal justice system. It is the 
vile traffickers and buyers who belong behind bars. In fact, we built jails and prisons for these deviants. Stories like Tina’s are common in our Nation. Sex trafficking just does not happen in foreign countries. As co chair of the Congressional Victims’ Rights Caucus, along with my friend JIMCOSTA and coauthor of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, along with CAROLYN MALONEY , it seems to me that, in America, human trafficking victims need to be identified, rescued, and not abandoned. The Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act does three things: it prosecutes the traffickers—the slave traders—and it locks them up. It prosecutes the buyers in that it punishes them like the traffickers; it rescues the victims and treats them as victims, not as criminals; finally, it establishes a fund that is paid by the traffickers and the buyers to help treat and restore victims with longterm care. Let those crooks pay for the system they have created, and let them pay the rent on the courthouse. America cannot let young girls be bought and sold on the streets of our Nation. These predators are everywhere. They are not old men in trench coats but are young, goodlooking guys who are well versed in their vile trade. Their next victim could be anybody’s daughter or wife. No human being should ever have to endure what Tina and other trafficking victims like her have gone through. Tina was able to escape her slave trader, and she has become a survivor. Tina, along with many other survivors, has found a way to turn her darkness of hell into a light for good. Recently, I was honored to tour Courtney’s House, which is a shelter right here in Washington, D.C., that Tina founded to rescue and support trafficking victims. She actively uses her personal experience to connect with those girls and give them support, nourishment, hope—things that they need. Since 2008, Courtney’s House has helped over 500 victims escape the bonds of sex slavery and become survivors. In this Human Trafficking Awareness Month, I wish to commend Tina’s leadership and zeal in helping other victims become survivors. Tina is inspiringly courageous. Victims and survivors should know that we as a society stand with them and by them; and let the law put the traffickers and buyers in jail. Madam Speaker, justice demands such. And that is just the way it is. 
THIS IS NOT WHO WE ARE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KILDEE. Madam Speaker, this is not who we are. The executive order that the President is executing does not reflect our American values. It is not consistent with a clear statement in our Constitution that we do not discriminate on the basis of national origin, that we do not discriminate on the basis of religion. Read the executive order. It does those precise things. But there are other foundational documents that contradict what the President is executing. Matthew 25: ‘‘I was a stranger, and you invited me in. . . . ’’ This policy is morally bankrupt. It is an attempt to pander to narrow voices to which this President promised a Muslim ban. He went to Rudy Giuliani and asked how to do a Muslim ban, and this is what they came up with. Make no mistake. This is not who we are. Not only is it morally wrong— against everything we have been taught about who we are as a country— but this administration has been dangerously incompetent in how it is even implementing this misguided policy— secretive. I saw a White House spokesman this morning admit that they kept this secret from the very people who are going to be asked to implement this wrongheaded policy. It is morally wrong, and it is being administered in a dangerously incompetent way. Most importantly, this policy will not make us safe. This unconstitutional executive order will make us less safe. What is the message we are trying to send—that we are an intolerant Nation? that, if you happen to have different beliefs, you are not welcome here? People who are literally being handcuffed are people who have a legal right to be in the United States of America. We cannot normalize this. We cannot accept this as simply a difference of opinion over how to secure our borders. It makes us less secure to send a message to the world that we are this narrow and—yes—bigoted Nation. We are not that. Even for many of those people who supported this President, this is not what they voted for. I ask my colleagues to, for God’s sake, speak up. Join the faith leaders who are speaking up against this terrible, unconstitutional policy. Join the business leaders who are saying this is wrong. Join your own Republican colleagues—many in an increasing number—who are having the courage to stand up against the President of their own party and say ‘‘no.’’ This is not who we are. This does not reflect who we are. This is morally wrong. This is constitutionally wrong, and this is dangerous. History will judge where people who sit in this House stood on this day on this question. Stand with your fellow Americans. Stand with the Constitution. Stand with those who are willing to speak up and speak truth to power and say this is wrong, that this is not America. This must end now. Add your voice to that chorus. Be on the right side of history. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 23 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DENHAM ) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Loving God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. Bless the Members of this assembly as they set upon the important work that faces them. Help them to make wise decisions in a good manner and to carry their responsibilities steadily with high hopes for a better future for our great Nation. May the desire to act speedily to implement promises made while campaigning not prevent the careful consideration of all possible outcomes in the governing process. Send Your spirit of wisdom and discernment upon them in their work. May Your blessing, O God, be with all of our leaders this day and every day to come, and may all we do be done for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. BARRAGA´N led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
THE SHAME ACT SHAMES TRAFFICKERS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, those dastardly deviants that are in the slave trade of human sex trafficking try to dehumanize their victim. Victims sometimes lose their selfworth and dignity of existence. Last Congress, the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, led by CAROLYNMALONEY and me, was enacted to go after traffickers and buyers to rescue victims. Now it is time to expose 
the identity of convicted traffickers and sellers of human beings. That is why Mrs. MALONEY and I have introduced the Shame Act. The Shame Act allows Federal judges to publicly publish the names and photographs of convicted traffickers and buyers. Shaming works. I successfully used it as a judge in Texas. Dubbed ‘‘poetic justice’’ by the media, I learned the last thing criminals want are their faces and crimes exposed to the public. It is time to let traffickers and buyers know they cannot hide their evil and the darkness. Put their photographs on billboards. Shame them. Shame them for their slave trade. And that is just the way it is. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the names of the organizations that support the Shame Act. 
1. Polaris. 2. The International Organization for Victim Assistance. 3. Shared Hope. 4. The National Organization for Victim Assistance. 5. The Texas Centers for Child Advocacy. 6. The Texas Court Appointed Special Advocates. 7. Stop Child Predators. 8. The Family Focused Treatment Association. f 
BAN ON REFUGEES (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because of what we saw happening this weekend. President Trump’s executive order is unconstitutional, unAmerican, and unlawful. I myself went to Los Angeles International Airport on Saturday night, and what I saw was shocking to me. I saw Fatema coming in from an airline—a legal, permanent resident in this country, who came with her 1 yearold son who is an American citizen—being detained with the threat of being deported and pressured to sign to give up her right to be a legal permanent resident. I was fighting to get to her, to make sure she had legal counsel, to make sure that she had that opportunity, and I was unsuccessful. Despite me and another Member being there, the Customs and Border Protection wouldn’t even talk to us. They wouldn’t give us a briefing. They merely hung up on us. Mr. Speaker, this is wrong. This provision is discriminatory based on religion and nationality. This did not only affect a small number of travelers; this affected families; this affected lawyers and volunteers who came out in the masses. I hope the President will see. I will work to ensure the Federal Government obeys the Constitution, respects our history as a nation of immigrants, and does not unlawfully target anyone because of their national origin or faith. RECOGNIZING THE DISTINGUISHED SERVICE WORK OF SCOTT CHESTER GRAVES (Mr. CONAWAY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank a long time member of my staff, Scott Graves, for his 12 years of service on Capitol Hill. Scott has worked in numerous capacities, starting as an agriculture legislative assistant and then as a legislative director, then as my chief of staff, and, most recently, as staff director at the House Committee on Agriculture. He is a wellrespected and accomplished leader; and though he is moving on, I know he will continue to accomplish great things for American agriculture. Scott has been my righthand man for many years, helping me navigate the complexities of the 2008 and 2014 farm bills, serving as an adviser when I chaired the House Committee on Ethics, and keeping the wheels running in both my personal office and the Agriculture Committee. Although much of his work was done behind the scenes, my colleagues and I knew we could always count on Scott to get results. Beyond his many professional attributes, I will certainly miss his wit and humor. I am very proud of him, and I wish Scott, Haley, Bronte, and a unit to be named this summer the very best. I want to thank him for his loyalty and dedication to public service, and I wish him Godspeed in the next chapter of his life. 
OPEN YOUR HEARTS TO THE REST OF THE WORLD (Mr. CAPUANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, this is my first 1minute in 20 years—first one—and I am here today to basically call out my colleagues who remained silent this weekend as Lady Liberty shed tears. It is not about extreme vetting. No one has concerns about punching it up a little bit. This weekend we took people from around this world who are legally, legally, legally coming to our country, many of whom have been through every single vetting we can give them. We embarrassed ourselves and them in what we did this weekend. Where is the terror threat from a 5 yearold child? Where is the terror threat from a professor coming to MIT or a research scientist coming in? There is none. Not one of the seven countries mentioned provided one single terrorist. And for those people who say, I am here just to protect our country, I have been in Boston all of my life. The largest numbers of people came out from New York City and Boston. It was our people who lost their lives, yet we remain humanistic and openhearted. Open your hearts to the rest of the world. f 
NEW ADMINISTRATION IS COMMITTED TO MILITARY READINESS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Friday, President Donald Trump took lifesaving action to begin the muchneeded process of rebuilding our military. For the past 5 years, the failed policy of defense sequestration has forced our military to endure extreme reductions, dangerously affecting equipment, personnel, and training readiness. Under the order, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis will review all aspects of military readiness. As chairman of the House Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness, with four sons who have served overseas, I especially appreciate President Trump’s commitment to rebuilding the military. It is critical for American families to ensure that our troops have the resources and training to accomplish their missions. This order is a positive first step, and I look forward to working alongside President Donald Trump, Vice President MIKEPENCE , Speaker P AULRYAN, and Chairman MACTHORNBERRY as we ensure our troops have the resources they need to promote peace through strength. God bless our troops. We will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Thank you, President Donald Trump, for vetting refugees to protect American families. 
HONORING FRED KOREMATSU DAY (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Fred Korematsu Day. I could hardly imagine a more relevant time to celebrate his fight for freedom and equality. When the United States incarcerated 115,000 Japanese Americans during World War II, including my parents and grandparents, Fred Korematsu resisted Executive Order 9066 and courageously stood up for the oppressed when few others would. History often forces us to ask ourselves: How would we have acted if we lived in that moment? Through the President’s recent executive order, we no longer have to wonder. How you react to the Muslim ban today is how you would have reacted to the imprisonment of my grandparents and parents 75 years ago. If you are silent today, you would have been silent 
then. If you are complicit today, you would have been complicit then. This great institution is facing an enormous test of our commitment to liberty and justice for all. Let our children and grandchildren look back and see that we passed that test. 
LIMIT NASA’S CLIMATE AGENDA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, NASA has given us a good reason to limit the amount of funds the agency gets for climate change. They recently claimed that a landslide in Alaska, fires in Yellowstone National Park in 1988, and a drought in California were all due to climate change. But extreme weather events actually had been declining over the last few decades at the same time that carbon emissions have been increasing. That NASA has played so fast and loose with the facts with the clear intent to mislead the American people shows why they can’t be trusted with hardearned taxpayers’ dollars. Cervantes wrote in Don Quixote that ‘‘one swallow doesn’t make a summer.’’ Well, one weather event doesn’t presage climate change disaster. Ignore the media’s exaggerations, the alarmists’ predictions, and scientists trying to scare men, women, and small children. As for NASA, let’s get them out of hyping climate change and back to exploring space. 
RECOGNIZING KARLASUE MARRIOTT (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Dr. KarlaSue Marriott, associate professor of chemistry and forensic science at Savannah State University. Dr. Marriott has made groundbreaking chemical discoveries to help millions of people with Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, and ALS. Dr. Marriott began her work at Savannah State in 2006, after completing a postdoctoral fellowship at Clemson University. In 2010, while at Savannah State, she applied for a grant with the National Institutes of Health, which allowed her to research dopamine and sigma receptors in the brain. It was through this research that Dr. Marriott discovered the chemical compound called benzofuran. Benzofuran has the ability to target and activate signal receptors in the brain, while leaving other central nervous system receptors alone. This has the potential to reduce the impact of various neurological diseases. However, Dr. Marriott’s work is not done. She will continue her research to discover the full potential of her compound and the benefits it can provide. I am proud to recognize Dr. Marriott today, and I am thankful for the work she is doing at Savannah State University. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 4:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 13 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1630 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky) at 4 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, wow, just listening to my good friend from California explain and give us a description of what happened in the life of this American hero, Sergeant Sky Mote, I am truly touched by the many other stories that I have heard from families of our men and women in uniform, our veterans in service of our country. And as we have just heard, this bill designates a mountain peak in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra National Forest in California as ‘‘Sky Point’’ in recognition of a fallen Marine Corps Staff Sergeant Sky Mote. Sky served our country honorably as a U.S. marine for 9 years. He had a tour of duty in Iraq and two in Afghanistan. By designating that mountain as ‘‘Sky Point,’’ it will honor his memory and ensure his selfless sacrifice for his country and fellow marines is not forgotten. We passed this legislation last Congress by voice vote, and I urge that we do the same again today. I thank my good friend, the distinguished gentleman from California, for introducing this bill today. As I have no further speakers, Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his kind and good words and urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 381. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS ECONOMIC EXPANSION ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 339) to amend Public Law 94– 241 with respect to the Northern Mariana Islands. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 339 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. COMMONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS: TRANSITIONAL WORKERS. 
Section 6 of Public Law 94–241 (48 U.S.C. 1806) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(6), by striking ‘‘$150’’ and inserting ‘‘$200’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(2)— (A) by striking the period at the end of the first sentence and inserting ‘‘, except a permit for construction occupations (as that term is defined by the Department of Labor as Standard Occupational Classification Group 47–0000 or any successor provision) shall only be issued to extend a permit first issued before October 1, 2015.’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end of the third sentence and inserting ‘‘, except that for fiscal year 2017 the number of permits issued shall not exceed 15,000.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has before it H.R. 339, sponsored by Congressman SABLAN of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. The House passed an identical bill this past December just before the conclusion of the 114th Congress. However, that bill was unable to pass the Senate and make it to the President’s desk for signature before the end of that Congress, and so I am here today to once again urge the bill’s passage through the House and on to the Senate. The Northern Mariana Islands are benefiting by new investment and growth of consumer spending, particularly in tourism. Their economic growth rate is almost twice that of the rest of our country. To meet this growth, the Commonwealth has to maintain a workforce to match it. Currently, the Northern Marianas is phasing out the use of foreign workers by slowly reducing the total number of CW–1 permits issued by the Department of Homeland Security. Economic growth is dynamic, but bureaucracy is not. If the CW–1 permits are phased out too quickly, the islands may suffer a growthstopping shortage of labor. This bill would provide flexibility to the Commonwealth in order to protect its newfound economic prosperity in three critical ways: First, it would fund ongoing vocational education curricula and program development to assure a skilled domestic workforce funded from an increase in CW–1 fees from $150 to $200. Second, it would limit the CW–1 permits for construction occupation to those issued prior to October 1 of 2015. And third, it would temporarily increase the number of CW–1 permits during this transition period. Mr. Speaker, these changes will continue to accommodate the economic growth in the Northern Marianas, while assuring a trained domestic workforce for the future. I would urge adoption of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman ROBBISHOP for allowing my bill to come to the floor again. We passed the same bill in the House on December 6, but the Senate adjourned 3 days later without acting, and the problem has not gone away. The economy of the Northern Mariana Islands grew 3.5 percent last year, the fourth straight year of growth for my district. This strong economic expansion is good news for the people I represent. We desperately want this growth to continue because our economy is still smaller than it was in 2000. The Northern Mariana Islands Economic Expansion Act addresses that problem and is broadly supported back home. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  letters of support from Governor Ralph Deleon Guerrero Torres of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; from the Commonwealth’s Strategic Economic Development Council; the Commonwealth Healthcare Corporation; the Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands; and from the Saipan Chamber of Commerce. 
CNMI S TRATEGIC ECONOMIC  DEVELOPMENT COUNCIL , December 1, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : The CNMI Strategic Economic Development Committee is in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage threatening the growth of the Northern Marianas economy. The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis indicates the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year, a recent high of 3.5 percent. This is attributable to increased private investment and tourism now threatened by the lack of available qualified workers on the island. The modest oneyear increase in CommonwealthOnly Transitional Workers (CW) proposed under H.R. 6401, will provide the business community with the necessary human resources to continue to operate and propel an expanding economy. It is imperative that we do not stymie our plan for fixture economic growth, now beginning to come to frutition, with a labor shortage in critical areas. The bill also provides additional funds for the job training/education programs proven effective at expanding the pool of qualified and skilled U.S. workers in the CNMI. The CNMI Strategic Economic Development Council fully supports H.R. 6401 and appreciates all of your efforts in addressing the labor crisis in the Northern Marianas. Very truly yours, ALEXANDER A. S ABLAN , Sub Committee Chairman, Labor & CW Task Force, CNMI Strategic Economic Development Committee. 
SAIPAN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE , December 2, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : The Saipan Chamber of Commerce is in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage threatening the growth of the Northern Marianas economy. The U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis indicates the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year, a recent high of 3.5 percent. This is attributable to increased private investment and tourism now threatened by the lack of available qualified workers on the island. The modest oneyear increase in CommonwealthOnly Transitional Workers (CW) proposed under H.R. 6401, will provide the business community with the necessary human resources to continue to operate and propel an expanding economy. It will also provide additional critical funds for job training and education programs that are steadily expanding the pool of qualified and skilled U.S. workers on Saipan. The Saipan Chamber of Commerce fully supports H.R. 6401 and appreciates all of your efforts in addressing the labor crisis in the Northern Marianas. Very truly yours, VELMA M. P ALACIOS , President of the Board, Saipan Chamber of Commerce. 
HOTEL ASSOCIATION OF THE  NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS , December 2, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN SABLAN : The Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands is in strong support of H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage threatening the growing hospitality industry in the Northern Marianas. Due in large part to increased private investment and tourism the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis recently announced that the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year. However, our hotel and resort properties are in critical need of labor, particularly those with skills and experience in the hospitality industry, culinary arts and property maintence. The inability of employers to renew or hire new CommonwealthOnly Transitional Workers (CW) threatens their continued operations and chills future investment in our islands. The modest oneyear increase in CWs, proposed under H.R. 6401, will allow the hospitality industry to continue to provide first class service to our tourists. The Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands fully supports H.R. 6401 and appreciates all of your efforts in addressing the labor crisis in the Northern Marianas. Very truly yours, GLORIA CAVANAGH , Chairman, Hotel Association of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
COMMONWEALTH HEALTHCARE CORPORATION , COMMONWEALTH OF THE  NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS , December 2, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO ‘‘KILILI’’ CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR CONGRESSMAN SABLAN : Commonwealth Healthcare Corporation (CHCC) is in strong support of H.R. 6401. This critical legislation would provide an increase in the FY 2017 limit on Commonwealthonly Transitional Workers (CW) and allow the CHCC to petition for renewal of 39 essential healthcare workers impacted when the CW cap was reached just two weeks into the Fiscal Year. Our Commonwealth Health Center (CHC) is the only hospital in the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas, providing inpatient and outpatient acute, chronic, and emergency health care services to the people of the CNMI. We also maintain community health centers on the populated islands of Saipan, Tinian, and Rota. Our ability to continue to provide these essential onisland health care services, and maintain quality patient care and safety as well as maintain overall public health, depends on being able to maintain current staffing levels and specialized expertise. Without an increase to the CW cap this year, CHC stands to lose the services and experience of 34 staff nurses, two infection control nurses, a clinical laboratory scientist and specialists in mammography and ultrasonography. For the foregoing reasons, we are in full support H.R. 6401 and are grateful for your work in addressing this critical health care issue. Sincerely, ESTHER L. M UNA, Chief Executive Officer. 
COMMONWEALTH OF THE  NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS , December 4, 2016. Hon. GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN SABLAN : I write to support H.R. 6401, critical legislation that will provide shortterm relief from the labor shortage facing the Commonwealth that threatens our growing economy and public health. The latest report from Bureau of Economic Analysis indicates the Commonwealth economy grew for the fourth consecutive year. A growing economy needs a qualified workforce. And while there are now more U.S. workers than foreign workers in the Northern Marianas for the first time in decades, there are still not enough to meet the labor demand. The temporary increase in the number of CommonwealthOnly Transitional (CW) workers provided in your bill will particularly help small businesses retain the workers needed to maintain operations. Most importantly, the Commonwealth’s only hospital, stand to lose critical staff including 34 staff nurses, two infection control nurses, a clinical laboratory scientist and specialists in mammography, ultrasonography without the relief provided in H.R. 6401. Building a qualified U.S. workforce in the Northern Marianas is a priority for my administration. The CW worker fee increase in the legislation will provide additional funding for efforts to recruit, educate, and train these workers and establish a permanent pool of workers to fill local jobs. H.R. 6401 is critical to continued economic growth in the Northern Marianas. The bill has my full support. Sincerely, RALPH DLG T ORRES , Governor. 
Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank again Chairman ROBBISHOP of the Natural Resources Committee for his understanding and support. I also thank Chairman DONYOUNG who held a hearing on this issue last September and agreed that action was needed. I appreciate the support of Ranking Member RAU´LGRIJALVA and our new Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs Subcommittee Ranking Member NORMA TORRES . Mr. Speaker, I am indebted to the minority whip, Mr. HOYER , and to the 
majority leader, Mr. M CCARTHY , and to my friend Mr. MCCLINTOCK of California who agreed to bring H.R. 339 to the floor today. I ask for support of H.R. 339. Having no further speakers, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I would urge the House to finish the work that it began in December by passing this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 339. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FORT ONTARIO STUDY ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 46) to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in the State of New York. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 46 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Fort Ontario Study Act’’. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) From 1755 until 1814, Fort Ontario and three previous fortifications built on the site of the Fort in Oswego, New York, on the shore of Lake Ontario were used as military installations during the French and Indian War, the Revolutionary War, and the War of 1812. (2) The original fort, erected by the British in 1755, was destroyed by French forces in 1756. The fort was rebuilt and subsequently destroyed during both the American Revolution and the War of 1812. The starshaped fort was constructed on the site of the original fortifications in the 1840s, with improvements made from 1863 through 1872. (3) The United States Armed Forces began expanding Fort Ontario in the early 20th century and by 1941, approximately 125 buildings stood at the fort. (4) On June 9, 1944, President Franklin D. Roosevelt announced that Fort Ontario would serve as the Nation’s only Emergency Refugee Camp during World War II. From August of 1944 until February 1946, nearly 1,000 refugees were sheltered at Fort Ontario. (5) Fort Ontario was conveyed from the Federal Government to the State of New York in 1946; it was used to house World War II veterans and their families and then converted to a State historic site in 1953. (6) A post cemetery containing the graves of 77 officers, soldiers, women, and children who served at Fort Ontario in war and peace is situated on the grounds of the fort. (7) In 1970, Fort Ontario was placed on the National Register of Historic Places. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in Oswego, New York. (b) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) consider other alternatives for preservation, protection, and interpretation of the lands by Federal, State, or local governmental entities, or private and nonprofit organizations; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations or any other interested individuals; (5) determine the effect of the designation of the site as a unit of the National Park System on existing commercial and recreational uses and the effect on State and local governments to manage those activities; (6) identify any authorities, including condemnation, that may compel or allow the Secretary to influence or participate in local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on nonFederal land if the site is designated a unit of the National Park System; and (7) identify cost estimates for any Federal acquisition, development, interpretation, operation, and maintenance associated with the alternatives. (c) APPLICABLE LAW.—The study authorized under subsection (a) shall be conducted in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are first made available for the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the findings of the study; and (2) any conclusions and recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Congressman JOHN KATKO of New York brings us H.R. 46, which authorizes the National Park Service to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in Oswego, New York, to evaluate the site’s national significance and determine the suitability of its designation as a unit of the National Park system. b1645 Fort Ontario was first established in 1755 to defend Americans during the French and Indian Wars. You might say it was the first time our Nation has dealt with organized terrorism. It played a role in the American Revolutionary War and the War of 1812 and served our country as a hospital, training facility, and a refugee center in the First and Second World Wars. In 1946, after nearly 200 years of active military use, Fort Ontario was transferred to the State of New York, which has operated and maintained it ever since. The House passed a nearly identical version of this legislation in the 114th Congress. I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill authorizes the National Park Service to conduct a special resource study of Fort Ontario in Oswego, New York. Fort Ontario was a military installation used during the French and Indian Wars, which was later used to house refugees fleeing the Nazi Holocaust during World War II. Many Americans remember our Nation’s role in World War II through events like the Invasion of Normandy or the Battle of Iwo Jima, closer to my district, which have been reimagined in film and memorialized in stone, but the story of Fort Ontario is an equally important component of our historical legacy. Providing physical refuge from persecution says as much about our national character as the bravery and sacrifice of the millions of Americans who were deployed overseas. The site has been managed as a New York State historic site since 1949 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1970. The study authorized by this bill will look into the best available options for the continued preservation and management of Fort Ontario, including the possibility of turning it into a unit of the National Park System. Fort Ontario has had many uses throughout our Nation’s history, and it has had a particularly relevant place in the story of Jewish Americans. As we work to ensure that our public lands tell the story of all Americans, Fort Ontario and its unique story could be a fitting addition. This bill passed the House last September but was, unfortunately, not acted upon by the Senate. I would like to thank Representative KATKO , the sponsor of this bill, for his continued efforts to ensure the Nation knows about the story of Fort Ontario. This is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ), the author of this measure. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank both gentlemen for their kind words about this truly unique historical fort in my district. 
Fort Ontario stood on the shores of Lake Ontario for over 260 years and now stands as a testament to the great history of central New York and the important role the region has played in our Nation’s history. The Fort has been involved in nearly every major American war, from the French and Indian Wars to World War II. From 1944 to 1946, Fort Ontario served as our Nation’s only emergency refugee camp, providing shelter to over 980 refugees during World War II. In recognition of the Fort’s use as a refugee shelter, primarily for Jewish people fleeing Hitler’s Europe, the site also hosts the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum. It is a truly unique fort in our country. Following World War II, the fort was transferred to the State of New York to house war veterans and their families until 1953. This unparalleled history would make Fort Ontario a unique asset to our National Park System. I am honored to have introduced this legislation, which takes the first steps toward ensuring Fort Ontario receives the national recognition it richly deserves. The Fort Ontario Study Act would commission a special resource study of Fort Ontario to evaluate the site’s national significance and determine the suitability of its designation as a part of the National Park System. Fort Ontario, now a national historic site in New York and listed on the National Register of Historic Places, draws residents of New York, visitors across the Nation, and, indeed, across the globe to experience the rich history of the fort and the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum. Designating the fort as a national park will not only preserve the unique history of the site, but also have the potential to grow tourism and strengthen our economy. I am proud to be a champion of this effort, and I credit this success to the countless individuals and organizations in Oswego, New York, and throughout the 24th District who have spent years working to preserve the history of Fort Ontario. These groups and individuals include the Friends of Fort Ontario, Paul Lear with New York State Parks, the Board of the Safe Haven Holocaust Refugee Shelter Museum, and the many volunteers that give so much of their time to this cause. Reflecting the importance of the fort to the entire region, I introduced this bill with Congresswoman TENNEY and Congresswoman SLAUGHTER . I would like to thank them both for their support, as well as Chairman BISHOP for working toward moving this legislation forward. I ask all of my colleagues to support H.R. 46, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to take quick action on this important legislation. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption and support of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, this is an important part of American history. It belongs in the National Park System. I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 46. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DUNGENESS CRAB FISHERY MANAGEMENT SUNSET PROVISION REMOVAL Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 374) to remove the sunset provision of section 203 of Public Law 105– 384, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 374 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 203 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to approve a governing international fishery agreement between the United States and the Republic of Poland, and for other purposes’’, approved November 13, 1998 (Public Law 105–384; 16 U.S.C. 1856 note), is amended— (1) by striking subsection (i); and (2) by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (i). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the House has before it H.R. 374, sponsored by our colleague, Congresswoman JAIME HERRERA  BEUTLER of Washington. This bipartisan, consensusbased legislation would permanently reauthorize the successful management of the Dungeness crab fisheries of Washington, Oregon, and California by these respective States. They have been doing so since 1980, and doing it well. This permanent reauthorization is broadly supported by commercial and recreational fishing organizations. It is an example of the maxim: ‘‘If it ain’t broke, don’t try and fix it.’’ I might add that these three States manage these fisheries in both Federal and State waters, and the management is funded by the participating States— a relief to the Federal Treasury. In the last Congress, the Congressional Budget Office estimated that an identical bill would save up to $1 million in discretionary Federal spending since State management would continue under this act. This bill is a win for the American taxpayer, a win for the seafood consumer, and a win for the three States involved. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 374 would reward the States of California, Oregon, and Washington for their long legacy of successful cooperative management of the West Coast Dungeness crab fishery in Federal waters. These States have, with oversight from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, managed this fishery sustainably, and this bill would make that management arrangement permanent. The specifics of the Dungeness crab fishery, including robust stock assessments, accurate catch reporting, and little conflict between commercial and recreational crabbers, make regional management a good choice. This is basically the opposite of a fishery like Gulf of Mexico red snapper, where there is a lack of cooperation among States and fishing sectors. I agree with the goals of this legislation, and I ask my colleagues to stand with me in support. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. BEUTLER ), the author of this legislation. Ms. BEUTLER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the West Coast Dungeness crab fishery agreement. This successful, twodecadesold tristate Dungeness crab management agreement expired on September 30, 2016. This bill simply extends the working management authority between Washington, Oregon, and California and makes this arrangement permanent. A similar measure passed the House last year with flying colors. For approximately two decades, these States have successfully overseen one of the most valuable fisheries in the Pacific Northwest. In 2014, fishermen delivered 53 million pounds of crab to market, totaling $170 million. This economic activity helps support more than 60,000 jobs related to the seafood industry in Washington alone. How has it maintained its success? The fishery has been managed in a sustainable, sciencebased way, and, importantly, it doesn’t cost taxpayers a 
dime. If we do not renew this agreement, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, says its management of this fishery will cost taxpayers $1.15 million per year. Simply put, this bill maintains local control of a crucial resource and ensures sustainability of the Dungeness crab fishery, all while saving taxpayer dollars. This bill is the kind of commonsense policy that those folks I represent at home in southwest Washington expect to see out of Washington, D.C. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP  and the House Natural Resources staff for bringing this bill to the floor. Passage of this bipartisan bill gives fishermen and coastal communities on the West Coast peace of mind. I urge the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill and to ensure a bright, sustainable economic future for coastal crabdependent communities like Ilwaco, Washington, and many others on the West Coast. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I want to commend the sponsor and the cosponsors of this bill, Congressman DEFAZIO, Congressman K ILMER, Congressman H UFFMAN , and many others that are supporting this legislation. This is important in that it promotes regional management. Today, this pertains to the Dungeness crab, a species that is largely native to the West Coast. In this case, what this legislation does is provide for regional management. It provides for an opportunity for the States of Washington, Oregon, and California to manage this species. The States are closer to the ground. They have closer, more intimate relationships with their fishers, and they can ensure that what is being done is in the best interests of those folks, the best interests of the public that they are closer to, and the best interests of the recreational and commercial fishers that fish this species. I think it is fantastic. As a matter of fact, Mr. Speaker, I think this exact model should be expanded. I think this exact model should be replicated not just in Washington, Oregon, and California; it should be replicated elsewhere, similar to how it is replicated for the Atlantic striped bass on the East Coast and the salmon in Alaska. This should be replicated to allow for States to be able to work together for regional management strategies to manage the species and to allow for more intimate, better public input to make sure that you have the appropriate balance between recreational and commercial fishers. I, again, want to commend the sponsor of this bill, Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER , and all the cosponsors. This is exactly what we need to be doing. We need to be expanding upon this model around the coastal States of this country. I urge adoption of this bill, I urge aggressive passage of this bill, and I urge the Senate to pass it as well. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 374, and I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 374. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1700 OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION ACT OF 2017 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 538) to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 538 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017’’. 
In this Act: (1) MAP.—The term ‘‘map’’ means the map entitled ‘‘Ocmulgee National Monument Proposed Boundary Adjustment, numbered 363/ 125996’’, and dated January 2016. (2) HISTORICAL PARK .—The term ‘‘Historical Park’’ means the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park in the State of Georgia, as redesignated in section 3. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Ocmulgee National Monument, established pursuant to the Act of June 14, 1934 (48 Stat. 958), shall be known and designated as ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to ‘‘Ocmulgee National Monument’’, other than in this Act, shall be deemed to be a reference to ‘‘Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The boundary of the Historical Park is revised to include approximately 2,100 acres, as generally depicted on the map. (b) AVAILABILITY OF MAP.—The map shall be on file and available for public inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service, the Department of the Interior. 
(a) L AND ACQUISITION .—The Secretary is authorized to acquire land and interests in land within the boundaries of the Historical Park by donation or exchange only (and in the case of an exchange, no payment may be made by the Secretary to any landowner). The Secretary may not acquire by condemnation any land or interest in land within the boundaries of the Historical Park. No private property or nonFederal public property shall be included within the boundaries of the newly expanded portion of the Historical Park under section 4(a) without the written consent of the owner of such property. (b) NOBUFFER ZONES .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Historical Park, or the management of the Historical Park shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Historical Park. That an activity or use can be seen or heard from within the Historical Park shall not preclude the conduct of that activity or use outside the Historical Park. 
The Secretary shall administer any land acquired under section 5 as part of the Historical Park in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a special resource study of the Ocmulgee River corridor between the cities of Macon, Georgia, and Hawkinsville, Georgia, to determine— (1) the national significance of the study area; (2) the suitability and feasibility of adding lands in the study area to the National Park System; and (3) the methods and means for the protection and interpretation of the study area by the National Park Service, other Federal, State, local government entities, affiliated federally recognized Indian tribes, or private or nonprofit organizations. (b) CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall conduct the study authorized by this Act in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) RESULTS OF STUDY .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate— (1) the results of the study; and (2) any findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Ocmulgee Mounds are among the oldest archaeological sites in our country. The earthworks date back before 1000 A.D., and the site has evidence of human habitation dating back to the ice age, some 17,000 years ago. Between the 10th and 12th centuries A.D., the site was occupied by a sophisticated society that we know as the Macon Plateau culture, which built earthen mounds up to 55 feet in height, representing a distinct political and cultural society. It is believed that Hernando de Soto recorded the site as the chiefdom of Ichisi in 1540. Just before the American Revolution, naturalist William Bartram marveled at ‘‘the wonderful remains of the power and grandeur of the ancients in this part of America.’’ H.R. 538, introduced by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), would redesignate the Ocmulgee National Monument in Georgia as the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park and adjust the boundary of the historical park to include approximately 2,100 new acres to be acquired by donation or exchange only. Additionally, the bill directs the Department of the Interior to conduct a special resource study to determine the feasibility of adding the Ocmulgee River corridor to the National Park System. The study will also examine the national significance of the site as well as the best methods and means for ensuring protection and interpretation of this area. The bill was passed by voice vote in the House in the 114th Congress. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of its passage today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the sponsor of the bill, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017. First, I thank the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) for yielding. And I thank the coauthor of the legislation, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTIN  SCOTT), my friend and colleague. He has been a tireless advocate on behalf of this legislation, and we would not be here today without his help and his advice. I also thank Chairman ROBBISHOP  and Ranking Member RAU´LGRIJALVA  from the full Committee on Natural Resources for their work in bringing this bill to the floor so early in the 115th Congress. In the 114th Congress, Chairman MCCLINTOCK and Ranking Member TSONGAS of the Subcommittee on Federal Lands were very helpful as well, and I commend them and their staffs, especially Terry Camp and Brandon Bragato, for their efforts. This legislation was approved last March by the full House of Representatives by voice vote. The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources also approved a companion bill, but it was not considered by the full Senate prior to the adjournment of the 114th Congress. Mr. Speaker, there are few, if any, historic sites in the United States that have evidence of continuous human habitation from so long ago when the first nomadic people came to North America to hunt ice age mammals and again to settle the Macon Plateau. It is what makes the Ocmulgee National Monument so unique. On its 702 acres, one can find archaeological evidence from these first nomads, the mound builders of the Mississippian Period, British traders of the late 17th century, as well as the Civil War period. Our bipartisan legislation consists of three parts. First, it will expand the boundaries from approximately 702 acres to over 2,800 acres, providing protection to additional archaeological resources, linking two currently noncontiguous areas and improving the site’s connection to the city of Macon, Georgia. Most of the land will be donated from nonprofit associations and government agencies. Property will also be acquired only from willing donors or willing sellers, subject to the availability of funding. Second, the bill would change the name from Ocmulgee National Monument to Ocmulgee Mounds National Historic Park, which would increase name recognition and draw additional visitors. Finally, H.R. 538 would authorize a resources study to explore the possibility of expanding the park even further and include additional opportunities for hunting, camping, fishing, and other recreational activities. The legislation enjoys widespread local support, including Macon mayor Robert Reichert, the Macon Chamber of Commerce, the MaconBibb Visitors Bureau, the MaconBibb Commission, the MaconBibb Economic Development Commission, the Ocmulgee National Park and Preserve Initiative, and the InterTribal Council of the Five Civilized Tribes: Cherokee, Chickasaw, Choctaw, Muscogee (Creek), and Seminole. In short, I believe that H.R. 538 will strengthen the current Ocmulgee National Monument and bolster the economy and cultural life of Georgia and beyond. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support the legislation and urge its passage. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. AUSTINSCOTT), the cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ). I know he has had a busy week, as I have, with his district being affected by the storms. I certainly want to take a second to thank America for their prayers and their support. It has been overwhelming. A tremendous number of churches have opened their doors, and there are volunteers out there helping people. I thank all who have participated. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017. I am happy this legislation is being considered before the full House in this Congress. I am hopeful we can reach an agreement with the Senate to pass this legislation and have it signed into law. For years, there has been a great effort to bring about increased recognition of the enhanced cultural preservation of the Ocmulgee National Monument. The Ocmulgee National Monument was originally authorized by Congress in 1934 to protect the Old Ocmulgee Fields, which includes a network of very well preserved Indian mounds of great historical importance. The history of the fields can be traced back to Native Americans who first came to the site during the PaleoIndian period to hunt ice age mammals. The park is unique in that it vividly displays the story of many stages of prehistoric cultural development, including the Mound Builder period and highlights the important role of agriculture in the region. I am proud to represent this area of middle Georgia along with Congressman SANFORD BISHOP . Our offices have worked together, along with many regional community partners, to advance this goal. By expanding the current Ocmulgee National Monument area from 700 acres to just over 2,000 acres and redesignating the area as a national historical park, the legislation will provide significant economic, educational, and cultural benefits to middle Georgia. Additionally, H.R. 538 will authorize a resources study for future further expansions and include increased opportunities for hunting, fishing, camping, and other recreational activities. The expansion of the Ocmulgee National Monument area provides for critical preservation of additional archaeological locations throughout the Old Ocmulgee Fields. Because of its significant historical and archaeological importance, the future Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park must be preserved. The expanded park also will generate additional tourism in middle Georgia while educating visitors on the fascinating history of the many civilizations that have thrived in the region. It should be noted that the property in the proposed expansion area would be acquired only from willing donors or sellers, using private funds, and that no Federal dollars will be used to achieve the expansion. 
I want to take this time to thank Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member GRIJALVA as well as all members of the House Committee on Natural Resources for their work to bring this legislation to the floor today. I want to close by noting that this legislation is a true example of what can be achieved when a local community, State leaders, and the Federal Government collaborate toward a worthy goal. The Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act was created from the ground up with many letters of support from the MaconBibb area and well over 3,000 comments from individuals and community groups in support of the expansion. Without this collaboration at every level, none of this would be possible. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 538, the Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge all of my colleagues for the adoption of H.R. 538. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 538, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
KENNESAW MOUNTAIN NATIONAL BATTLEFIELD PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 558) to adjust the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the Wallis House and Harriston Hill, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 558 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park Boundary Adjustment Act’’. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park was authorized as a unit of the National Park System on June 26, 1935. Prior to 1935, parts of the park had been acquired and protected by Civil War veterans and the War Department. (2) Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park protects Kennesaw Mountain and Kolb’s Farm, which are battle sites along the route of General Sherman’s 1864 campaign to take Atlanta. (3) Most of the park protects Confederate positions and strategy. The Wallis House is one of the few original structures remaining from the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain associated with Union positions and strategy. (4) The Wallis House is strategically located next to a Union signal station at Harriston Hill. SEC. 3. BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT; LAND ACQUISITION; ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) B OUNDARY ADJUSTMENT .—The boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park is modified to include the approximately 8 acres identified as ‘‘Wallis House and Harriston Hill’’, and generally depicted on the map titled ‘‘Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, numbered 325/80,020, and dated February 2010. (b) MAP.—The map referred to in subsection (a) shall be on file and available for inspection in the appropriate offices of the National Park Service. (c) LAND ACQUISITION .—The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to acquire, from willing owners only, land or interests in land described in subsection (a) by donation or exchange. (d) ADMINISTRATION OF ACQUIRED LANDS .— The Secretary of the Interior shall administer land and interests in land acquired under this section as part of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. (e) WRITTEN CONSENT OF OWNER .—No non Federal property may be included in the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park without the written consent of the owner. This provision shall apply only to those portions of the Park added under subsection (a). (f) NOUSE OF CONDEMNATION .—The Sec retary of the Interior may not acquire by condemnation any land or interests in land under this Act or for the purposes of this Act. (g) NOBUFFER ZONECREATED .—Nothing in this Act, the establishment of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, or the management plan for the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park shall be construed to create buffer zones outside of the Park. That activities or uses can be seen, heard, or detected from areas within the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park shall not preclude, limit, control, regulate or determine the conduct or management of activities or uses outside the Park. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 558, introduced by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), expands the boundary of the Kennesaw National Battlefield Park by authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 8 acres of land by donation or exchange only. The expanded area includes the historic Wallis House and Harriston Hill. The Wallis House is one of the few remaining structures associated with the Kennesaw Mountain Civil War battle, while Harriston Hill was strategically significant as the Union signal station. The Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in June of 1864 was critical to the Union campaign to split the Confederacy, and although it was a tactical victory for the Confederates, it opened the way for the Union’s strategic victory of taking Atlanta. The sacrifices of more than 3,000 Union troops on Kennesaw Mountain made possible Sherman’s famous telegram to Lincoln 3 months later that ‘‘Atlanta is ours and fairly won.’’ These battlefields remind succeeding generations of Americans of the price paid by so many for the preservation of our Constitution and the liberty it protects and the enormous responsibility that each of us has to maintain and defend that same Constitution today. Nearly identical legislation passed the House by voice vote in the 114th Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of the bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill adjusts the boundary of the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park in Georgia to include two historically significant structures, the Wallis House and Kolb’s Farm, and to assist in the preservation of the story of the Atlanta campaign. Additionally, the bill authorizes the National Park Service to acquire by donation approximately 8 acres that will be added to the Kennesaw National Battlefield Park. The Civil War was a significant event in the history of this country and remains relevant as we grapple with the civil rights discussions today. The preservation of these sites reinforces Congress’ dedication to equality and enables the National Park Service to interpret and tell our national story. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) for continuing to support the preservation of the history of this great country. This bill passed the House last Congress by voice vote, and I encourage its swift adoption today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1715 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the sponsor of this bill, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 558, a bill that 
will add valuable historic property to the Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, located right in the heart of Georgia’s 11th Congressional District. Our Nation has long recognized the importance of restoring historic sites, especially those battlefields where Americans fought and died for freedom. Places such as Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, where significant battles of America’s Civil War took place, allow us to look back in time to get a glimpse of the events that shaped our Nation. It is extremely important that we understand our history; otherwise, we will be destined to repeat the mistakes of our past. This bill, which passed the House unanimously last Congress, welcomes our next generation to engage in the eyeopening stories of our past. A recent study of American history education revealed that only 23 percent of college seniors could identify James Madison as the father of our Constitution; however, 98 percent of college graduates knew that Snoop Dogg was a rapper. Mr. Speaker, it is now more important than ever to ensure that the generations following us have access to these historic sites and the educational opportunities they provide or we risk losing touch with our history. My bill simply allows Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to acquire two pieces of property, through donation, that will add to the historic and educational value of this historic battlefield. One of the properties this bill will preserve is a home that was built in 1853 by Mr. Josiah Wallis. Mr. Wallis built this home for his family, but it was eventually used as a hospital by the Confederate Army during the Civil War. In 1864, the Wallis House fell into the hands of General William Sherman of the Union Army during his campaign to take Atlanta. The house served as Sherman’s headquarters during the Battle of Kolb’s Farm, which was a resounding victory for the Union Army, but the victory was not without cost. When the smoke cleared, over 350 Union soldiers and over 1,000 Confederate soldiers lay dead. Five days later, Union General Oliver Howard used the Wallis House as his headquarters and communications center during the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain, one of the bloodiest 1day battles of the entire war. This was also the last major battle before Atlanta fell to Union forces. While the assault by General Sherman was a tactical failure costing the lives of over 3,000 of his men, the battle also inflicted heavy losses on the Confederates. Having lost another 1,000 men, the Confederate Army could not stop General Sherman on his march to Atlanta. Adjacent to the Wallis House is 8 acres of land known as Harriston Hill. This property offers a sweeping view of the valley leading to the Confederate line on top of Kennesaw Mountain and was used by the Union as signaling positions during the battle. This location is essential for park visitors to understand the strategic positions taken by the Union and Confederate flag Armies during the battle. In addition to being critical sites in Civil War history, the Wallis House and Harriston Hill are two of the few original locations remaining from the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain associated with the Union Army. Most of the park’s current attractions correspond with Confederate history, and these additions will prove to be major historical acquisitions that will enhance the value of the park and provide insight into the Union’s side of the story. In 2002, the Cobb County Government purchased the Wallis House and Harriston Hill to prevent the house from being demolished. Since then, the county has been seeking to transfer the property to the park. My bill simply modifies the boundary of Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park to include the house and the hill and authorizes the park to acquire the property by donation. Along with the Cobb County Government, this land transfer is supported by the National Park Service, Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, and several park volunteer organizations and historical societies in my district. This legislation is an essential step toward preserving our Nation’s heritage and a valuable part of Civil War history. The Wallis House and Harriston Hill will provide tremendous educational and historical value to Kennesaw Mountain National Battlefield Park, and it is my hope that the park will quickly acquire this property and restore it to its original condition for visitors to enjoy for generations to come. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers, and I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of the bill. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 558. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REQUEST TO CALL UP H.R. 724, STATUE OF LIBERTY VALUES ACT OF 2017 Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to bring up and consider H.R. 724, the Statue of Liberty Values Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under guidelines consistently issued by successive Speakers, as recorded in section 956 of the House Rules and Manual, the Chair is constrained not to entertain the request unless it has been cleared by the bipartisan floor and committee leaderships. f 
DELAWARE WATER GAP NATIONAL RECREATION AREA IMPROVEMENT ACT AMENDMENT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 560) to amend the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to provide access to certain vehicles serving residents of municipalities adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 560 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Section 4 of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. USE OF CERTAIN ROADS WITHIN THE RECREATION AREA. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this section, Highway 209, a federally owned road within the boundaries of the Recreation Area, shall be closed to all commercial vehicles. ‘‘(b) EXCEPTION FOR LOCAL BUSINESS USE.— Until September 30, 2021, subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the use of commercial vehicles that have four or fewer axles and are— ‘‘(1) owned and operated by a business physically located in— ‘‘(A) the Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) one or more adjacent municipalities; or ‘‘(2) necessary to provide services to businesses or persons located in— ‘‘(A) the Recreation Area; or ‘‘(B) one of more adjacent municipalities. ‘‘(c) FEE.—The Secretary shall establish a fee and permit program for the use by commercial vehicles of Highway 209 under subsection (b). The program shall include an annual fee not to exceed $200 per vehicle. All fees received under the program shall be set aside in a special account and be available, without further appropriation, to the Secretary for the administration and enforcement of the program, including registering vehicles, issuing permits and vehicle identification stickers, and personnel costs. ‘‘(d) EXCEPTIONS .—The following vehicles may use Highway 209 and shall not be subject to a fee or permit requirement under subsection (c): ‘‘(1) Local school buses. ‘‘(2) Fire, ambulance, and other safety and emergency vehicles. ‘‘(3) Commercial vehicles using Federal Road Route 209, from— ‘‘(A) Milford to the Delaware River Bridge leading to U.S. Route 206 in New Jersey; and ‘‘(B) mile 0 of Federal Road Route 209 to Pennsylvania State Route 2001.’’. 
Section 2 of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act (Public Law 109–156) is amended— 
(1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as paragraphs (2) through (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) (as so redesignated by paragraph (1) of this section) the following: ‘‘(1) ADJACENT MUNICIPALITIES .—The term ‘adjacent municipalities’ means Delaware Township, Dingman Township, Lehman Township, Matamoras Borough, Middle Smithfield Township, Milford Borough, Milford Township, Smithfield Township and Westfall Township, in Pennsylvania.’’. 
Section 702 of the Omnibus Parks and Public Lands Management Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–333) is repealed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 560, introduced by Congressman TOMMARINO , amends the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to allow a highway through the national recreation area to continue to be used by small commercial vehicles that serve the local communities adjoining this federally designated land. It is entirely in keeping with one of our principal objectives for Federal land use policy: to restore the Federal Government as a good neighbor to the communities impacted by the Federal lands. In 1981, a portion of highway 209 was transferred from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to the National Park Service. Two years later, Congress closed the National Park Service segment of highway 209 to commercial traffic except for commercial vehicular operations serving businesses or persons located in or contiguous to the boundaries of the recreation area. Congress also authorized the Park Service to collect and retain fees from commercial use of the road. A 10year transition period was established to accommodate impacts on the surrounding communities until alternative trucking routes could be built. Congress later passed two additional extensions of the commercial vehicle permitting authority through September 30, 2015. As the third extension permitting commercial vehicle use of highway 209 neared expiration, local elected officials requested that Congress enact legislation to permit access for smaller class commercial vehicles for businesses physically located in towns adjacent to highway 209. H.R. 560 provides for such an extension, establishes up a fee structure, and exempts certain vehicles from the fee, thus protecting residents of these communities from additional disruption and inconvenience. Congressman MARINO should be commended for his efforts to resolve this vexing issue for his constituents. A nearly identical version of this legislation passed the House by voice vote in the 114th Congress. I urge adoption of this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This bill, H.R. 560, amends the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area Improvement Act to extend a waiver for certain commercial traffic on U.S. Route 209, a federally owned highway that runs through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. When Congress decided to restrict commercial traffic on the portion of the highway that runs through the recreation area, the law included an exemption for certain vehicles that belong to nearby businesses and municipal governments. This bill provides a 5year extension of that exemption in order to facilitate continued access for local residents. The National Park Service, which manages the area, supports the bill; and it passed the House, as my colleague from California mentioned, last year by voice vote. I urge my colleagues to support the adoption of this bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ), the author of the measure. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 560, my bill to reauthorize limited commercial vehicle traffic along Route 209 through the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. Tomorrow marks 16 months during which uncertainty has reigned over this 21mile stretch of road running through my district. Over 30 years ago, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania transferred Route 209, then a State road, to the National Park Service. As commercial vehicle traffic is banned on roads within our national parks, it would ultimately be restricted on this stretch of Route 209. But at that time, a 10year exemption was made to support the local freight transport industry and because acceptable alternative routes were unavailable. After multiple extensions, the most recent commercial vehicle authorization expired at the end of September 2015. To address the problem, county and township officials from the surrounding areas met with the National Park Service and my staff to negotiate a new plan. They recognized a continuing need to allow some commercial vehicles access and settled on the carefully crafted language we are considering today. The work to produce this extension acknowledges the continued need of the employers, businesses, and homeowners in Pike and Monroe Counties. Unfortunately, although the House passed identical language in the 114th Congress and the Senate moved it to the floor, this important legislation failed to become law. The resulting uncertainty created hardship for families and businesses in the communities neighboring the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area. The lack of access to this stretch of road has cast a cloud on a wide range of local businesses from heating fuel and package delivery to plumbers and electricians. Homeowners cannot access the services they need and countless jobs are in jeopardy. This is a critical piece of legislation for my constituents. We must pass it today and urge the Senate to act just as quickly. I want to thank Chairman BISHOP  and Federal Lands Subcommittee Chairman MCCLINTOCK , and I want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle for their support and work with my staff to bring this bill to the floor as quickly as possible. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate my colleague, Mr. MARINO , for his leadership and his effort in the introduction and efforts towards the hopeful passage of H.R. 560. I want to also thank my good friend from California for this afternoon’s wonderful time managing these six bills. I urge the passage of H.R. 560. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I would just add that this and all the bills we heard today authored by both Republicans and Democrats, which passed this House in the last session, unanimously, were all stalled in the Senate. I would only express the hope that the Senate, this year, will act on these measures and do its duty as the coequal branch of the legislative department of this government. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 560. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on January 30, 2017, at 4:18 p.m.: Appointments: Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution. Washington’s Farewell Address. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
b1730 COMMUNICATION FROM THE DEMOCRATIC LEADER The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable NANCY  PELOSI , Democratic Leader: 
NANCY PELOSI , DEMOCRATIC LEADER , January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to Section 4(a) of House Resolution 5, 115th Congress, I am writing to reappoint the following member to the House Democracy Partnership: The Honorable David Price of North Carolina, Ranking Member. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Best regards, NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader. f 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO BRITISHAMERICAN INTERPARLIAMENTARY GROUP The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2761, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the BritishAmerican Interparliamentary Group: Mr. CICILLINE , Rhode Island 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO UNITED STATES GROUP OF THE NATO PARLIAMENTARY ASSEMBLY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 1928a, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Members on the part of the House to the United States Group of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly: Mr. CONNOLLY , Virginia Ms. FRANKEL , Florida 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBERS TO COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 3003, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Mr. HASTINGS , Florida Mr. COHEN , Tennessee 
APPOINTMENT OF MEMBER TO THE JAPANUNITED STATES FRIENDSHIP COMMISSION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 2903, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, of the following Member on the part of the House to the JapanUnited States Friendship Commission: Mr. TAKANO , California 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 32 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 38, DISAPPROVING A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–6) on the resolution (H. Res. 70) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 41, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 40, PROVIDING FOR CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL OF A RULE SUBMITTED BY THE SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–7) on the resolution (H. Res. 71) providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 40) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 66. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 66. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 66. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall vote No. 66, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 66. 
OCMULGEE MOUNDS NATIONAL HISTORICAL PARK BOUNDARY REVISION ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 538) to redesignate Ocmulgee National Monument in the State of Georgia and revise its boundary, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 396, nays 8, not voting 28, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford 
Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Bacon Brat Duncan (TN) Jones Massie Sanford Smith (NE) 
Blackburn Bustos Clark (MA) Costa DeFazio DesJarlais Ellison Gallego Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huizenga Johnson (LA) Kinzinger Marchant Meng Messer Mulvaney Pocan Price, Tom (GA) Quigley Renacci Rush Ryan (OH) Slaughter Tiberi Titus Zinke 
b1900 Mr. SANFORD changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I missed the following votes: 1. H.R. 374, To remove the sunset provision of section 203 of Public Law 105–384, and for other purposes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 2. H.R. 538, Ocmulgee Mounds National Historical Park Boundary Revision Act of 2017, as amended. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on this bill. 
Mr. KINZINGER. Mr. Speaker, for today’s vote series, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall 66 and rollcall 67. 
Mr. TIBERI. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall Nos. 66 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, H.R. 374), and 67 (motion to suspend the rules and pass, as amended, H.R. 538) I did not cast my vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on both of the votes. b1900 OBJECTING TO THE ADMINISTRATION’S EXECUTIVE ORDER SUSPENDING VISAS AND THE U.S. REFUGEE ADMISSIONS PROGRAM (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to object to the administration’s recent executive order suspending the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program and visas from certain countries in the Middle East and east Africa. Protecting our national security, of course, must always be our number one priority. This executive order, however, Mr. Speaker, does not focus on the precise challenges that we face. We can keep our homeland safe by immediately implementing more thorough screening procedures rather than pursuing this broad brush approach. Although this measure is temporary and some individuals will continue to be admitted on a casebycase basis, Congress needs to work to ensure that this order does not apply to U.S. residents, does not apply to those who have already been issued a visa, or does not apply to those who have already been granted refugee status. I urge the administration to work with Congress and Federal agencies to find a measured plan that protects our national security, honors our existing commitments, and follows the letter and spirit of the law. f 
EXECUTIVE ORDER ON REFUGEES (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I believe that we live in the greatest country on Earth, and I am proud to say so. But I have to say that last week’s executive order by President Trump on refugee resettlement is shaking that faith. How can we hold ourselves as a beacon of hope when we turn away tens of thousands of the most desperate and vulnerable of our men, women, and children of this planet? How can we be the light of the world when our policies are driven by darkness and fear? I am going to keep that light alive. I am going to fight to keep it that way because that is what we are, that is what we represent. I am going to fight because I still believe that we are that shining city on the hill. And I am going to fight for my State of Rhode Island, which was founded on the principle of free religious practice, not fear of the other. I am going to fight against injustice with my amazing constituents who joined together for the second weekend in a row of rallying at our State House to keep that light alive. Mr. Speaker, we are a strong country, but we are strong because of our values and our principles embodied in our Constitution. Let’s continue to build that shining city on the hill for the world. I am going to continue this fight, and I hope my colleagues will, too. f 
ACCESS TO INPATIENT REHABILITATION THERAPY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, before coming to Congress, I worked as a certified therapeutic recreation specialist and rehab services manager. There is no greater joy in the health profession than to see your patient make progress after a debilitating disease or disability. I rise today to speak about how we can allow more patients the ability to live full and healthy lives through therapy. Last week, with Congressman G.K. BUTTERFIELD of North Carolina, I reintroduced the Access to Inpatient Rehabilitation Therapy Act. This bill would allow physicians to prescribe what they consider to be most medically necessary treatments for Medicare beneficiaries within the comprehensive inpatient rehab setting. In 2010, Medicare narrowed its coverage options and limited therapeutic services to just physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, and orthotics and prosthetics. Meaning that if a doctor thought that a patient would be served by recreational therapy, it is currently not an option covered by Medicare. Well, that is wrong. Medicare coverage should support a patient’s recovery plan as directed by their physician. Such therapies are intended to help those who have suffered a lifealtering injury recover their functions and transition back to living a full life. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan commonsense bill. 
EXECUTIVE ORDER AGAINST LEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to President Trump’s executive order against legal immigration. I was sworn to uphold the Constitution and I was elected to grow our economy and help unify our country. Unfortunately, this order is an assault on the Constitution, it harms the economy by harming working families, and it divides the country. On Saturday night, I went to O’Hare International Airport to help American, legal permanent residents be freed from detention. They are people integral to the success of our community and our economy. I ask my honorable Republican colleagues to stand with them and oppose the executive order. 
RECOGNITION OF THE ASIAN PACIFIC DEVELOPMENT CENTER (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor today to recognize the Asian Pacific Development Center, a communitybased nonprofit organization, which has been serving the Asian American and Pacific Islander communities in the State of Colorado for over 35 years. Their commitment to service is truly an inspiration for all Coloradans. The Asian Pacific Development Center guides itself by its founding mission, which is to advance the well being of Asian American and Pacific Islander communities of Colorado by providing culturally appropriate and integrated behavioral, medical, and related services. By adhering to such a noble purpose, the Asian Pacific Development Center is able to provide crucial services in native languages with a cultural understanding. Originally founded in 1980 by Dr. Rudy Lie, and currently headed by Ms. Chris Wanifuchi, I am proud of just how important the Asian Pacific Development Center is to our community. I look forward to working with them in the many more years of service to come. 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S EXECUTIVE ORDER SHOULD BE OVERTURNED (Mr. BLUMENAUER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons people across the country are outraged by the executive order issued by the administration this weekend is the impact it has on people who worked for the United States, putting their lives at risk. I spent 10 years on a bipartisan effort for the Special Immigrant Visa program, and with a stroke of the pen, these people have been denied. On page A10 of The Washington Post, there is detailed the Sharef family where the husband had worked as an interpreter for United States soldiers. His life is at risk in Iraq. He worked 2 years to be able to get the visa. He sold his business, sold his home. His family was on a plane ready to come, and they were turned back to Iraq, turned back to danger. And we are turning our back on people who risk their lives to help Americans. It is outrageous, it is immoral, and it is going to hurt America in the future. Who is going to help us overseas in the future if we are not dependable allies? This outrageous order should be overturned and everyone, Republican and Democrat alike, should raise their voice in outrage. PRESIDENT TRUMP’S IMMIGRATION BAN (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, Donald Trump has stained the American Presidency with his unAmerican values. His Muslim ban has caused the suffering of countless families seeking the American promise of a better life, and it has put the safety of the American people at risk by providing fodder for extremist groups who wish to do us harm. I condemn this ban and the unfit President behind it. I ask my Republican colleagues who have stood by and said nothing: How can you remain silent? The American people are sending a clear message that they will not remain silent. I have received a large volume of calls from constituents in opposition to the Muslim ban. It is unfortunate that these calls are necessary, but I am glad the American people are paying attention and are committed to holding this administration accountable. I want to add that hundreds of Syrian refugees have settled in New Jersey. Many have settled in Jersey City, which is part of my district, and I am proud to be their Member of Congress. These refugees have escaped chaos at home and went through a rigorous screening process before entering the United States. They are respectful of America’s values. The same cannot be said of this President. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
b1915 ALTERNATIVE FACTS (Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, this is a time I never thought I would experience. I am a proud Member of the United States Congress, and I proudly took my oath to support the Constitution. In the last 10 days, we have seen alternative facts stated as something that has become part of America— right out of ‘‘1984.’’ This executive order, the administration says, is not directed to Muslims; yet it has a waiver for Christians and other minorities, which means it is directed at Muslims. It is unbelievable that they can put something on paper and then tell you not to believe what is on paper. This is a violation of the First Amendment; it is a violation of everything America is known for in its not discriminating on the basis of religion; and it is a shame that we have come to alternative facts, alternative Constitutions, and alternative mindsets. God bless the United States, and God save the United States. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable ELIJAH E. CUMMINGS , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that we have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the District Court for the District of Maryland in Benisek v Lamone. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, we have determined that compliance with the subpoena will be consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, ELIJAH E. C UMMINGS , Member of Congress. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE STENY H. HOYER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable STENY H. HOYER , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a witness subpoena for documents, issued by the District Court for the District of Maryland in Benisek v Lamone. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena will be consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, STENY H. H OYER . f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that we have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the District Court for the District of Maryland in Benisek v Lamone. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, we have determined that compliance with the subpoena will be consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, C.A. DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER , Member of Congress. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE JOHN P. SARBANES, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Honorable JOHN P. SARBANES , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that we have been served with a subpoena for documents, issued by the District Court for the District of Maryland in Benisek v Lamone. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, we have determined that compliance with the subpoena will be consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, JOHNP. S ARBANES , Member of Congress. f 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS: VOTER SUPPRESSION AND MUSLIM BAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, this was a sad week for our country. We saw anger, despair, and chaos at American airports when people from all different types of backgrounds from the Middle East were banned from coming into the United States. We had individuals who were green card holders who were denied entry into the United States. We had individuals who were interpreters for our United States military, who kept them safe in the Middle East, who were denied the right to come into the country. It was a sad day in our country’s history. This past weekend, I took my son to an exhibit at one of the synagogues in Fort Worth, Texas, where I live. It was an exhibit on Jews in baseball. There was a picture of Hank Greenberg and Joe DiMaggio. Joe DiMaggio, an American lexicon, is about as American as you get; but, in looking at the exhibit and at the caption that was next to it, it read, while Joe DiMaggio was fighting for our country in World War II, the United States Government listed his parents as ‘‘enemy aliens.’’ In revisiting that sort of sad chapter in our history, when individuals were treated that way in our country, I think it is very sad, Mr. Speaker. We have a lot of Members who would like to express their discontent at what happened. I yield to our chair, Mr. CEDRIC RICHMOND , from the State of Louisiana, to come and address us because what we have to talk about tonight is very serious. Mr. RICHMOND. I thank Congressman VEASEY for the work that he does in representing Fort Worth, Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege and an honor to be the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus in that we represent almost 80 million Americans, 17 million of whom are African American; but the real reason is that it is a talented group of 49 people, and we are going to need each and every one of them to keep track of this rapid, schizophrenic style of governing that we are dealing with. I will just talk about the two most egregious things from this past week, which are the allegations of voter fraud and his nomination of a person to run the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice and his unconstitutional ban on Muslims. Since 2010, 20 States have restricted voting rights by enacting discriminatory voter ID and proof of citizenship laws, illegally purging thousands of proper voters from the rolls, cutting back early voting, limiting voter registration, and engaging in other suppressive tactics. These laws were put in place to combat the notion of voter fraud despite the fact that there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud in the United States. More than a dozen recent investigations and studies all show voter fraud to be virtually nonexistent. A 2014 Washington Post investigation found 31 incidents of voter fraud in the more than 1 billion ballots that were cast in elections at all levels of government from 2000 to 2014. Of the more than 137 million ballots cast in the 2016 election, election and law enforcement officials in all 50 States have yet to report any indications of widespread voter fraud. But, if there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud, what reason could anyone have, including the President, for this claim? The truth is that Republicans have used the voter fraud lie to restrict voting rights for years. Voter ID laws have been sponsored by Republicans and have been passed overwhelmingly by Republican legislatures. Richard Posner, a conservative U.S. circuit court judge appointed by President Reagan, has called the concerns about voter fraud a mere fig leaf that is intended to justify laws that appear to be aimed at limiting voting by minorities, especially Blacks. In July 2016, a U.S. circuit court struck down North Carolina’s law, calling it the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow. The judges charged that Republican lawmakers had targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision. Let me just turn very briefly to the President’s illadvised, unconstitutional executive order that purportedly promotes national security. Keeping America safe is a top priority for all of us, but this order is wrong. It is wrong because it makes us less safe, and it is wrong because it goes against our American values. This is the latest in President Trump’s series of actions that shows that his number one priority is shortterm shows of intolerance instead of the longterm security of the American people. Actions by the Oval Office directly affect people’s lives. When the President is making policy up on the fly, it has real harmful consequences in the lives of everyday Americans. The fact that the Secretary of Homeland Security—a committee in Congress on which I serve—was not included in discussions about implementing the executive order, even though this Department is in charge of its implementation, is clear evidence of a broken system. Shutting out the mothers, children, fathers, and families who are fleeing the same violence that we fight against is exactly what ISIS and similar groups want us to do, and it only strengthens their hands. This haphazard order does nothing to keep Americans safe. In fact, it hurts our efforts to fight against terrorism. Let me just say, Mr. Speaker, to my colleague from Texas that the President of the United States, when addressing Liberty University, cited ‘‘2 Corinthians,’’ while most churchgoing people in the country would say ‘‘Second Corinthians.’’ He cited 2 Corinthians 2:17, which reads, wherever the Lord is, there is liberty and freedom, but there can’t be liberty and freedom without meaningful access to the voting polls. He didn’t need to get to chapter 3. He really could have just stopped at the first few paragraphs of the Second Corinthians, which read: ‘‘Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ . . . who comforts us in our tribulation, that we may be able to comfort those who are in any trouble.’’ The question becomes: Why go to Liberty University and offer your Christian values? It always talks about the least of these in the Bible and what we are doing to help others and to do unto others as you would have them do unto you so that, as soon as mothers and children and families are fleeing persecution and certain death, we put a wall up around our country, shut down our airports, and say: We don’t care what trouble you are in. You just can’t come here. That goes against everything that this country was founded on. It goes against my Christian values, and it 
goes against any purported Christian values of anyone’s in these United States of America. Mr. VEASEY. I thank the chairman for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I did not mention that we are also talking about voting rights, which is very important on the eve of the President making the selection for the next Supreme Court Justice of the United States. I know, with Representative PLASKETT ’s representing the Virgin Islands and understanding the importance of voting rights, that that is very significant. I yield to the gentlewoman and thank her for being a voice in terms of refugees, immigration rights, and on the very important issue of voting rights. Ms. PLASKETT. I thank Mr. VEASEY . Mr. Speaker, I thank the chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, my friend and colleague, the Honorable CEDRIC  RICHMOND , for his continued leadership of this caucus and of his leadership on the issues impacting Black America and other minority communities across this great Nation. Indeed, this evening, we are discussing not only minorities in this country, but those who are downtrodden and other individuals around the world who look to America for refuge, strength, and democracy. b1930 I also thank my colleague, the Honorable MARC VEASEY of Fort Worth, Texas, for joining me in chairing this evening’s Special Order hour, and also my Congressional Black Caucus colleagues who are joining us this evening to speak on these important issues. Mr. Speaker, we are here tonight to speak to those two very important issues that go to the fabric of our founding: our ability to grow, diversify as a Nation, by bringing in the tired and the poor, the innovators, the ones who bring new changes to this country, and continue its dynamic growth, as well as voting rights. Last week, President Trump—among a number of other things—expressed unsubstantiated claims of widespread voter fraud in the 2016 Presidential election. The remarks that we heard would appear to be inaccurate, reckless, and dangerous to our democracy in some of our opinions. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I are here this evening to highlight the real voter fraud in this country, and that is the continued attempts to suppress minority voting rights across many States as well as the outright denial of the right to vote for millions of Americans living in the territories. I want to underscore that the fight for equal voting rights for minorities in this country did not end with the passage of the Voting Rights Act. In fact, today, more than 50 years after our esteemed colleague JOHN LEWIS and others courageously marched on Selma, we have seen the United States Supreme Court strike down one of its most important protections. Within hours of that decision, States were already moving forward with restrictive voter ID laws, which had already been rejected as discriminatory under the Voting Rights Act. Six of the 16 States that passed voter ID laws since 2010 have a documented history of discriminating against minority voters. The State of Alabama, in 2014, began enforcing a controversial voter ID law that required voters to show a State issued ID in order to vote, and then announced plans to close 31 driver’s license offices—most of them, ironically, in rural, impoverished, majority Black counties—making it even harder for residents to get the most common form of ID used to vote. In addition to the Supreme Court’s action, a Federal Court in a 2015 ruling used a racist, centuryold opinion of the Supreme Court to uphold the denial of voting rights to American citizens in my home district of the United States Virgin Islands, and the citizens and residents of America’s island territories. They are called the insular cases, and the opinion was authored, ironically, by the same justice who wrote Plessy v. Ferguson. March marks 100 years that my district has been a part of this country, but our service dates back to its very founding through the Virgin Islander and Founding Father Alexander Hamilton. He would be, I think, very upset to find out that people from the island in which he came could not vote for their President and Commander in Chief, even though the Virgin Islands and the territories have the highest rates of military service in the United States and have exponentially higher rates of casualties per capita in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. We believe we have earned the right to take part in this democracy. In another example, last year, a Federal appeals court decisively struck down a North Carolina voter identification law and noted its provisions deliberately ‘‘target African Americans with almost surgical precision.’’ That is a quote of the court in an effort to depress Black turnout at the polls. That, to me, sounds like voter fraud and voter suppression. Mr. Speaker, these are just a few examples of the real voter fraud happening across this country. The members of this caucus continue to work to ensure that all American citizens, regardless of their race, income or location, can participate in this great democracy; and we implore the President to direct his efforts to investigate voter fraud at these and other issues. We want to, as the Congressional Black Caucus, address another issue, because we don’t just represent African Americans or minorities here in this country. We want to address an issue that is of great concern to me and members of this caucus—and as demonstrated by massive protests this weekend and right across the street here this evening at the Supreme Court—the concern of a large majority of America, and that is the President’s executive order to ban refugees entering into this country. Banning entry to people fleeing persecution is perhaps as diametrically opposed to the foundational fabric of this country as you can get. Mr. Speaker, not only is the President’s refugee ban meanspirited and misguided, it undermines our democracy, undermines our efforts to thwart terrorism, and is an affront to all who have sacrificed to defend it. Viewing all refugees fleeing as suspects shows an extremely myopic understanding of the real threats and plays to extremist propaganda. The refugee ban will not make us safe. It would have done nothing to prevent the 9/11 terrorist attacks, nor the others that followed. The terrorists of those attacks were American citizens, some of whom were even on the terrorist watch list and still allowed to legally purchase deadly weapons used to carry out their terrorist plot. If this President and Congress want to protect the American people from terrorism, they should pass the no fly, no buy legislation that House Democrats stood to support. Mr. Speaker, there are many of my colleagues here this evening who would love to speak on this issue. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from the Garden State of New Jersey, Mrs. BONNIE WATSONCOLEMAN , who will speak to this House on the issues that the Congressional Black Caucus is taking up this evening. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. In his first full week as President, Donald Trump continued to make a mockery of the ideas upon which our Nation was founded. In addition, his de facto Muslim ban is contrary to the national security interests of the United States. His actions are not only discriminatory and bigoted, but also reckless, dangerous, and counterproductive to any authentic effort to defeat terrorism. As a member of the House Homeland Security Committee, I am concerned this will only serve to stoke anti American sentiment across the globe, including our international partners committed to eradicating global terror threats. My colleagues have outlined the ways in which men and women they represent have been impacted at this present moment, and highlight the uncertainty that those constituents feel about the future. But we cannot forget those who have come to this country in pursuit of the future that the American Dream has promised. Close to 17,000 students from the seven affected countries attend U.S. colleges and universities. The 12th District of New Jersey represents these 
men and women, both young and old, at a multitude of 2year, 4year, and technical institutions. The President of Princeton University—one of the most revered institutions in the world, housed in the heart of my district—released a statement concerned that the success of Princeton and many other institutions of higher education across this Nation depend on America’s ability to attract and engage with talented people from around the world. Rutgers University, the flagship public university in my State, has students, researchers, and professors from all seven countries on Trump’s barred entry list who are currently traveling outside of this country. The impact on university personnel was felt most immediately after the executive order went into effect. Two Iranian nationals who are associate professors at the University of Massachusetts at Dartmouth were detained Saturday upon arrival at Boston Logan International Airport. Today I talked with university officials in my district who have faculty members that need to return home in order to renew visas, but are afraid to leave. At another college, onefourth of their applicants come from the countries that are impacted by this ban. A constituent in East Brunswick, who is a nonSyrian political refugee, sits in limbo as only one of her four minor children passed through our already thorough and extensive processing and was approved for a visa. USCIS put a hold on the process of the remaining three due to lack of communication and direction and understanding from this travel ban. By feeding off of fear, hatred, and bigotry, this administration’s incendiary Muslim ban has created confusion, disruption, and chaos that is rippling around the world. As our Federal agencies and international partners seek to understand and combat this meritless policy, I call on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, on which I sit, to hold an immediate hearing with leadership at the Department of Homeland Security to review concerning reports about the crafting and execution of this President’s order. I also requested that the House Homeland Security Committee, which I also serve on, to move up its February 7 hearing on this issue so that we may urgently address the national security implications of this administration’s actions. In short, Mr. Speaker, this is the United States of America. We respect diversity because this is a nation founded and made great because of immigrants. We are not going to stand by and allow President Trump, with his unAmerican ideals, to push forward on American policies. Understand that we will resist at every turn. Mr. VEASEY. I thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her comments. Now I would like to yield to the gentlewoman from the State of Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). I thank Ms. K ELLY for all of her work on so many issues that are important. I know that voting rights is particularly important to her with her representing the Chicago suburbs and the city of Chicago itself. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank Congressman VEASEY and Congresswoman PLASKETT for holding tonight’s CBC Special Order hour. With so much going on in our Nation right now, it is important that all Americans take seriously our responsibility to be guardians of our democracy. We owe it to those who came before us and those who will be here long after us to keep this democracy and its values moving forward, and reject the rhetoric and policies that take us backwards. I was reminded of this just a week ago when over 3 million Americans of all ages, races, and religions, marched for women’s rights, justice, and equal rights. Three million, a powerful resistance to concerning policies that we are seeing come out of the White House. Just last night I was with scores of activists and families at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport, protesting President Trump’s executive action barring refugees from entering the United States. I wish that things hadn’t come to this. It is a tragedy that these United States, the shining beacon of democracy around the world, the land that welcomes the tired, the poor, and the huddled masses has witnessed a President in his first week in office attempt to strip away our values as an inclusive democracy with an unconstitutional executive order and Muslim ban. Our Constitution, our laws, our democracy is what we must hold dear as Americans. We must be wholly intolerant of those who seek to pervert our Constitution. We must not tread on our democratic values. As part of tonight’s conversation is protecting voter rights, I am reminded that the past Presidential election brought with it evidence of election hacking and cries of illegal voting. For the first time in the history of this Nation, we are seeing a President who is intolerably obsessed with his failure to receive the popular vote. Many of the families that I hear from find this obsession unbefitting of a student council president in Kankakee, where I represent, let alone the President of the United States. Without evidence, President Trump continues to claim that 3 million illegal votes in California and New York cost him the popular vote. Three million people, the number by which Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. I hardly find that to be a coincidence. Mr. Speaker, the election is over. The bunting and ribbons have been cleaned up. It is time to govern. A continued relitigation of the election based on unfounded and divisive claims of further fraud divides our Nation further. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois. I am now going to call someone who also has a really good understanding of civil rights, voting rights in the State of Virginia, but then also the plight of immigrants and has a deep level of empathy because the other part of his State is very much a diverse State with people made up from various parts of the world. I yield to the gentleman representing the Fourth Congressional District of Virginia, Representative DONALD  MCEACHIN . Mr. MCEACHIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank the gentleman as well as the gentlewoman for leading tonight’s conversation about so many issues that are important to the American people. Mr. Speaker, the President’s baseless executive order on immigration has hurt this country. It has hurt this country to the extent that it has made us less safe, and it has hurt this country to the extent that it goes against our values as a nation. Our Constitution says that we will not favor any religion over another, yet the President has instituted a religious test for entry in this country just 1 week after his inauguration. Mr. Speaker, this is a travesty. This rule has inconvenienced travel back to America over the weekend for any number of permanent residents and those of all backgrounds who serve our country. I know this because it has actually impacted citizens of the Fourth Congressional District. b1945 Mr. Speaker, I have a constituent who has been a permanent resident for 20 years. He had visited his family in Cairo and was on his way back to Virginia when he was turned around. He was actually sent to Qatar, Mr. Speaker, where he has no connections, where he has no business. He was just sent there because he was denied entry back home. Mr. Speaker, my congressional staff worked around the clock, along with his employer, to get him back home and, thanks be to God, he is, indeed, home. But, Mr. Speaker, this is unacceptable, and it cannot go on. I can’t help but think of Leviticus chapter 19, verse 34, where we are reminded, Mr. Speaker, to treat the foreigner in our midst as if he was one of our own. Mr. Speaker, the President’s order does not do this. It is an offense to all Americans. It is an offense to the JudeoChristian ethic. Mr. Speaker, it cannot be allowed to stand, and I will work every day, along with my colleagues in the CBC and other like minded individuals in this Congress, to reverse this order. Mr. VEASEY. I thank the gentleman for sharing that story about his constituent. Again, it is such a terrible and shameful time for our country, for the world to have seen that. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Columbus, Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ). Mrs. BEATTY. I thank the gentleman, my classmate and colleague, Congressman VEASEY . And to my colleague, Congresswoman STACY  PLASKETT , thank you for convening tonight’s Special Order for the Congressional Black Caucus. Mr. Speaker, we are here for two topics tonight, and you will see many of us come and talk about these topics. So to my colleagues, let me just cut my message short and say that we are here because we all witnessed, over the weekend, President Trump’s latest executive order barring immigrants, refugees, and legal permanent residents from seven Muslimmajority countries. This has set off a protest across the Nation. I was so proud that I was able to stand in my Third Congressional District with families and individuals protesting his unilateral move that is not making us safe. It flies in the face of the values and the freedoms enshrined in our Constitution. Mr. Speaker, I am here because we had individuals in my district who were held in the New York airport, while many others weren’t freed like they were. That is why I will continue to stand up to President Trump and stand with my people. We are also here tonight to respond to another unsubstantiated but extremely dangerous claim made by President Trump. We know that last week he doubled down on his assertion that he would have ‘‘ . . . won the popular vote,’’ Mr. Speaker, ‘‘if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.’’ Obviously not satisfied with winning the Electoral College, Trump continues to focus on defending his national popular vote loss of almost 3 million votes. He now believes, without any evidence to support his claim, that 3 to 5 million people voted fraudulently in the 2016 election. While this was par for the course for the Trump campaign, but now that he is in the White House, Mr. Speaker, he intends to make this voter fraud untruth the subject of an actual government investigation mandated by a soontobe executive order, wasting untold amounts of taxpayer dollars. Well, when the Congressional Black Caucus hears people using terms like ‘‘voter fraud,’’ ‘‘illegally voted,’’ and ‘‘strengthening up voting procedures,’’ we read between the lines; and that is why we are here tonight to stand up against voter fraud that he is saying, because we know it is voter suppression. Mr. VEASEY. I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio, a State that knows a lot about voter suppression, also a very international State. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS) representing Los Angeles, one of our most international cities in the world that I am sure was impacted very greatly by what happened at airports this weekend. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership tonight, and also Representative PLASKETT . Let me share with you, especially Representative PLASKETT , that on my first day here 7 years ago, one of the first things that happened was a motion on the floor to further deny the right to vote for Representatives from the territories. And I have to tell you that I think, for myself, as well as the majority of people in our country, we don’t realize that you only have democracy 50 percent. So I am glad that you raised it tonight, and I think it is very important that we continue to fight so that people from the territories will have the full representation of their country. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address the travesty that is taking place in our country, a travesty that has resulted in innocent people, students, grandparents, mothers, fathers, and children being unable to travel and enter the United States. People are caught in a web of suspicion and hatred as a result of the recent executive order which is nothing less than a religious ban. So today, I speak for the Africans that are caught in that ban. Let me give you an example of who has been caught up by the Muslim ban—a brilliant Stanford student, Ms. Nisrin Omer, studying anthropology. She is a graduate of Harvard who is from Sudan and has lived in this country since 1993. She has a green card and is a legal resident who was returning to the U.S. from research in Sudan. She was detained for 5 hours and handcuffed, simply because she is from Sudan, the very same country that President Obama worked long and hard to improve relations and to move the country and the region forward. Another example, a Somali woman and her two children detained at Dulles Airport for 18plus hours as a result of the Muslim ban. According to reports, the children have U.S. passports, and their father was allowed to stay in the U.S., but his Somali wife would have been deported were it not for the emergency stay granted by the New York Federal judge. Then there are refugees, mostly Somali, stuck in Kenya following the cancellation of their flight as a result of the executive order. These stranded travelers had been waiting, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, 10 to 15 years to resettle. And I speak of seven people who are reportedly being detained at the airport in my city, Los Angeles airport. All of these situations are a result of the President’s executive order which, despite the protestations from the administration, is nothing less than a Muslim ban. I also speak of persons fleeing for their lives from Libya, who are now stigmatized worldwide because of this ban. Day 10 of the Trump Presidency. Heaven help us. Mr. VEASEY. I thank Representative BASSfor her commentary representing the very international city of Los Angeles, again, a city with many immigrants, with many people who have contributed to the greatness and vibrancy of that city that we know as Los Angeles. I just really do appreciate all of her input on that. Mr. Speaker, I am going to call up to come and speak Mr. DWIGHT EVANS . Mr. EVANS , hailing from Pennsylvania’s Second Congressional District, a State that also is very international, I am sure that your State was heavily impacted by the travel ban that was implemented by the Trump administration, and I believe the world needs to hear your remarks tonight, so thank you for being here tonight to speak. I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I too want to join and thank Representative VEASEY and Representative P LASKETT  for this opportunity. Tonight, I stand with my colleagues urging support of policy solutions that will ensure our communities have unfettered access to the ballot box and to call for solutions to Republicanled attempts to suppress minority voting rights across the country. Additionally, I must state my view of the recent action taken by President Trump which I assert has reduced the national trust in our democracy. In the short time since President Trump has taken office, he has set forth a national security plan that would require broad spending increases. He has set forth an executive order to repeal the Affordable Care Act without a replacement in place. He has seemingly put us directly at odds with Mexico, our bordering country, due to a wall that he has set forth as one of his key proposals, and then expected and even demanded that they actually pay for it. He has ignored the facts and has declared that 3 to 5 million people allegedly voted fraudulently in the election. And last, but certainly not least, he has set forth an executive order banning travel from Muslim countries and suspended the refugee program, an action that makes our Nation less safe. Over the weekend, I joined with Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf, Philadelphia Mayor Jim Kenney, Representative ROBERT BRADY , and Representative BRENDAN BOYLE and spoke directly with those who were immediately impacted by this executive action. We joined with the protesters in voicing extreme discontent over the executive order and vowed to do our part to remedy what we can only refer to as a ‘‘forced error’’ of global proportions. We must work collectively to tear down the ban and to be the open democracy that our Constitution allows us to be. 
Just today, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates told attorneys in the Justice Department not to make legal arguments defending President Trump’s order on immigration and refugees. The actions taken by President Trump are not in the best interest of our Nation, our national security, nor are they in the best interest of our communities; that is why we must continue to move forward policy proposals that have been introduced by my colleagues to ensure equal access to the ballot box to ensure we protect the voting rights of those in our communities so that they know that their voices are being heard. For instance, my House colleague, Representative SEWELL , introduced the Voting Rights Advancement Act, which would set forth a geographical coverage formula that is based on the current conditions that include 13 States. The bill will establish a rolling nationwide trigger that continuously moves so that only States that have a recent record of racial discrimination in voting would be covered. The Voting Rights Advancement Act would set forth greater transparency in Federal elections to ensure that voters are made aware of the latebreaking changes in voter procedures and would deter discrimination from occurring and protect voters from discrimination. Let us continue to ensure the voices of our communities are heard. My colleagues and I stand united and ready to combat these actions that run counter to the best interest of those we are elected to represent. Mr. VEASEY. I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania. And just like the city of Philadelphia, just like the city of Los Angeles, when we heard from Congresswoman BASS earlier, oftentimes the State of Texas is portrayed through popular culture as not being a very international place, but we are a very international place. Everyone has heard of the stories how every State Legislative Session, which one has just begun a couple of weeks ago, how Black and Hispanic voters, in particular, in the State of Texas, are targeted so our voting participation numbers will decrease. Well, someone who has been in that fight to help protect Black and Latino voters in the State of Texas to expand voting rights in the State of Texas; and not just that, again, in pop culture, our State has oftentimes been portrayed as one way, but a lot of people forget that the city of Houston is the fourth largest city in the country and one of the most international cities in the entire world, one of the largest ballots in the entire country, printed in—I forgot exactly how many languages. Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEEcan tell you that later. So not only are voting rights being impacted in her district, but also I am sure that she felt the plight of many of the people who she represents who were stuck at airports, including the Houston International Airport, by the Muslim ban that was implemented by the Trump administration. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) for their continuing leadership on a very important and needed response to the actions of many, in particular, this new administration. My time is short, so I want to thank Mr. VEASEY for his leadership on the challenge to the voter ID law and, as well, his continuing leadership on the empowerment of voters, as well to Ms. PLASKETT for ensuring and fighting for the right to vote for the Virgin Islands. b2000 I stand with both of them. But I come today to plead and also to enunciate what crisis we find ourselves in. The White House is in crisis. When the White House is in crisis, that means America is in crisis. Mr. Speaker, it is not a frivolous statement that I make; it is a truthful statement because less than 72 hours ago, without the counsel of many experts, Members of Congress who are on the jurisdictional committees, without the notice and input of the Secretary of Homeland Security, an executive order was produced by one young staffer in the White House and another individual who has pushed an agenda of exclusiveness. That is not the way to run this country. So this executive order came out, and what we find is that 67,000 refugees are stranded around the world who actually had documents, who were vetted, and, as some stories have told us, waited 10 and 12 to 13 years to be able to get in line and to be vetted to come to the United States of America. The tragedy is that some of them were, in fact, our friends from Iraq who have stood by our military personnel who had, in fact, provided them the interpretation that they needed to save their lives. In one story we heard tonight on the steps of the United States Supreme Court was a woman who finally got here with her two children. Her husband was murdered, and her father was tortured. So, to Mr. Trump, today I think it is important as we have joined in to repeal and to rescind this unconstitutional order, it is clear that you need to read the writing on the wall. The Deputy Attorney General, duly appointed and confirmed, of the U.S. Department of Justice, the remaining individual who has power in that office, has made a very conscious decision that they cannot defend this order because it is unconstitutional. This is not a person who takes her task lightly. This is not someone who is not an officer who has not taken an oath of office. This is akin to what happened in the Nixon administration. They were willing to lose their position to stand for the Constitution. So the Congressional Black Caucus is on the floor today with our chairman, Mr. RICHMOND , to be able to inform America that this is patently unconstitutional. It does not provide for due process. It did not provide for equal protection of the law. As well, it is a blatant attack on freedom of religion. For those of you who need a better explanation, let me tell you what a ban on Muslims is. A ban on Muslims is one country, two countries, seven countries, and the idea of who cannot come in are Muslims—that is a ban on Muslims. It is not a ban on Christians. It is not a ban on any other faith. It is a ban on Muslims, and the White House needs to understand what an interpretation of that means. Further, let me say, as I come to a close, please do not try to cover yourself with the announcement that was made by President Obama. As a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I am well aware of that announcement that he had regarding a number of countries. It was not a ban. It was to take note that those countries were in conflict and that individuals who were coming from those countries specifically needed to have a higher level of scrutiny. It was not a ban. It is well documented that the tragedies that we have had from Boston to Orlando to San Bernardino were not individuals who came through as refugees or came from those particular countries. What are we doing here? We are blatantly violating the Constitution. When the President of the United States violates the Constitution, this body has to stand up and respond. So I would ask this body to direct the President to rescind. In the alternative, I would ask that the legislation that is being introduced call upon the President to repeal this. In all fairness, I would appreciate if the President took it up on his own to suspend this order that is impacting so many who are being left along the highway of despair, people who are able to—if you will, people and individuals who are able to seek refuge here are now being left. I believe that the Congressional Black Caucus—the conscience of the Congress—stands now, tonight, to seek to ban the Muslim ban, to seek to stop the suppression of voting, and to also say to the nominee for the Attorney General: Are you prepared to represent all of us and to be able to support the institution, or reinstitution, of section 5 of the Voting Rights Act? Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON  LEEfor clearing up a lot of the misconceptions that are being purposely spread out there that this was something that was used by the Obama administration. It absolutely was not. It is being purposely spread on social media, and people are lying about the past and what happened. It is completely different, and I want to thank her for clearing that up. 
I now yield to the gentleman from Newark, New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), who is the gentleman representing the eastern coast of New Jersey. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank the gentleman from Fort Worth and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands for heading these Special Order hours. It is an honor that I had prior to them, and I am sure that they see the importance of being able to spearhead topics that are important for today. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s claims of widespread voter fraud are unsubstantiated. Officials in both parties have said that there is no evidence of largescale voter fraud. A comprehensive investigation found only 31 possible cases of impersonation fraud out of 1 billion votes cast in all elections between 2000 and 2014. President Trump lost the popular vote by 2.8 million, and it looks like he is looking for an excuse. What is worse is that President Trump’s unfounded claims will encourage Republicans to double down on their assault on voting rights. There is no significant evidence of fraud, but President Trump’s claims will be used as cover to suppress the vote. He is already talking about launching a major investigation into nonexistent voter fraud. The only thing that would come from such an investigation would be further restrictions on voting rights. If President Trump wants to investigate anything, he should investigate the real voter fraud talking place—the Republicanled attempts to suppress minority votes. The strategy of Republican legislatures in some States has been to suppress votes by instituting voter ID laws, reducing hours for early voting, and closing polling places. According to the Brennan Center for Justice, in 2016, 14 States had new voting restrictions in place for the first time in a Presidential election. This Presidential election was the first in 50 years without the full protections of the Voting Rights Act. As a country, we should make it as easy as possible for people to exercise the right to vote. Election officials should not erode our democratic principles. They should make sure that every American citizen has an equal voice in the democratic process. Protecting every person’s right to vote is essential to a fully functioning democracy. The countless men and women who have risked their lives to defend that right knew our system of government only works when it is inclusive and fair, when it enables all voices to have a say in the future of our country. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey. I now yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who represents a critical State, a State that some people think actually went a certain direction in the Presidential race because of voter suppression tactics. She represents the city of Milwaukee. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Fort Worth for yielding this time to me. I could just tell you that it is deja vu all over again. When President George W. Bush lost the election in 2000, he engaged in a lengthy investigation over socalled voter fraud to deflect from the fact that he, in fact, lost the popular vote, as did President Donald Trump. These allegations of voter fraud do nothing but to continue to bankrupt the Treasury. When, as the gentleman from New Jersey just pointed out, Loyola Law School did an extensive study, they found 31 cases of voter impersonation out of 1 billion votes cast in the last 14 years. We don’t have enough time for me to do the math on that, but it is de minimis. I can tell you that real voter fraud is voter suppression. 2016 was the very first Presidential election in 50 years, gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands, that we didn’t have the full protection of voting rights in 14 States, and it showed, including in my own swing State of Wisconsin. Brandnew voting ID restrictions disproportionately suppressed African American, lowincome citizens’ votes. According to a Federal Court, nearly 300,000 registered voters in Wisconsin— in my State—could not obtain the voter ID required by the imposition of these new laws. Throughout the country, we saw 868 fewer polling places. We saw these voter ID laws, and we saw just a reinvention of these painful and unjust poll taxes and remnants of poll taxes and literacy tests imposed upon African Americans. I can tell you, if there is any voter suppression, it is voter denial in this country; and I would call for, instead of spending taxpayer dollars to find 5 million votes that President Trump claimed voted for Hillary Clinton, I would rather spend that money investigating the Russian hacks into our election. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from the State of Wisconsin. Now I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who is my friend and colleague from another international part of the country, the Oakland Bay Area. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, first let me thank Congressman VEASEY for yielding and for his tireless work to defend rights and justice. Also to Congresswoman PLASKETT , I thank the gentlewoman for continuing to speak out, to organize us, and for her stellar representation of her district. Mr. Speaker, in his first week as President, Donald Trump advanced dangerous conspiracy theories and enacted a Muslim ban that undermines our Nation’s standing in the world. These actions show that President Trump will peddle his alternative facts no matter the consequences. b2015 Now, let me be clear. This approach to governance threatens our democracy and our national security. We must resist it. For starters, we cannot allow President Trump to erode our right to vote. Access to the ballot box is the cornerstone of American democracy, yet he spent his first week in office peddling the baseless myth that 3 to 5 million voted illegally in our election. Mr. Speaker, nothing could be further from the truth. Both Republicans and Democrats have dismissed this myth as unsubstantiated, but the President continues to insist that millions of fraudulent voters cost him the popular vote. Let’s call this what it is. This is a campaign by our highest elected official to fabricate reasons why he lost the majority of popular votes. He will use these blatant falsehoods to further undermine access to the voting booth. Mr. Speaker, this investigation that is being proposed really is a sham. The real attack on America’s elections come from Republicans who make it harder for people of color, young people, and lowincome people to vote. I include in the RECORD an editorial from The New York Times, ‘‘The Voter Fraud Fantasy.’’ 
[From The New York Times, Jan. 27, 2017] THEVOTER FRAUD FANTASY  (By Lilli Carre´) There are varying degrees of absurdity in the fallacies President Trump peddled during his first week in the Oval Office. Perhaps the most damaging was his insistence that millions of Americans voted illegally in the election he narrowly won. Mr. Trump first made that false claim in late November, tweeting that he would have won the popular vote ‘‘if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.’’ On Wednesday, he announced that he intended to launch a ‘‘major investigation’’ into voting fraud and suggested the outcome may justify tightening voting rules. What once seemed like another harebrained claim by a president with little regard for the truth must now be recognized as a real threat to American democracy. Mr. Trump is telegraphing his administration’s intent to provide cover for longstanding efforts by Republicans to suppress minority voters by purging voting rolls, imposing onerous identification requirements and curtailing early voting. ‘‘This is another attempt to undermine our democracy,’’ said Representative Barbara Lee of California, one of the states where Mr. Trump falsely claimed results were tainted by largescale fraud. ‘‘It’s about not honoring and recognizing demographic change.’’ The apparent source of Mr. Trump’s original claim of mass voter fraud was Gregg Phillips, a Texas man with a penchant for making wild allegations about voting fraud. Days before Mr. Trump’s tweet, Mr. Phillips claimed on Twitter that he had ‘‘verified more than three million votes cast by non citizens.’’ State election officials across the political spectrum promptly rejected that assertion, noting that ballot box fraud in the United States is exceedingly rare. On Friday, Mr. Trump tweeted that he was looking forward to seeing the results of an analysis of illegal votes, as promised by Mr. Phillips. Republican officials know the voter fraud claim is an indefensible lie. But few are challenging Mr. Trump or raising alarms about how severely this hurts our election system. Voter suppression initiatives have grown increasingly common since the Supreme 
Court invalidated a central provision of the Voting Rights Act in 2013, making it easier for local authorities to tweak election rules in a manner that disenfranchises particular groups of people. Under the Obama administration, the Justice Department aggressively fought these efforts. Lawsuits filed by civil rights advocates and the Justice Department led a federal appeals court in 2013 to strike down a North Carolina voter ID law that justices concluded had been designed to target AfricanAmerican voters with ‘‘surgical precision.’’ Litigation in a similar Texas case is now on hold, pending guidance from the new attorney general. If Mr. Trump’s attorney general nominee, Senator Jeff Sessions, is confirmed, the Justice Department will be likely to all but abandon enforcement of the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Sessions once called it a ‘‘piece of intrusive legislation.’’ That would allow state and national lawmakers to impose even tighter voting requirements, harming minorities, the young and the elderly, who tend to vote Democratic. Republicans may see these measures as a means of staying in power in the face of demographic changes. They should be ashamed of undermining the integrity of our system of government by trying to strip away a right Americans have fought for and died to secure. 
Ms. LEE. If the President were serious about protecting access to the ballot, he would join members of the Congressional Black Caucus in our call for the restoration of the Voting Rights Act. Since it was gutted in 2013, millions of minority voters have been prevented from casting their votes. Last year alone, hundreds of thousands of minority voters were disenfranchised before and on election day. Instead of lodging investigations based on alternative facts, President Trump should be investigating the widespread efforts to disenfranchise voters, including the use of outdated voting machines, the mishandling of provisional ballots, the improper purging of voting rolls, and the widely reporting incidents of intimidation and misinformation at the polls. These are the truth threats to our democracy. If these threats are not enough to occupy President Trump’s attention, he should turn to the widespread evidence of Russian interference in our elections. The facts are available and in need of bipartisan investigation, but President Trump has no interest in evaluating facts. He would rather focus on falsehoods. But the President’s attacks on our democracy aren’t restricted to alternative facts. This weekend we witnessed the erosion of another American value: our proud tradition as a refuge for immigrants of every religion. The President issued an executive order banning immigrants and refugees from the United States on the basis of religion. This outrageous executive order to shut people out from several Muslim nations runs counter to our fundamental values that we cherish as Americans. It is morally reprehensible and will only make the United States less safe. The order has done nothing but create chaos and fear among refugees and immigrants who have been admitted or have been approved to come to the United States. This Nation is, has been, and always will be a nation of immigrants and refugees. This is who we are. We don’t turn our back to those in need. And certainly, we do not do so on the basis of religion. This is a watershed moment for our country, a moment that brings into question our moral character. Thousands of Americans took to the streets to protest the Muslim ban. Really? This is what the resistance must look like. Tonight, many of us joined our colleagues on the steps of the Supreme Court to demand a reversal of this hateful policy. We will continue to fight every attempt to erode our values to appease ideology and radical special interests. Our new bill, Statue of Liberty Values Act, known as the SOLVE Act, will reverse President Trump’s Muslim ban executive order and ensure that funds or fees shall not be used to implement the order. I hope everyone signs on to Congresswoman LOFGREN ’s bill. The President’s order harms our families, our economy, and our national security. Once again, this is not who we are as a nation. We are better than. We must wake up and fight because the future of our democracy is at stake. My district is a district of immigrants. People are very afraid. We are a sanctuary district. What is taking place now is totally unAmerican. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RUTHERFORD ). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, within just days of assuming office, President Donald Trump has made a number of alarmingly fictitious claims about anything from the alleged failures of the Affordable Care Act to the skyrocketing murder rate throughout the United States. President Trump has even felt it was necessary to misrepresent the number of attendees at his inauguration. However, among his most egregious ‘‘alternative facts’’ that he has presented to the American people is the idea that there is widespread voter fraud across the country, which is undermining the electoral process in the United States. This is unequivocally false. In fact, numerous reports, court findings, and official government investigations over, the years have pointed to the fact that voter fraud is, in reality, extremely rare. In 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit, which ultimately found the Texas photo ID law to be racially discriminatory, noted in its findings that there were only two convictions for inperson voter impersonation fraud out of 20 million votes cast in Texas within the last decade. In a separate case ruled in 2014, a special investigations unit for the State of Texas was found to only have identified a single conviction and one guilty plea of inperson voter impersonation in any election in the State of Texas between 2002 and 2014. Nationally, countless Studies—including one conducted by the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office—have failed to identify any evidence of widespread voter fraud. The story is the same in states all across the country. Yet, somehow President Trump and Republicans in Congress have arrived at a separate conclusion and are using this false notion to promote regressive voter laws that seek to suppress minority voting rights all across the country. These laws are an example of your classic ‘‘solution in search of a problem,’’ albeit with a more sinister objective to suppress liberal leaning voters and deny select groups of voters their fundamental right to vote. Mr. Speaker, my colleagues and I have worked tirelessly throughout our careers to ensure that every American has equal access to the polls regardless of race, income, location, or background. We will not stop at making sure that every American preserves their right to vote, even in the face of a Republicancontrolled Congress and Administration. The right to vote is a fundamental pillar of our democracy, and it is counter to our principles that our nation had defended for centuries to now try and erode that right for millions of Americans. I, and countless other Americans, unequivocally reject these efforts and will forever stand united against them. f 
FAST START UNDER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we are off to a fast start this year under the Trump administration. It is difficult, apparently, for some of the press to keep up with how quickly some of the things are going. I did want to make clear something that has been completely muddled by the mainstream media. They keep wondering why they continue to lose out to news channels like FOX News and why some of the conservative news sources online do so well compared to the leftwing sources. It is because a majority of people really are seeking truth, really are seeking answers. I realize that is not true for everywhere. The areas that Hillary Clinton won are basically relegated to the edges, the fringes of the country: around the coasts and southern valley, Chicago, Detroit, and some of those areas. It is really the fringe party. After someone—anyone with the least amount of even a small modicum of fairness—looks at the actual executive order that Donald Trump issued, it seems eminently reasonable. When looking at it, for example, compared to orders signed by a President named Obama, a President named Carter—I couldn’t find any CNN, MSNBC, or anything like CNBC, and I could have missed that somebody did break through all the misrepresentations of those networks and actually point out, 
because sometimes I am going by and I don’t have the sound on and I will be reading the subtext, but you would think that someone in one of those networks would make a big deal out of the fact that Muslims were not banned under the Trump executive order. Yet people all over the world and all over this country are still under the mistaken impression they can trust certain networks. They still haven’t figured out that they can’t. They see that, my gosh, the President has banned Muslims. I actually have the executive order here because, just as I read ObamaCare before I voted against it, I have read the President’s executive order. I made highlights in bold on some things. I saw that there is no reference—not one—to Muslims, to Islam. It is just not there. So it is a total misrepresentation. Now, to try to cover for the way the executive order news is being spun, some of them, to try to grasp back just a small portion of something resembling fairness, would say the words ‘‘Muslimmajority country banned,’’ try to bring it back so they can work in the word ‘‘Muslim’’ when it wasn’t about religion at all. It is about the safety of the United States, the people we are sworn to protect, the Constitution that we raise our right hand and we swear to protect. We just took that oath earlier this month, and already it is forgotten. The refugee program that President Trump has paused is the same one that ISIS terrorists have repeatedly vowed that they are infiltrating, and they are intending to use it to kill Americans. The President is acting temporarily and prudently to give his administration and this Congress the time it needs to properly evaluate the refugee program and reform it to ensure that we help legitimate refugees and ensure the safety, as much as is possible, of the American people. When an FBI Director warns that they have no information from a country with which to compare identity information that refugees have or present or even orally convey, then I would think at some point we would take that information seriously from the sworn testimony. Now, I realize that the past administration has played fast and loose when you keep telling the American people and the Members of Congress that the attack in Benghazi was all about a video, and you even try to cover that by encouraging the producer of the video to be arrested and put in jail to help with this misrepresentation of the truth. Then I guess, under those circumstances, you don’t take testimony from the prior administration Cabinet members all that seriously because you know that they have been out there and misrepresented the truth before. I don’t know if Klein’s book about, I think it was, the blood feud between the Obamas and the Clintons was right, but there had to be a reason that Hillary Clinton did not come out on the Sunday shows after Benghazi and make this claim that was adverse to what she emailed her daughter and what she emailed to the President of Libya, saying that it was an attack. She didn’t mention a video because it wasn’t about a video. She knew that. I realize that, between the concussion, the problems, she may not remember that, but she knew it at the time. According to that book, she called and talked to former President Bill Clinton; and she was encouraged not to go public and say it was about a video, that, in essence, that was indefensible. Nobody in their right mind was going to believe that, so she couldn’t be out there. There were thoughts being entertained of maybe resigning rather than going out and trying to defend that story, but, gee, they realized that if she was going to run for President in 2016 and she resigned right before the election in 2012, it would have likely cost President Obama a second term, and then Democrats would not be very kind and forgiving even though that would have been a stance based on truth and honor. If it cost the Presidency in 2016, it was just not something that could be done. b2030 Apparently, according to the book and his sources that he says are close friends of the people involved, they decided the best way was not to resign and cost the President the reelection in 2012, but refuse under all circumstances to go on the Sunday shows and try to tell America six times that the attack at Benghazi was not planned; it was just instantaneous that arose from a protest over the video, but just don’t go make that representation. Make that clear to the administration you are not going to do that, and then let the chips fall where they may. Because we haven’t been able to figure out outside that representation in the book, why in the world did Susan Rice come out and say all that? That should have been Hillary Clinton’s role. So he provides the excuse or the reasoning. So Susan Rice goes out and over and over on Sunday shows, it was all about a video. Well, I know from my days as a judge hearing of incidents where someone perhaps in a company that was not being honestly run would keep somebody in the dark so they could go out and make certain representations. The person really didn’t want to know what the real truth was so they could come out and say with a clear conscience, here is what happened, and that wasn’t it. So it may well be Susan Rice just did not know that her statements were lies. And if she didn’t know, then they are not lies; they are just falsehoods she didn’t know were false. We don’t know, but it is an interesting representation. And it still brings us back to the fact that in certain countries in the world, we don’t have adequate information to check individuals coming in against. No matter how much the credibility of the FBI Director may have been harmed last summer when he came out and made a totally political move of outlining that Hillary Clinton basically committed a crime, but no reasonable prosecutor would pursue this, that is my interpretation of what he said basically, and those who have prosecuted—I have prosecuted. You know, there are a lot of prosecutors who would take that. But he made the statement. So I figured that was pretty political. Despite that, when he says, you know, look, we had some information from some of these countries we got from their governments so that when we see their passport, we see some of this information, we could say, all right, we can check it against their government’s records: What do you have on this person? But we had heard from Syria, for example, that they had actually taken over facilities that could print official passports. So they could print a totally fictitious passport because they have the means to do it. They have captured that. Not only do we not have a cooperating government, but we have no information. We don’t have fingerprints off IEDs like we did from Iraq, and most of the time we had cooperation so we could compare this information. But we had nothing in some of these countries that could give us the assurance that the leaders of radical Islamist groups were not doing exactly what they said they were, and that is infiltrating the refugees with people who were going to come in and kill Americans. They said they were doing that in Europe. At some point we need to take these things seriously. I am thrilled to death to have a President—fortunately it is nice being thrilled to death instead of being beaten or knifed or hit with a truck. But I am thrilled to have a President who is taking seriously the things that the Obama administration found should be taken seriously. Let’s be clear, no one is being discriminated against in the President’s executive order based on religion. Christians, Jews, Muslims, any religious group, agnostics, atheists from the countries designated for a pause—it is not a ban; it is a pause so we can look better at what we need to do. I am thrilled to be joined by one of our sharpest new freshmen. Mr. GAETZ. I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. I similarly thank him for many nights coming to this floor and defending values that are not only uniquely American, but which are unmistakably conservative. I appreciate him for being the fire keeper on this floor for those values and those principles for constituents in his district and in mine and all throughout this great country. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my fellow northwest Floridians, brave airmen who serve at Eglin Air Force Base and Duke Field and skilled 
aviators who train out at NAS Pensacola and Whiting Field and some of the planet Earth’s most hardened and successful warriors in the 7th Special Forces Group and those who also deploy out of Hurlburt Field in northwest Florida. They are the best among us and they often inspire the best within us as a consequence of their patriotic service. So when I encounter them at townhall meetings or in church or at grocery stores, I often ask: How do you do it? How do you leave your family, your home, your community, risk your life, your health to go to places that many Americans couldn’t point to on a map and to fight against an enemy who is evil and vicious and determined and increasingly equipped? And almost to a man and woman, they tell me: We fight them over there so that we don’t have to feel the consequences over here in America. It is that spirit that I join in supporting and honoring in my full throated and unequivocal support of President Trump’s most recent executive order so that we are not devaluing the service of my constituents by risking the lives and the health and security of Americans here in this great country. Mr. Speaker, I wish so much that President Trump’s executive order were unnecessary. I wish that we lived in a world that was more stable and secure, where America could welcome with open arms anyone from anywhere for whatever reason at whatever cost. But the reality is that American taxpayers can’t pay for everything, and American families cannot shoulder the risks of insecurity for the consequences of terrible foreign policy decisions that have been made over the last 8 years. Maybe if the former President hadn’t withdrawn from the Middle East, these regions would be more secure. Maybe if our policies hadn’t so destabilized north Africa that we had failed state after failed state functioning as a caldron of Islamic fundamentalism and terrorism, this order would not have been necessary. But, alas, it is necessary. I think it is important to distinguish between the realities of this executive order and the hysteria that has been created by the media. Some would believe, if they were to look only at media reports, that this was a ban on all Muslims who would seek to come to this country. Let me affirm: our war, our conflict is not with the Muslim faith. As a matter of fact, this consequence, this conflict we are engaged in is all about the future of that faith and religion, and I am hopeful as a Christian that we are able to forge a lasting peace among all people on Earth. The reality is that there are more than 50 countries that are majority Muslim, and most of those countries will see no impact as a consequence of this most recent executive order. But there are seven countries—I guess it is perhaps a bit generous to call them countries, Mr. Speaker, because they are failed states that function to do very little other than to breed more terror and discontent and antiAmericanism. But from those seven countries, the President has taken the position that we ought to take a closer look, we ought to have a beltandsuspenders approach to the security of American families. Of the more than 325,000 people who have recently come to the United States from foreign countries since the President’s most recent executive order, about 100 have been kept for additional screening, more thorough review, and a more thoughtful approach. So as I stand here with the gentleman from Texas, Mr. Speaker, know that I am in full support of President Trump’s most recent order. When I go back to northwest Florida and I look into the eyes of the warfighters, the airmen, the sailors, and the patriots, I will know that in this House there were those who were willing to stand with them, honor their service and sacrifice, and do everything possible to put America first and to keep Americans safe. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, as I told my friend from Florida, I am honored anytime he comes to the floor to speak because he knows what he is talking about. When I was a judge back in Texas, a young prosecutor also shared his first name, and he is now the DA. He is as sincere and intelligent. Anyway, it is just an honor to serve with Mr. GAETZ . I wondered if he might yield for a question. The Attorney General—I am sorry, this is the acting Attorney General because the Senate is dragging its feet on one of its own, JEFFSESSIONS , but this came out today in The Hill that ‘‘Acting Attorney General Sally Yates sent a letter Monday ordering the Justice Department not to defend President Trump’s executive order . . .’’ even though it is an order that basically has been done by the Obama administration—except President Obama had done it one country that is included in the seven for 6 months instead of 3—and also by President Carter. I don’t think he was a Republican. Anyway, these things have been done before, and the letter says we are not going to defend it. This story from Lydia Wheeler today says: ‘‘Yates’s’’—the acting Attorney General—‘‘decision suggests she does not want to put the credibility of the Justice Department behind the order. . . .’’ I wanted to ask the gentleman from Florida, does he have concerns that, if the Justice Department were to defend this executive order, it would hurt the credibility of the Justice Department when acting under its Democratic leadership? Mr. GAETZ. I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding. I believe his question highlights an increasing problem that we have had for the last 8 years that I hope we will cure, and that is the politicization of the important work that the executive branch ought to be doing on behalf of the American people. The Justice Department should not be Republican or Democrat. It should stand up for the rights of all Americans, the laws that are enacted by this Congress, and the orders that are issued by the President. We shouldn’t have circumstances where we have to wonder whether or not the people who are tasked to uphold the law, as the gentleman from Texas did as a jurist and did in a very colored legal career— we shouldn’t have to worry about that. But, in fact, for the last 8 years, that has been the problem. That is perhaps one of the reasons why the Senate should act with due haste in confirming JEFFSESSIONS as the Attorney General, so we go back to a system that is governed by the rule of law, not the rule of popular opinion or politics or one particular ideology. More specifically to the gentleman from Texas’ question, I believe that what undermines the Justice Department is this partisan tilt, are these lenses through which many of President Obama’s appointees evaluate the great questions that impact the security of Americans. The gentleman from Texas correctly points out that what President Trump has done is hardly unprecedented. In 1979, President Carter, hardly one that is held out among conservatives as a great standardbearer on foreign affairs and a strong America, was one who recognized that there were unique challenges in a unique period of time from those who may be coming to the United States from Iran, and he took action. b2045 Similarly, in 2011, President Obama was concerned that, during an act of conflict with Iraq, there may be circumstances where people would come from Iraq to do harm to Americans on American soil, and so he took action. I guess the difference with President Trump is that he is willing to take action immediately, and that we are not going to have a Presidency with a bunch of handwringing and bedwetting over the questions that impact the safety of Americans and the dignity of this country and its borders. President Obama was unwilling to heed the counsel of those in his own administration who indicated that there were insufficient vetting procedures in place previously. And so it strikes me as only reasonable, Mr. Speaker, that a new President coming in, having heard that there were inadequate screening procedures, not from a Trump appointee but from an appointee of President Obama, that we would take a finite period of time, 90 days, and we would analyze what would be the appropriate protocols, screening procedures, and vetting algorithms that we would use to ensure that America’s interests were placed first. 
I am glad we have a President who puts this country first; I am glad we have a President who does not view himself as a citizen of the world more than he views himself as a citizen of this country; and I am glad that he takes that responsibility seriously. And to answer the gentleman’s question, I would say that we ought to have a Justice Department that is led by those who will follow the rule of law, who will defend the rights of Americans, and who will stand up for the security of this country. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Great points. And I wish I were as articulate. I have been critical of the majority leader in the Senate, Senator MCCONNELL , but this story is from CNS News. Majority Leader MCCONNELL says: ‘‘Well, I think it’s a good idea to tighten the vetting process.’’ And he went on to say: ‘‘I don’t want to criticize them’’—the Trump administration—‘‘for improving vetting.’’ And I applaud the majority leader for not running for the hills when all of the media does their typical thing and just goes freaking out. But, we found this story goes also, I think, to illustrate the point Mr. GAETZ was making. This is from Daniel Horowitz’s article today. It turns out that 17 sitting Democrats in the House and Senate voted to ban visas from some Muslim countries and that law still exists today. Of course, this was back in 2002. And back at that time, you had some quite conservative Democrats in the House and Senate, people like Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator DIANNE FEINSTEIN , you know, real bulwarks of conservatism, who voted to ban visas from these type countries, of the Muslim majority countries, as CNN would like to call them. Gee, names like CARDIN , MARKEY , MENENDEZ , MURRAY , NELSON  of Florida, REEDof Rhode Island, S ANDERSof Vermont. Wow, there is another conservative, SANDERS of Vermont. SCHUMER , another strong hearted conservative. STABENOW , WYDEN , DURBIN , FEINSTEIN , LEAHY , and U DALL . So it kind of begs the question: If this is only a temporary ban from countries until we can ascertain better vetting, how much worse is it for these 73 sitting Democrats to have voted for a permanent ban? That is rather shocking. And it is notable that President Obama, not exactly consistent with former President George W. Bush who went 8 years without coming out and making formal criticisms—well, President Obama has said he is very heartened by all of the antiTrump protests. We even have Democrats here in the House who said: ‘‘ . . . as we’ve heard before, the President fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.’’ Because I know my friend here in the House would not misrepresent the truth. So it just shows, obviously, he hasn’t read this executive order that makes very clear it is not banning a religion or a faith, it is countries where we don’t have enough information. And I just find it interesting that we are standing on the side of 73 Democrats—MARKEY , BERNIE SANDERS , FEINSTEIN , people like that—who thought it was a good idea when they were closer to 9/11. Mr. GAETZ. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. GOHMERT. I yield to the gentleman from Florida. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Texas yielding for a question. Not long ago, we heard members of the Congressional Black Caucus take to this floor and make the argument that it was hypocritical and improper that in President Trump’s order and in the followon execution of that order by the Department of Homeland Security that there would be some preference given to religious minorities in these predominantly Muslim countries, particularly Christians, who are often persecuted, harmed, or killed. In many circumstances in which the President has allowed for through exceptions to his order, there will be people from these seven countries allowed into the United States as a consequence of the persecution that they feel and that they endure as a consequence of their Christian faith. And so my question to the gentleman from Texas is whether or not he shares the Congressional Black Caucus’ view that it is improper to treat Christians who are being discriminated against in these predominantly Muslim countries differently and to give them the opportunity to immigrate to the United States of America and realize freedom in the absence of this terrible persecution that they feel? Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, my friend makes such a great point. I think the way this country has, in recent years, been so discriminatory as has been the United Nations against Christian refugees, I am afraid that this United States of America could be called to account for the slaughter of so many Christians who we could have helped. And as we know from the numbers, there are a lot of excuses by the U.N. as to why they are not helping an equal percentage of Christians to the percentage of makeup of those countries they are coming from. There have been all kinds of excuses. But even our Secretary of State, under the last administration, John Kerry, admitted there was a genocide going on of Christians in the Middle East. Now, there is not a genocide going on of Muslims in these countries. There are Sunni versus Shia and vice versa, and there are clashes within the Islamic religion, but there is not a genocide of all Muslims in any of these countries. And yet there is clearly a genocide clear enough for John Kerry to note. So one of the most heinous and outrageous answers that I have heard a U.N. general secretary make was—well, I didn’t hear it, I read—that the U.N. general secretary was asked about a year and a half or so ago, when he was in charge of the United Nations’ refugee program, and this issue of the U.N. not helping the same percentage, in fact, just helping a fraction of the percentage of Christians who exist in these countries, his response was basically that it was important to leave these Christians in the areas where they are being killed because they have historical precedence in those areas. So we are going to bring Muslims out, according to the U.N. general secretary, because they didn’t have as much historical significance, whereas the Christians who are being wiped out—throats cut, heads cut off, crucified, women raped, and just the most heinous of crimes committed against individuals are taking place—our U.N. general secretary and, apparently under our past President, the State Department felt like it was important to leave Christians there in larger percentages than existed among the refugees of Muslim because, hey, they have been there a long while, so let’s leave them there, which ultimately means they will all be slaughtered. It is quite distressing. But here is a point made by George Rasley today in an article, ‘‘President Trump Stops Suicidal Immigration Policy . . . ,’’ where he points out that: ‘‘Had President Trump’s policy been in place participants in many Muslim terrorist incidents would have been prevented from entering our country, for example the Ohio State University attack by Somali ‘refugee’ Abdul Razak Ali Artan, the September 2016 stabbing attack in a mall in St. Cloud, Minnesota, and two foiled bomb plots— one in Portland, Oregon, in 2010 and one in Columbus, Ohio, in 2000. ‘‘Indeed, some 74 terrorist incidents have been attributed to Somali Muslims alone. And while the Obama administration did its best to coverup the immigration status of the perpetrators we know that at least 13 of them were admitted to the U.S. as ‘refugees.’ ‘‘Fourteen were legal permanent residents at the time of their radical activity, and 10 were naturalized citizens.’’ So it is quite disturbing. And by the way, as a result of the Kentucky case where we had two refugees who had been brought in from Iraq, it was reported, in 2013, that in 2009, two al Qaeda Iraq terrorists were living as refugees in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Anyway, because of that discovery, the Obama State Department stopped processing Iraq refugees for 6 months in 2011. So I do think it is important, as people keep screaming around here, what I believe as a Christian, Jesus said: The greatest commandment is to love God, and the second, he said, is to love each other. But he had also stated: Love thy neighbor as thy self. And what some have not realized, if you don’t like America, if you don’t 
like Americans, if you don’t like our own country, and you don’t love yourself, it is a bit hard to love your neighbor as yourself if you don’t love yourself. I think it is time Americans stood up and thanked God for—and/or thank whatever force they may be, some would say, or agnostic, whatever—just thank your lucky stars, but be thankful we have had the opportunities to live in the greatest country in the history of the world. And the only one who has truly given lives and treasure, not for imperialist sake but simply for freedom sake, for liberty sake, for people we didn’t know, but we wanted them to share in freedom and liberty. That is a rare country. It has been a blessed and blessed country. And I think it is important that if we are going to continue or get back to being that city on a hill, glowing that draws people to it, that would draw people to the Statue of Liberty, you have to be a nation of laws, you have to protect the people in the country, otherwise we go back to the Dark Ages, and we become a country that no one wants to come risk their lives to get to because there is nothing special. b2100 We squandered our opportunities and refused to take up our responsibilities to protect this Nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for a friend like Mr. MATTGAETZ from Florida, as articulate and intelligent as he is, and I look forward to working with him and with the Speaker in the days ahead. God has blessed America. Let’s keep asking for God to bless America. If we ask, we are told: you will be given. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. DESJARLAIS (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of attending his father’s funeral. Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and January 31 on account of family emergency. Mr. DEFAZIO (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today on account of illness. 
THE 115TH CONGRESS  U.S. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of House rule XI, I am submitting the rules of the Committee on the Budget for the 115th Congress. The rules were adopted during our Committee’s organizational meeting on January 24, 2017. Sincerely, DIANE BLACK , Interim Chairman. GENERAL APPLICABILITY  
RULE 1 —APPLICABILITY OF HOUSE RULES  (a) Except as otherwise specified herein, the Rules of the House of Representatives are the rules of the Committee so far as applicable, except that a motion to recess from day to day, or a motion to recess subject to the call of the Chair (within 24 hours), or a motion to dispense with the first reading (in full) of a bill or resolution, if printed copies are available, is a nondebatable motion of privilege in the Committee. A proposed investigative or oversight report shall be considered as read if it has been available to the members of the Committee for at least 24 hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, or legal holidays except when the House is in session on such day). (b) The Committee’s rules shall be publicly available in electronic form and published in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Chair of the Committee is elected in each oddnumbered year. MEETINGS  
RULE 2 —REGULAR MEETINGS  (a) The regular meeting day of the Committee shall be the second Wednesday of each month at 11 a.m., while the House is in session, if notice is given pursuant to paragraph (c) and paragraph (g)(3) of clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. (b) Regular meetings shall be canceled when they conflict with meetings of either party’s caucus or conference. (c) The Chair shall give written notice of the date, place, and subject matter of any Committee meeting, which may not commence earlier than the third day on which members have notice thereof, unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of business, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, in which case the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. An announcement shall be published promptly in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
RULE 3 —ADDITIONAL AND SPECIAL MEETINGS  (a) The Chair may call and convene additional meetings of the Committee as the Chair considers necessary or special meetings at the request of a majority of the members of the Committee in accordance with clause 2(c) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. (b) In the absence of exceptional circumstances, the Chair shall provide public electronic notice of additional meetings to the office of each member at least 24 hours in advance while Congress is in session, and at least three days in advance when Congress is not in session. 
RULE 4 —OPEN BUSINESS MEETINGS  (a) Meetings and hearings of the Committee shall be called to order and presided over by the Chair or, in the Chair’s absence, by the member designated by the Chair as the Vice Chair of the Committee, or by the Ranking majority member of the Committee present as Acting Chair. (b) Each meeting for the transaction of Committee business, including the markup of measures, shall be open to the public except when the Committee, in open session and with a quorum present, determines by roll call vote that all or part of the remainder of the meeting on that day shall be closed to the public in accordance with clause 2(g)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. (c) No person, other than members of the Committee and such congressional staff and departmental representatives as the Committee may authorize, shall be present at any business or markup session which has been closed to the public. (d) Not later than 24 hours after commencing a meeting to consider a measure or matter, the Chair of the Committee shall cause the text of such measure or matter and any amendment adopted thereto to be made publicly available in electronic form. RULE 5 —QUORUMS  (a) A majority of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. No business shall be transacted and no measure or recommendation shall be reported unless a quorum is actually present. 
RULE 6 —RECOGNITION  (a) Any member, when recognized by the Chair, may address the Committee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consideration before the Committee. The time of such member shall be limited to 5 minutes until all members present have been afforded an opportunity to comment. 
RULE 7 —CONSIDERATION OF BUSINESS  (a) Measures or matters may be placed before the Committee, for its consideration, by the Chair or by a majority vote of the Committee members, a quorum being present. 
RULE 8 —AVAILABILITY OF LEGISLATION  (a) The Committee shall consider no bill, joint resolution, or concurrent resolution unless copies of the measure have been made available to all Committee members at least 24 hours prior to the time at which such measure is to be considered. When considering concurrent resolutions on the budget, this requirement shall be satisfied by making available copies of the complete Chairman’s mark (or such material as will provide the basis for Committee consideration). The provisions of this rule may be suspended with the concurrence of the Chair and Ranking Minority Member. (b) At least 24 hours prior to the commencement of a meeting for the markup of legislation, the Chair shall cause the text of such legislation to be made publicly available in electronic form. 
BUDGET RESOLUTION  (a) It shall be the policy of the Committee that the starting point for any deliberations on a concurrent resolution on the budget should be the estimated or actual levels for the fiscal year preceding the budget year. (b) In the consideration of a concurrent resolution on the budget, the Committee shall first proceed, unless otherwise determined by the Committee, to consider budget aggregates, functional categories, and other appropriate matters on a tentative basis, with the document before the Committee open to amendment. Subsequent amendments may be offered to aggregates, functional categories, or other appropriate matters, which have already been amended in their entirety. (c) Following adoption of the aggregates, functional categories, and other matters, the text of a concurrent resolution on the budget incorporating such aggregates, functional categories, and other appropriate matters shall be considered for amendment and a final vote. 
RULE 10 —ROLL CALL VOTES  (a) A roll call of the members may be had upon the request of at least onefifth of those present. In the apparent absence of a quorum, a roll call may be had on the request of any member. (b) No vote may be conducted on any measure or motion pending before the Committee unless a quorum is present for such purpose. (c) No vote by any member of the Committee on any measure or matter may be cast by proxy. 
(d) In accordance with clause 2(e)(1)(B) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, a record of the vote of each Committee member on each recorded vote shall be available for public inspection at the offices of the Committee and also made publicly available in electronic form within 48 hours of such record vote, and, with respect to any roll call vote on any motion to amend or report, shall be included in the report of the Committee showing the total number of votes cast for and against and the names of those members voting for and against. HEARINGS  
RULE 11 —ANNOUNCEMENT OF HEARINGS  (a) The Chair shall make a public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any Committee hearing at least one week before the hearing, beginning with the day in which the announcement is made and ending the day preceding the scheduled hearing unless the Chair, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by majority vote with a quorum present for the transaction of business, determines there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, in which case the Chair shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. Such announcement shall be published promptly in the Daily Digest and made publicly available in electronic form. 
RULE 12 —OPEN HEARINGS  (a) Each hearing conducted by the Committee or any of its task forces shall be open to the public except when the Committee or task force, in open session and with a quorum present, determines by roll call vote that all or part of the remainder of that hearing on that day shall be closed to the public because disclosure of testimony, evidence, or other matters to be considered would endanger the national security, or would compromise sensitive law enforcement information, or would tend to defame, degrade, or incriminate any person, or would violate any law or rule of the House of Representatives. The Committee or task forces may by the same procedure vote to close one subsequent day of hearing. (b) For the purposes clause 2(g)(2) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the task forces of the Committee are considered to be subcommittees. 
RULE 13 —QUORUMS  (a) For the purpose of hearing testimony, not less than two members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
RULE 14 —QUESTIONING WITNESSES  (a) Questioning of witnesses will be conducted under the 5minute rule unless the Committee adopts a motion pursuant to clause 2(j) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. (b) In questioning witnesses under the 5 minute rule: (1) First, the Chair and the Ranking Minority Member shall be recognized; (2) Next, the Committee members present at the time the hearing is called to order shall be recognized in order of seniority; and (3) Finally, the Committee members not present at the time the hearing is called to order may be recognized in the order of their arrival at the hearing. (c) In recognizing Committee members to question witnesses, the Chair may take into consideration the ratio of majority members to minority members and the number of majority and minority members present and shall apportion the recognition for questioning in such a manner as not to disadvantage the members of the majority. (d) Notwithstanding the provisions of subparagraph (A), the Chair and Ranking Minority Member may designate an equal number of members from each party to question a witness for a period not longer than 30 minutes, or may designate staff from each party to question a witness for a period not longer than 30 minutes. RULE 15 —SUBPOENAS AND OATHS  (a) In accordance with clause 2(m) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, subpoenas authorized by a majority of the Committee or by the Chair (pursuant to such rules and limitations as the Committee may prescribe) may be issued over the signature of the Chair or of any member of the Committee designated by him, and may be served by any person designated by the Chair or such member. (b) The Chair, or any member of the Committee designated by the Chair, may administer oaths to witnesses. 
RULE 16 —WITNESSES ’ STATEMENTS  (a) So far as practicable, any prepared statement to be presented by a witness shall be submitted to the Committee at least 24 hours in advance of presentation, and shall be distributed to all members of the Committee in advance of presentation. (b) To the greatest extent possible, each witness appearing in a nongovernmental capacity shall include with the written statement of proposed testimony a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of any Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) received during the current fiscal year or either of the two preceding fiscal years. (c) Such statements, with appropriate redactions to protect the privacy of witnesses, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. PRINTS AND PUBLICATIONS  
RULE 17 —COMMITTEE PRINTS  (a) All Committee prints and other materials prepared for public distribution shall be approved by the Committee prior to any distribution, unless such print or other material shows clearly on its face that it has not been approved by the Committee. 
INTERNET  (a) To the maximum extent feasible, the Committee shall make its publications available in electronic form. STAFF  
RULE 19 —COMMITTEE STAFF  (a) Subject to approval by the Committee and to the provisions of the following paragraphs, the professional and clerical staff of the Committee shall be appointed, and may be removed, by the Chair. (b) Committee staff shall not be assigned any duties other than those pertaining to Committee business, and shall be selected without regard to race, creed, gender, or age, and solely on the basis of fitness to perform the duties of their respective positions. (c) All Committee staff shall be entitled to equitable treatment, including comparable salaries, facilities, access to official Committee records, leave, and hours of work. (d) Notwithstanding paragraphs (a), (b), and (c), staff shall be employed in compliance with House rules, the Employment and Accountability Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, and any other applicable Federal statutes. 
RULE 20 —STAFF SUPERVISION  (a) Staff shall be under the general supervision and direction of the Chair, who shall establish and assign their duties and responsibilities, delegate such authority as he deems appropriate, fix and adjust staff salaries (in accordance with Rule X, clause 9(c) of the Rules of the House of Representatives) and job titles, and, at his discretion, arrange for their specialized training. (b) Staff assigned to the minority shall be under the general supervision and direction of the minority members of the Committee, who may delegate such authority, as they deem appropriate. RECORDS  
COMMITTEE RECORDS  (a) A substantially verbatim account of remarks actually made during the proceedings shall be made of all hearings and business meetings subject only to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections. (b) The proceedings of the Committee shall be recorded in a journal, which shall among other things, include a record of the votes on any question on which a record vote is taken. (c) Members of the Committee shall correct and return transcripts of hearings as soon as practicable after receipt thereof, except that any changes shall be limited to technical, grammatical, and typographical corrections. (d) Any witness may examine the transcript of his own testimony and make grammatical, technical, and typographical corrections. (e) The Chair may order the printing of a hearing record without the corrections of any member or witness if he determines that such member or witness has been afforded a reasonable time for correction, and that further delay would seriously impede the Committee’s responsibility for meeting its deadlines under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. (f) Transcripts of hearings and meetings may be printed if the Chair decides it is appropriate, or if a majority of the members so request. 
RULE 22 —ACCESS TO COMMITTEE RECORDS  (a)(1) The Chair shall promulgate regulations to provide for public inspection of roll call votes and to provide access by members to Committee records (in accordance with clause 2(e) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives). (b) Access to classified testimony and information shall be limited to Members of Congress and to House Budget Committee staff and staff of the Office of Official Reporters who have appropriate security clearance. (c) Notice of the receipt of such information shall be sent to the Committee members. Such information shall be kept in the Committee safe, and shall be available to members in the Committee office. (d) The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chair shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on the written request of any member of the Committee. OVERSIGHT  
RULE 23 —GENERAL OVERSIGHT  (a) The Committee shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject of which is within its jurisdiction. (b) The Committee is authorized at any time to conduct such investigations and studies as it may consider necessary or appropriate in the exercise of its responsibilities under clause (1)(d) of Rule X of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, and, subject to the adoption of expense resolutions as required by clause 6 of rule X of the House Rules, to incur expenses (including travel expenses) in connection therewith. (c) Not later than February 15 of the first session of a Congress, the Committee shall meet in open session, with a quorum present, to adopt its oversight plans for that Congress for submission to the Committee on House Administration, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Committee on Appropriations in accordance with the provisions of clause (2)(d) of Rule X of the Rules of the House of Representatives. REPORTS  
RULE 24 —AVAILABILITY BEFORE FILING  (a) Any report accompanying any bill or resolution ordered reported to the House by the Committee shall be available to all Committee members at least 36 hours prior to filing with the House. (b) No material change shall be made in any report made available to members pursuant to section (a) without the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member or by a majority vote of the Committee. (c) Notwithstanding any other rule of the Committee, either or both subsections (a) and (b) may be waived by the Chair or with a majority vote by the Committee. 
RULE 25 —REPORT ON THE BUDGET RESOLUTION  (a) The report of the Committee to accompany a concurrent resolution on the budget shall include a comparison of the estimated or actual levels for the year preceding the budget year with the proposed spending and revenue levels for the budget year and each outyear along with the appropriate percentage increase or decrease for each budget function and aggregate. The report shall include any roll call vote on any motion to amend or report any measure. 
AND SECTION 302 STATUS REPORT  (a)(1) In order to carry out its duty under sections 311 and 312 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to advise the House of Representatives as to the current level of spending and revenues as compared to the levels set forth in the latest agreedupon concurrent resolution on the budget, the Committee shall advise the Speaker on at least a monthly basis when the House is in session as to its estimate of the current level of spending and revenue. Such estimates shall be prepared by the staff of the Committee, transmitted to the Speaker in the form of a Parliamentarian’s Status Report, and printed in the Congressional Record. (2) The Committee authorizes the Chair, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, to transmit to the Speaker the Parliamentarian’s Status Report described above. (b)(1) In order to carry out its duty under sections 302 and 312 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to advise the House of Representatives as to the current level of spending within the jurisdiction of Committees as compared to the appropriate allocations made pursuant to the Budget Act in conformity with the latest agreedupon concurrent resolution on the budget, the Committee shall, as necessary, advise the Speaker as to its estimate of the current level of spending within the jurisdiction of appropriate Committees. Such estimates shall be prepared by the staff of the Committee and transmitted to the Speaker in the form of a Section 302 Status Report. (2) The Committee authorizes the Chair, in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, to transmit to the Speaker the Section 302 Status Report described above. 
RULE 27 —ACTIVITY REPORT  (a) After an adjournment sine die of a regular session of a Congress or after December 15 of an evennumbered year, the chair of the Committee may file any time with the Clerk the Committee’s activity report for that Congress pursuant to clause (1)(d)(1) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives without the approval of the Committee, if a copy of the report has been available to each member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days and the report includes any supplemental, minority, or additional views submitted by a member of the Committee. (b) Such report shall include separate sections summarizing the legislative and oversight activities of the Committee; a summary of the actions taken and recommendations made; a summary of any additional oversight activities undertaken by the Committee, and any recommendations made or actions taken thereon; and a delineation of any hearings held. MISCELLANEOUS  
HEARINGS  (a) It shall be the policy of the Committee to give all news media access to open hearings of the Committee, subject to the requirements and limitations set forth in clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. (b) Whenever any Committee business meeting is open to the public, that meeting may be covered, in whole or in part, by television broadcast, radio broadcast, still photography, or by any of such methods of coverage, in accordance with clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
RULE 29 —APPOINTMENT OF CONFEREES  (a) Majority party members recommended to the Speaker as conferees shall be recommended by the Chair subject to the approval of the majority party members of the Committee. (b) The Chair shall recommend such minority party members as conferees as shall be determined by the minority party; the recommended party representation shall be in approximately the same proportion as that in the Committee. 
RULE 30 —WAIVERS  (a) When a reported bill or joint resolution, conference report, or anticipated floor amendment violates any provision of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the Chair may, if practical, consult with the Committee members on whether the Chair should recommend, in writing, that the Committee on Rules report a special rule that enforces the Act by not waiving the applicable points of order during the consideration of such measure. f 
GOVERNMENT REFORM FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of House Rule XI, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform adopted its rules for the 115th Congress on January 24, 2017, and I submit them now for publication in the Congressional Record. Sincerely, JASON CHAFFETZ , Chairman. 
RULE 1 —GENERAL  (a) Rules of the House. The Rules of the House are the rules of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform (‘‘the Committee’’) and its subcommittees so far as applicable. (b) Application of the Rules. Except where the terms ‘‘the Committee’’ and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically referred to, the following rules shall apply to the Committee and its subcommittees as well as to their respective chairs, ranking minority members, members, and staff. RULE 2 —MEETINGS  (a) Regular Meetings. The regular meetings of the Committee shall be held on the second Thursday of each month at 10 a.m., when the House is in session. The Chair of the Committee is authorized to dispense with a regular meeting or to change the date thereof when circumstances warrant. (b) Additional and Special Meetings. The Chair of the Committee may call and convene additional meetings, when circumstances warrant. A special meeting of the Committee may be requested by members of the Committee pursuant to the provisions of House Rule XI, clause 2(c)(2). (c) Subcommittee Meetings. Each subcommittee shall meet at the call of its chair, subject to Rule 7. (d) Presiding Member. The chair of the Committee or a subcommittee shall preside over each meeting and hearing thereof (‘‘the presiding member’’). If the chair of the Committee or a subcommittee is not present during a meeting or hearing thereof, the Vice Chair of the Committee or subcommittee, designated pursuant to House Rule XI, clause 2(d), shall serve as the presiding member during the absence of the chair. If the chair and vice chair of the Committee or a subcommittee are not present during a meeting or hearing thereof, the ranking member of the majority party on the Committee or subcommittee who is present shall serve as the presiding member during the absence of the chair and vice chair. (e) Notice. The chair of the Committee or a subcommittee shall announce the date, place, and subject matter of a meeting or hearing pursuant to House Rule XI, clause 2(g)(3)(A). (f) Agenda. Every member of the Committee, unless prevented by unusual circumstances, shall be provided with a memorandum at least 72 hours before each meeting or hearing explaining: (1) the purpose of the meeting or hearing; and (2) the names, titles, background and reasons for appearance of any witnesses. The ranking minority member shall be responsible for providing the same information on witnesses whom the minority may request. (g) Availability of Text. To the maximum extent practicable, amendments to a measure or matter shall be submitted in writing or electronically to the designee of the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee or a subcommittee at least 24 hours prior to its consideration of the measure or matter. The chair may exercise discretion to give priority to amendments submitted in advance. 
RULE 3 —QUORUMS  (a) Generally. A majority of the members of the Committee or a subcommittee shall form a quorum for the Committee or subcommittee, respectively, except that two members shall constitute a quorum for taking testimony and receiving evidence, and one third of the members shall form a quorum for taking any action other than for which the presence of a majority of the Committee or subcommittee is otherwise required. (b) Subcommittee Field Hearings. The Chair of the Committee may, at the request of a subcommittee chair, make a temporary assignment of any member of the Committee 
to such subcommittee for the purpose of constituting a quorum at and participating in any public hearing by such subcommittee to be held outside of Washington, DC. A member appointed to such temporary positions shall not be a voting member. The Chair of the Committee shall give reasonable notice of such temporary assignment to the ranking minority member of the Committee and of the respective subcommittee. 
RULE 4 —COMMITTEE REPORTS  (a) Bills and Resolutions. Each bill or resolution approved by the Committee shall be reported by the Chair of the Committee pursuant to House Rule XIII, clauses 2–4. (b) Approval of Investigative and Oversight Reports. Only those investigative or oversight reports approved by a majority vote of the Committee at a meeting at which a quorum is present may be ordered printed, unless otherwise required by the Rules of the House of Representatives. (c) Notice of Investigative and Oversight Reports. A proposed investigative or oversight report shall not be considered in the Committee unless the proposed report has been available to the members of the Committee for at least three calendar days (excluding Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays, unless the House is in session on such days) before consideration of such proposed report in the Committee. If a hearing has been held on the matter reported upon, every reasonable effort shall be made to have such hearing printed and available to the members of the Committee before the consideration of the proposed report in the Committee. (d) Additional Views. If at the time of approval of a report, a member of the Committee gives notice of intent to file supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views any member of the Committee shall be entitled to file such views following House Rule XI, clause 2(1) and Rule XIII, clause 3(a)(1). 
RULE 5 —RECORD VOTES  (a) Request for Record Vote. A record vote of the members may be had upon the request of any member upon approval of a onefifth vote of the members present. (b) Postponement of a Record Vote. Pursuant to House Rule XI, clause 2 (h)(4), the presiding member at a meeting is authorized to postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment and to resume proceedings on a postponed question at any time after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. After consultation with the ranking minority member, the chair shall take reasonable steps to notify members on the resumption of proceedings on any postponed record vote. 
RULE 6 —SUBCOMMITTEES ; REFERRALS  (a)(1) There shall be six subcommittees of the Committee, with appropriate party ratios, as follows: (A) Subcommittee on Government Operations, which shall have legislative and oversight jurisdiction over government management and accounting measures; the economy, efficiency, and management of government operations and activities; procurement; federal property; public information; federal records; federal civil service; government reorganizations; the U.S. Postal Service; the National Archives; the Census Bureau; and the District of Columbia. (B) Subcommittee on Healthcare, Benefits, and Administrative Rules, which shall have oversight jurisdiction over health care policy, administration, and programs; regulatory affairs; governmentwide rules and regulations; financial services; and the administration and solvency of benefit and entitlement programs; and legislative jurisdiction over regulatory affairs and federal paperwork reduction. (C) Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environment, which shall have oversight jurisdiction over energy policy, public lands, environmental policy, fish and wildlife, mining, energy development, pollution, and related regulations. (D) Subcommittee on Information Technology, which shall have oversight jurisdiction over information security, including cybersecurity and federal information security; information technology policy, management, and procurement; emerging technologies; intellectual property; telecommunications; and privacy. (E) Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs, which shall have legislative and oversight jurisdiction over the relationship between the federal government and states and municipalities, including unfunded mandates, federal regulations, grants, and programs. (F) Subcommittee on National Security, which shall have oversight jurisdiction over national security; homeland security; foreign operations, including the relationships between the United States and international organizations of which the United States is a member; immigration; defense; and criminal justice. (2) In addition, each subcommittee shall have specific responsibility for such other measures or matters as the Chair of the Committee refers to it. (3) Each subcommittee with legislative jurisdiction shall review and study, on a continuing basis, the application, administration, execution, and effectiveness of those laws, or parts of laws, the subject matter of which is within its general responsibility. (b) Referrals. Bills, resolutions, and other matters may be expeditiously referred by the Chair of the Committee to subcommittees, as appropriate in the determination of the Chair of the Committee, for consideration or investigation in accordance with subcommittees’ jurisdictions. Bills, resolutions, and other matters referred to subcommittees may be rereferred or discharged by the Chair of the Committee when, in the judgment of the Chair, the subcommittee is not able to complete its work or cannot reach agreement therein. (c) Membership. The Chair of the Committee shall assign members to the subcommittees and shall designate the chair and vicechair of each subcommittee. Minority party assignments, including designation of the ranking minority member of each subcommittee, shall be made only with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. (d) Ex Officio Membership. The Chair of the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall be ex officio members of all subcommittees. They are authorized to vote on subcommittee matters; but, unless they are regular members of the subcommittee, they shall not be counted in determining a subcommittee quorum other than a quorum for taking testimony. 
PROCEDURE  (a) Generally. Each subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, markup legislation, and report to the Committee on any measure or matter referred to it. (b) During Committee Meetings and Hearings. No subcommittee may meet or hold a hearing at the same time as a meeting or hearing of the Committee. (c) Scheduling. Each subcommittee chair shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chair of the Committee with a view toward assuring the availability of meeting rooms and avoiding simultaneous scheduling of meetings or hearings. RULE 8 —STAFF  (a) Employment Authority. Except as otherwise provided by House Rule X, clauses 6, 7 and 9, the Chair of the Committee shall have the authority to hire and discharge employees of the professional and clerical staff of the Committee and subcommittees. (b) Duties. Except as otherwise provided by House Rule X, clauses 6, 7 and 9, the staff of the Committee and subcommittees shall be subject to the direction of the Chair of the Committee and shall perform such duties as the Chair of the Committee may assign. 
RULE 9 —HEARINGS  (a) Generally. Hearings shall be conducted according to the procedures in House Rule XI, clause 2(k). All questions put to witnesses before the Committee or a subcommittee shall be relevant to the subject matter before the Committee or subcommittee for consideration, and the presiding member shall rule on the relevance of any question put to a witness. (b) Recognition and Order of Questioning. A member may question witnesses only when recognized by the presiding member for that purpose. In accordance with House Rule XI, clause 2(j)(2), the fiveminute rule shall apply during the questioning of witnesses in a hearing. The presiding member shall, so far as practicable, recognize alternately based on seniority of those majority and minority members present at the time the hearing was called to order and others based on their arrival at the hearing. After that, additional time may be extended at the direction of the presiding member. (c) Extended Questioning. The presiding member, or the Committee or subcommittee by motion, may permit a specified number of majority and minority members to question a witness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty minutes for each side. (d) Staff Questioning. The presiding member, or the Committee or subcommittee by motion, may permit Committee or subcommittee staff of the majority and minority to question a witness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty minutes for each side. (e) Time for Questioning. Nothing in paragraph (c) or (d) affects the rights of a member (other than a member designated under paragraph (c)) to question a witness for 5 minutes in accordance with paragraph (b). In any extended questioning permitted under paragraph (c) or (d), the presiding member shall determine how to allocate the time permitted for extended questioning by majority members or staff, and the ranking minority member shall determine how to allocate the time permitted for extended questioning by minority members or staff. (f) Witness Statements. Witnesses appearing before the Committee or a subcommittee shall, so far as practicable, submit written statements at least 24 hours before their appearance. (g) Oaths. The presiding member may administer oaths to any witness before the Committee or subcommittee. All witnesses appearing in hearings may be administered the following oath by the presiding member prior to receiving the testimony: ‘‘Do you solemnly swear or affirm that the testimony that you are about to give is the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, so help you God?’’ 
TRANSPARENCY  (a) Generally. The Committee and subcommittee staff shall maintain in the Committee offices a complete record of Committee and subcommittee actions from the current Congress including a record of the roll call votes taken at business meetings. The original records, or true copies thereof, as appropriate, shall be available for public inspection whenever the Committee offices are open for public business. The staff shall assure that such original records are preserved with no unauthorized alteration, additions, or defacement. (b) Transcripts of Proceedings. A stenographic record of all testimony shall be kept of public hearings and shall be made available on such conditions as the Chair of the Committee may prescribe. (c) Open Meetings. Meetings and hearings shall be open to the public or closed in accordance with the Rules of the House of Representatives. (d) Committee Website. The Chair of the Committee shall maintain an official website on behalf of the Committee for the purpose of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. To the greatest extent practicable, the Chair of the Committee shall ensure that Committee records are made available on the Committee’s official website in appropriate formats. (e) Minority Website. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee is authorized to maintain an official website on behalf of the minority members of the Committee for the same purpose as in paragraph (d), including communicating information about the activities of the minority to Committee members and other members of the House. (f) Archived Records. The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with rule VII of the Rules of the House. The Chair shall notify the Ranking Minority Member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on written request of any member of the Committee. 
COMMITTEE PROCEEDINGS  (a) Generally. An open meeting or hearing may be covered, in whole or in part, by television broadcast, radio broadcast, internet broadcast, and still photography, unless closed subject to the provisions of House Rules. Any such coverage shall conform to the provisions of House Rule XI, clause 4. (b) Committee Broadcast System. Use of the Committee Broadcast System shall be fair and nonpartisan, and in accordance with House Rule XI, clause 4(b), and all other applicable rules of the House and the Committee. Members of the Committee shall have prompt access to a copy of coverage by the Committee Broadcast System, to the extent that such coverage is maintained. (c) Other Coverage. Personnel providing coverage of an open meeting or hearing of the Committee by internet broadcast, other than through the Committee Broadcast System shall be currently accredited to the Radio and Television Correspondents’ Galleries. If the Committee Broadcast System is not available, the Chair of the Committee may, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, direct staff to provide coverage in a manner that is fair and nonpartisan and in accordance with House Rule XI, clause 4. RULE 12 —ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF THE CHAIR OF  
THE COMMITTEE  The Chair of the Committee shall: (a) Make available to other committees the findings and recommendations resulting from the investigations of the Committee, as required by House Rule X, clause 4(c)(2); (b) Direct such review and studies on— (1) the impact or probable impact of tax policies affecting subjects within the Committee’s jurisdiction, as required by House Rule X, clause 2(c); (2) the operation of Government activities at all levels with a view to determining their economy and efficiency, as required by House Rule X, clause 3(i); (3) the effect of laws enacted to reorganize the legislative and executive branches of the Government, as required by House Rule X, clause 4(c)(1)(B); and (4) intergovernmental relationships between the United States and the States and municipalities and between the United States and international organizations of which the United States is a member, as required by House Rule X, clause 4(c)(1)(C); (c) Submit to the Committee on House Administration and the Committee on Appropriations the Committee’s authorization and oversight plan as required by House Rule X, clause 2(d); (d) Report to the House by March 31 in the first session of Congress, after consultation with the Speaker, the Majority Leader, and the Minority Leader, the authorization and oversight plans submitted by committees together with any recommendations that the Committee or the House leadership group described above may make to ensure the most effective coordination of authorization and oversight pans and otherwise achieve the objectives of House Rule X, clause 2; (e) Submit to the House such recommendations as the Committee considers necessary or desirable in connection with the reports of the Comptroller General, as required by House Rule X, clause 4(c)(1)(A); (f) Submit to the Committee on the Budget views and estimates required by House Rule X, clause 4(f), and to file reports with the House as required by the Congressional Budget Act; (g) Authorize and issue subpoenas as provided in House Rule XI, clause 2(m), in the conduct of any investigation or activity or series of investigations or activities within the jurisdiction of the Committee; (h) Prepare, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, a budget for the Committee; (i) Make any necessary technical and conforming changes to legislation reported by the Committee upon unanimous consent; and (j) Offer motions under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House (motion to request or agree to a conference) whenever the Chair of the Committee considers it appropriate. 
RESOLUTIONS  (a) Commemorative Stamps. The determination of the subject matter of commemorative stamps and new semipostal issues is properly for consideration by the Postmaster General and the Committee will not give consideration to legislative proposals specifying the subject matter of commemorative stamps and new semipostal issues. It is suggested that recommendations for the subject matter of stamps be submitted to the Postmaster General. (b) Postal Naming Bills. The consideration of bills designating facilities of the United States Postal Service shall be conducted so as to minimize the time spent on such matters by the Committee and the House. (c) Resolutions. The Chair of the Committee shall not request to have scheduled any resolution for consideration under suspension of the Rules, which expresses appreciation, commends, congratulates, celebrates, recognizes the accomplishments of, or celebrates the anniversary of, an entity, event, group, individual, institution, team or government program; or acknowledges or recognizes a period of time for such purposes. RULE 14 —PANELS AND TASK FORCES  (a) Generally. The Chair of the Committee is authorized to appoint panels or task forces to carry out the duties and functions of the Committee. (b) Ex Officio Membership. The Chair and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may serve as exofficio members of each panel or task force established under this Rule. (c) Appointment of Leadership. The chair of any panel or task force shall be appointed by the Chair of the Committee. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall select a ranking minority member for each panel or task force. (d) Application of Rules. The House and Committee rules applicable to subcommittee meetings, hearings, recommendations, and reports shall apply to the meetings, hearings, recommendations, and reports of panels and task forces. (e) Termination. No panel or task force appointed under this Rule shall continue in existence for more than six months. A panel or task force appointed under this Rule may, upon the expiration of six months, be reappointed by the chair. 
RULE 15 —DEPOSITION AUTHORITY  (a) Generally. The Chair of the Committee, upon consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, may order the taking of depositions, under oath and pursuant to notice or subpoena. (b) Notices. Notices for the taking of depositions shall specify the date, time, and place of examination (if other than within the Committee offices). (c) Oaths. Depositions shall be taken under oath administered by a member or a person otherwise authorized to administer oaths. (d) Consultation. Consultation with the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall include three business days’ notice before any deposition is taken. All members shall also receive three business days’ notice that a deposition has been scheduled. (e) Attendance. Witnesses may be accompanied at a deposition by counsel to advise them of their rights. No one may be present at depositions except members, Committee staff designated by the Chair of the Committee or the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee, an official reporter, the witness, and the witness’s counsel. Observers or counsel for other persons, or for agencies under investigation, may not attend. (f) Requirement of Member Attendance. At least one member of the Committee shall be present at each deposition taken by the Committee, unless— (1) the witness to be deposed agrees in writing to waive this requirement; or (2) the Committee authorizes the taking of a specified deposition pursuant to H. Res. 5 without the presence of a member of the Committee during a specified period, provided that the House is not in session on the day of the deposition. (g) Who May Question. A deposition shall be conducted by any member or staff attorney designated by the Chair of the Committee or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. When depositions are conducted by Committee staff attorneys, there shall be no more than two Committee staff attorneys permitted to question a witness per round. One of the Committee staff attorneys shall be designated by the Chair of the Committee 
and the other by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. Other Committee staff members designated by the Chair of the Committee or Ranking Minority Member of the Committee may attend, but may not pose questions to the witness. (h) Order of Questions. Questions in the deposition shall be propounded in rounds, alternating between the majority and minority. A single round shall not exceed 60 minutes per side, unless the members or staff attorneys conducting the deposition agree to a different length of questioning. In each round, a member or Committee staff attorney designated by the Chair of the Committee shall ask questions first, and the member or Committee staff attorney designated by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall ask questions second. (i) Objections. Any objection made during a deposition must be stated concisely and in a nonargumentative and nonsuggestive manner. The witness may refuse to answer a question only to preserve a privilege. When the witness has objected and refused to answer a question to preserve a privilege, the Chair of the Committee may rule on any such objection after the deposition has adjourned. If the Chair of the Committee overrules any such objection and thereby orders a witness to answer any question to which a privilege objection was lodged, such ruling shall be filed with the clerk of the Committee and shall be provided to the members and the witness no less than three days before the reconvened deposition. If a member of the Committee appeals in writing the ruling of the Chair, the appeal shall be preserved for Committee consideration. A deponent who refuses to answer a question after being directed by the Chair in writing to answer may be subject to sanction, except that no sanctions may be imposed if the ruling of the Chair is reversed by the Committee on appeal. (j) Record of Testimony. Committee staff shall ensure that the testimony is either transcribed or electronically recorded or both. If a witness’s testimony is transcribed, the witness or the witness’s counsel shall be afforded an opportunity to review a copy. No later than five days thereafter, the witness may submit suggested changes to the Chair of the Committee. Committee staff may make any typographical and technical changes. Substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments to the deposition transcript submitted by the witness must be accompanied by a letter signed by the witness requesting the changes and a statement of the witness’s reasons for each proposed change. Any substantive changes, modifications, clarifications, or amendments shall be included as an appendix to the transcript conditioned upon the witness signing the transcript. (k) Transcription Requirements. The individual administering the oath, if other than a member, shall certify on the transcript that the witness was duly sworn. The transcriber shall certify that the transcript is a true record of the testimony, and the transcript shall be filed, together with any electronic recording, with the clerk of the Committee in Washington, D.C. Depositions shall be considered to have been taken in Washington, D.C., as well as the location actually taken once filed there with the clerk of the Committee for the Committee’s use. The Chair of the Committee and the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall be provided with a copy of the transcripts of the deposition at the same time. (l) Release. The Chair of the Committee and Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall consult regarding the release of depositions. If either objects in writing to a proposed release of a deposition or a portion thereof, the matter shall be promptly referred to the Committee for resolution. (m) Provision of Rules to Witnesses. A witness shall not be required to testify unless the witness has been provided with a copy of the Committee’s rules. 
RULE 16 —WITNESS PROCEDURE  (a) Witness Disclosures. Witnesses appearing at a hearing of the Committee or a subcommittee in a nongovernmental capacity shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of the amount and source (by agency and program) of each federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof), as well as the amount and source of payments or contracts originating from foreign governments, insofar as they relate to the subject matter of the hearing, received during the current calendar year or either of the two previous calendar years, by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness. (b) Representation by Counsel. When representing a witness or entity before the Committee or a subcommittee in response to a request or subpoena from the Committee, or in connection with testimony before the Committee or a subcommittee, counsel for the witness or entity must promptly submit to the Committee a notice of appearance specifying the following: (1) counsel’s name, firm or organization, bar membership, and contact information including email; and (2) each client or entity represented by the counsel in connection with the proceeding. f 
COMMERCE FOR THE 115TH CONGRESS  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE , Washington, DC, January 30, 2017. Hon. KAREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMS. HAAS, Pursuant to clause 2(a)(2) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, I present the Rules of the Committee on Energy and Commerce for the 115th Congress for publication in the Congressional Record. Sincerely, GREGWALDEN , Chairman. Attachment. 
RULE 1 . GENERAL PROVISIONS  (a) Rules of the Committee. The Rules of the House are the rules of the Committee on Energy and Commerce (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees so far as is applicable. (b) Rules of the Subcommittees. Each subcommittee of the Committee is part of the Committee and is subject to the authority and direction of the Committee and to its rules so far as is applicable. Written rules adopted by the Committee, not inconsistent with the Rules of the House, shall be binding on each subcommittee of the Committee. 
RULE 2 . MEETINGS  (a) Regular Meeting Days. The Committee shall meet on the fourth Tuesday of each month at 10 a.m., for the consideration of bills, resolutions, and other business, if the House is in session on that day. If the House is not in session on that day and the Committee has not met during such month, the Committee shall meet at the earliest practicable opportunity when the House is again in session. The chairman of the Committee may, at his discretion, cancel, delay, or defer any meeting required under this section, after consultation with the ranking minority member. (b) Additional Meetings. The chairman may call and convene, as he considers necessary, additional meetings of the Committee for the consideration of any bill or resolution pending before the Committee or for the conduct of other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to that call of the chairman. (c) Notice. The date, time, place, and subject matter of any meeting of the Committee scheduled on a Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday when the House will be in session shall be announced at least 36 hours (exclusive of Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on such days) in advance of the commencement of such meeting. The date, time, place, and subject matter of other meetings when the House is in session shall be announced to allow Members to have at least three days notice (exclusive of Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays except when the House is in session on such days) of such meeting. The date, time, place, and subject matter of all other meetings shall be announced at least 72 hours in advance of the commencement of such meeting. (d) Agenda. The agenda for each Committee meeting, setting out all items of business to be considered, shall be provided to each member of the Committee at least 36 hours in advance of such meeting. (e) Availability of Texts. No bill, recommendation, or other matter shall be considered by the Committee unless the text of the matter, together with an explanation, has been available to members of the Committee for three days (or 24 hours in the case of a substitute for introduced legislation). Such explanation shall include a summary of the major provisions of the legislation, an explanation of the relationship of the matter to present law, and a summary of the need for the legislation. (f) Waiver. The requirements of subsections (c), (d), and (e) may be waived by a majority of those present and voting (a majority being present) of the Committee or by the chairman with the concurrence of the ranking member, as the case may be. RULE 3 . HEARINGS  (a) Notice. The date, time, place, and subject matter of any hearing of the Committee shall be announced at least one week in advance of the commencement of such hearing, unless a determination is made in accordance with clause 2(g)(3) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner. (b) Memorandum. Each member of the Committee shall be provided, except in the case of unusual circumstances, with a memorandum at least 48 hours before each hearing explaining (1) the purpose of the hearing and (2) the names of any witnesses. (c) Witnesses. (1) Each witness who is to appear before the Committee shall file with the clerk of the Committee, at least two working days in advance of his or her appearance, sufficient copies, as determined by the chairman of the Committee of a written statement of his or her proposed testimony to provide to members and staff of the Committee, the news media, and the general public. Each witness shall, to the greatest extent practicable, also provide a copy of such written testimony in an electronic format prescribed by the chairman. Each witness shall limit his or her oral presentation to a brief summary of the argument. The chairman of the Committee or the presiding member may waive the requirements of this paragraph or any part thereof. (2) To the greatest extent practicable, the written testimony of each witness appearing 
in a nongovernmental capacity shall include a curriculum vitae and a disclosure of any federal grant or contract or foreign government contracts and payments related to the subject matter of the hearing received during the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness. The disclosure shall include (i) the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing; and (ii) the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter of the hearing originating with a foreign government. (d) Questioning. (1) The right to interrogate the witnesses before the Committee shall alternate between majority and minority members. Each member shall be limited to 5 minutes in the interrogation of witnesses until such time as each member who so desires has had an opportunity to question witnesses. No member shall be recognized for a second period of 5 minutes to interrogate a witness until each member of the Committee present has been recognized once for that purpose. The chairman shall recognize in order of appearance members who were not present when the meeting was called to order after all members who were present when the meeting was called to order have been recognized in the order of seniority on the Committee. (2) The chairman, with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee by motion, may permit an equal number of majority and minority members to question a witness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty minutes for each side. The chairman with the concurrence of the ranking minority member, or the Committee by motion, may also permit committee staff of the majority and minority to question a witness for a specified, total period that is equal for each side and not longer than thirty minutes for each side. (3) Each member may submit to the chairman of the Committee additional questions for the record, to be answered by the witnesses who have appeared. Each member shall provide a copy of the questions in an electronic format to the clerk of the Committee no later than ten business days following a hearing. The chairman shall transmit all questions received from members of the Committee to the appropriate witness and include the transmittal letter and the responses from the witnesses in the hearing record. After consultation with the ranking minority member, the chairman is authorized to close the hearing record no earlier than 120 days from the date the questions were transmitted to the appropriate witness. 
RULE 4 . VICE CHAIRMEN ; PRESIDING MEMBER  The chairman shall designate a member of the majority party to serve as vice chairman of the Committee, and shall designate a majority member of each subcommittee to serve as vice chairman of each subcommittee. The vice chairman of the Committee or subcommittee, as the case may be, shall preside at any meeting or hearing during the temporary absence of the chairman. If the chairman and vice chairman of the Committee or subcommittee are not present at any meeting or hearing, the ranking member of the majority party who is present shall preside at the meeting or hearing. 
RULE 5 . OPEN PROCEEDINGS  Except as provided by the Rules of the House, each meeting and hearing of the Committee for the transaction of business, including the markup of legislation, and each hearing, shall be open to the public, including to radio, television, and still photography coverage, consistent with the provisions of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. RULE 6 . QUORUM  Testimony may be taken and evidence received at any hearing at which there are present not fewer than two members of the Committee in question. A majority of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum for those actions for which the House Rules require a majority quorum. For the purposes of taking any other action, one third of the members of the Committee shall constitute a quorum. 
RULE 7 . OFFICIAL COMMITTEE RECORDS  (a)(1) Documents reflecting the proceedings of the Committee shall be made publicly available in electronic form on the Committee’s website and in the Committee office for inspection by the public, as provided in Rule XI, clause 2(e) of the Rules of the House not more than 24 hours after each meeting has adjourned, including a record showing those present at each meeting; and a record of the vote on any question on which a record vote is demanded, including a description of the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, the name of each member voting for and each member voting against such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, and the names of those members of the committee present but not voting. (2) Record Votes. A record vote may be demanded by onefifth of the members present or, in the apparent absence of a quorum, by any one member. No demand for a record vote shall be made or obtained except for the purpose of procuring a record vote or in the apparent absence of a quorum. (b) Postponement of Votes. In accordance with clause 2(h)(4) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House, the Chairman of the Committee or a subcommittee, after consultation with the ranking minority member of the Committee or subcommittee, may (A) postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving a measure or matter or on adopting an amendment; and (B) resume proceedings on a postponed question at any time after reasonable notice. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. (c) Archived Records. The records of the Committee at the National Archives and Records Administration shall be made available for public use in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. The chairman shall notify the ranking minority member of any decision, pursuant to clause 3(b)(3) or clause 4(b) of the Rule, to withhold a record otherwise available, and the matter shall be presented to the Committee for a determination on the written request of any member of the Committee. The chairman shall consult with the ranking minority member on any communication from the Archivist of the United States or the Clerk of the House concerning the disposition of noncurrent records pursuant to clause 3(b) of the Rule. 
RULE 8 . SUBCOMMITTEES  (a) Establishment. There shall be such standing subcommittees with such jurisdiction and size as determined by the majority party caucus of the Committee. The jurisdiction, number, and size of the subcommittees shall be determined by the majority party caucus prior to the start of the process for establishing subcommittee chairmanships and assignments. (b) Powers and Duties. Each subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Committee on all matters referred to it. Subcommittee chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the chairman of the Committee with a view toward assuring the availability of meeting rooms and avoiding simultaneous scheduling of Committee and subcommittee meetings or hearings whenever possible. (c) Ratio of Subcommittees. The majority caucus of the Committee shall determine an appropriate ratio of majority to minority party members for each subcommittee and the chairman shall negotiate that ratio with the minority party, provided that the ratio of party members on each subcommittee shall be no less favorable to the majority than that of the full Committee, nor shall such ratio provide for a majority of less than two majority members. (d) Selection of Subcommittee Members. Prior to any organizational meeting held by the Committee, the majority and minority caucuses shall select their respective members of the standing subcommittees. (e) Ex Officio Members. The chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee shall be ex officio members with voting privileges of each subcommittee of which they are not assigned as members and may be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum in such subcommittees. RULE 9 . OPENING STATEMENTS  (a) Written Statements. All written opening statements at hearings and business meetings conducted by the committee shall be made part of the permanent record. (b) Length. (1) At full committee hearings, the chairman and ranking minority member shall be limited to 5 minutes each for an opening statement, and may designate another member to give an opening statement of not more than 5 minutes. At subcommittee hearings, the subcommittee chairman and ranking minority member of the subcommittee shall be limited to 5 minutes each for an opening statement. In addition, the full committee chairman and ranking minority member shall each be allocated 5 minutes for an opening statement for themselves or their designees. (2) At any business meeting of the Committee, statements shall be limited to 5 minutes each for the chairman and ranking minority member (or their respective designee) of the Committee or subcommittee, as applicable, and 3 minutes each for all other members. The chairman may further limit opening statements for Members (including, at the discretion of the Chairman, the chairman and ranking minority member) to one minute. 
OTHER MATTERS  All legislation and other matters referred to the Committee shall be referred to the subcommittee of appropriate jurisdiction within two weeks of the date of receipt by the Committee unless action is taken by the full Committee within those two weeks, or by majority vote of the members of the Committee, consideration is to be by the full Committee. In the case of legislation or other matter within the jurisdiction of more than one subcommittee, the chairman of the Committee may, in his discretion, refer the matter simultaneously to two or more subcommittees for concurrent consideration, or may designate a subcommittee of primary jurisdiction and also refer the matter to one or more additional subcommittees for consideration in sequence (subject to appropriate time limitations), either on its initial referral or after the matter has been reported by the subcommittee of primary jurisdiction. Such authority shall include the authority to refer such legislation or matter to an ad hoc subcommittee appointed by the 
chairman, with the approval of the Committee, from the members of the subcommittees having legislative or oversight jurisdiction. 
FLOOR  The chairman, in his discretion, shall designate which member shall manage legislation reported by the Committee to the House. 
CLERICAL STAFF APPOINTMENTS  (a) Delegation of Staff. Whenever the chairman of the Committee determines that any professional staff member appointed pursuant to the provisions of clause 9 of Rule X of the House of Representatives, who is assigned to such chairman and not to the ranking minority member, by reason of such professional staff member’s expertise or qualifications will be of assistance to one or more subcommittees in carrying out their assigned responsibilities, he may delegate such member to such subcommittees for such purpose. A delegation of a member of the professional staff pursuant to this subsection shall be made after consultation with subcommittee chairmen and with the approval of the subcommittee chairman or chairmen involved. (b) Minority Professional Staff. Professional staff members appointed pursuant to clause 9 of Rule X of the House of Representatives, who are assigned to the ranking minority member of the Committee and not to the chairman of the Committee, shall be assigned to such Committee business as the minority party members of the Committee consider advisable. (c) Additional Staff Appointments. In addition to the professional staff appointed pursuant to clause 9 of Rule X of the House of Representatives, the chairman of the Committee shall be entitled to make such appointments to the professional and clerical staff of the Committee as may be provided within the budget approved for such purposes by the Committee. Such appointee shall be assigned to such business of the full Committee as the chairman of the Committee considers advisable. (d) Sufficient Staff. The chairman shall ensure that sufficient staff is made available to each subcommittee to carry out its responsibilities under the rules of the Committee. (e) Fair Treatment of Minority Members in Appointment of Committee Staff. The chairman shall ensure that the minority members of the Committee are treated fairly in appointment of Committee staff. (f) Contracts for Temporary or Intermittent Services. Any contract for the temporary services or intermittent service of individual consultants or organizations to make studies or advise the Committee or its subcommittees with respect to any matter within their jurisdiction shall be deemed to have been approved by a majority of the members of the Committee if approved by the chairman and ranking minority member of the Committee. Such approval shall not be deemed to have been given if at least one third of the members of the Committee request in writing that the Committee formally act on such a contract, if the request is made within 10 days after the latest date on which such chairman or chairmen, and such ranking minority member or members, approve such contract. 
RULE 13 . SUPERVISION , DUTIES OF STAFF  (a) Supervision of Majority Staff. The professional and clerical staff of the Committee not assigned to the minority shall be under the supervision and direction of the chairman who, in consultation with the chairmen of the subcommittees, shall establish and assign the duties and responsibilities of such staff members and delegate such authority as he determines appropriate. (b) Supervision of Minority Staff. The professional and clerical staff assigned to the minority shall be under the supervision and direction of the minority members of the Committee, who may delegate such authority as they determine appropriate. RULE 14 . COMMITTEE BUDGET  (a) Administration of Committee Budget. The chairman of the Committee, in consultation with the ranking minority member, shall for the 114th Congress attempt to ensure that the Committee receives necessary amounts for professional and clerical staff, travel, investigations, equipment and miscellaneous expenses of the Committee and the subcommittees, which shall be adequate to fully discharge the Committee’s responsibilities for legislation and oversight. (b) Monthly Expenditures Report. Committee members shall be furnished a copy of each monthly report, prepared by the chairman for the Committee on House Administration, which shows expenditures made during the reporting period and cumulative for the year by the Committee and subcommittees, anticipated expenditures for the projected Committee program, and detailed information on travel. 
HEARINGS  Any meeting or hearing that is open to the public may be covered in whole or in part by radio or television or still photography, subject to the requirements of clause 4 of Rule XI of the Rules of the House. The coverage of any hearing or other proceeding of the Committee or any subcommittee thereof by television, radio, or still photography shall be under the direct supervision of the chairman of the Committee, the subcommittee chairman, or other member of the Committee presiding at such hearing or other proceeding and may be terminated by such member in accordance with the Rules of the House. 
RULE 16 . SUBPOENA POWER  The power to authorize and issue subpoenas is delegated to the Chair of the full Committee, as provided for under clause 2(m)(3)(A)(i) of Rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. The Chair shall notify the ranking minority member prior to issuing any subpoena under such authority. To the extent practicable, the Chair shall consult with the ranking minority member at least 72 hours in advance of a subpoena being issued under such authority. The chairman shall report to the members of the Committee on the issuance of a subpoena as soon as practicable but in no event later than one week after issuance of such subpoena. 
RULE 17 . TRAVEL OF MEMBERS AND STAFF  (a) Approval of Travel. Consistent with the primary expense resolution and such additional expense resolutions as may have been approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any member or any staff member shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the chairman. Travel may be authorized by the chairman for any member and any staff member in connection with the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee or any subcommittee thereof and meetings, conferences, and investigations which involve activities or subject matter under the general jurisdiction of the Committee. Before such authorization is given there shall be submitted to the chairman in writing the following: (1) the purpose of the travel; (2) the dates during which the travel is to be made and the date or dates of the event for which the travel is being made; (3) the location of the event for which the travel is to be made; and (4) the names of members and staff seeking authorization. (b) Approval of Travel by Minority Members and Staff. In the case of travel by minority party members and minority party professional staff for the purpose set out in (a), the prior approval, not only of the chairman but also of the ranking minority member, shall be required. Such prior authorization shall be given by the chairman only upon the representation by the ranking minority member in writing setting forth those items enumerated in (1), (2), (3), and (4) of paragraph (a). RULE 18 . WEBSITE  The chairman shall maintain an official Committee website for the purposes of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee members and other members of the House. The ranking minority member may maintain an official website for the purpose of carrying out official responsibilities, including communicating information about the activities of the minority members of the Committee to Committee members and other members of the House. 
RULE 19 . CONFERENCES  The chairman of the Committee is directed to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the chairman considers it appropriate. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 1 minute p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, January 31, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
387. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Requirements for Notification, Evaluation and Reduction of LeadBased Paint Hazards in Federally Owned Residential Property and Housing Receiving Federal Assistance; Response to Elevated Blood Lead Levels [Docket No.: FR 5816F02] (RIN: 2501AD77) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); 
Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 388. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Terrorism Risk Insurance Program (RIN: 1505AC53) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 389. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Services, Office of General Counsel, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 390. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Certification; Titanium Dioxide and Listing of Color Additives Subject to Certification; [Phthalocyaninato (2)] Copper; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA2016 F0821] received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 391. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Export Administration, Bureau of Industry and Security, Department of Commerce, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Removal of Certain Persons from the Entity List [Docket No.: 170103009700901] (RIN: 0694AH28) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 392. A letter from the Assistant Director for Regulatory Affairs, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Iranian Transactions and Sanctions Regulations received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 393. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Office of the Secretary, Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Revision of Freedom of Information Act Regulation [Docket No.: FR5986F01] (RIN: 2501AD81) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 394. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s revised mandatory guidelines — Mandatory Guidelines for Federal Workplace Drug Testing Programs received January 23, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 395. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Protected Resources, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — List of Fisheries for 2017 [Docket No.: 160219129699902] (RIN: 0648BF78) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 396. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; 2017 Atlantic Shark Commercial Fishing Season [Docket No.: 160620545699902] (RIN: 0648XE696) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 397. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Archival Tag Management Measures [Docket No.: 150817722670302] (RIN: 0648BF10) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 398. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Reef Fish Fishery of the Gulf of Mexico; Red Snapper Management Measures [Docket No.: 160630573 699902] (RIN: 0648BG19) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 399. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Herring Fishery; Adjustments to 2017 Management Area Annual Catch Limits [Docket No.: 160906823699901] (RIN: 0648XE876) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 400. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Technical Amendment to Regulations [Docket No.: 161227999699901] (RIN: 0648BG49) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 401. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery Management Plan; Commercial Sablefish Fishing Regulations and Electronic Fish Tickets [Docket No.: 140905757699902] (RIN: 0648BE42) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 402. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Atlantic Sea Scallop Fishery; Amendment 19 [Docket No.: 160126052697402] (RIN: 0648BF72) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 403. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Summer Flounder, Scup, and Black Sea Bass Fisheries; 20172018 Summer Flounder Specifications and Announcement of 2017 Summer Flounder and Black Sea Bass Commercial Accountability Measures [Docket No.: 161017970699902] (RIN: 0648XE976) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 404. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Dolphin and Wahoo Fishery Off the Atlantic States; Regulatory Amendment 1 [Docket No.: 160302174 699902] (RIN: 0648BF81) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 405. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator For Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Observer Coverage Requirements for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area Trawl Catcher Vessels [Docket No.: 160225146685102] (RIN: 0648 BF80) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 406. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Atlantic Highly Migratory Species; Individual Bluefin Quota Program; Inseason Transfers [Docket No.: 160527473699902] (RIN: 0648BG09) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 407. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Labor, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Department of Labor Federal Civil Penalties Inflation Adjustment Act Annual Adjustments for 2017 (RIN: 1290 AA31) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 408. A letter from the AttorneyAdviser, Office of the Legal Adviser, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — 2017 Civil Monetary Penalties Inflationary Adjustment [Public Notice: 9828] (RIN: 1400AE09) received January 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 409. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Performance Management Measures; Assessing Pavement Condition for the National Highway Performance Program and Bridge Condition for the National Highway Performance Program [Docket No.: FHWA 20130053] (RIN: 2125AF53) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 410. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisory, FHWA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — National Performance Management Measures; Assessing Performance of the National 
Highway System, Freight Movement on the Interstate System, and Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement Program [Docket No.: FHWA20130054] (RIN: 2125 AF54) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 411. A letter from the Assistant Chief Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Pipeline Safety: Operator Qualification, Cost Recovery, Accident and Incident Notification, and Other Pipeline Safety Changes [Docket No.: PHMSA20130163; Amdt. Nos.: 19019; 19125; 192123; 195101; 19927] (RIN: 2137AE94) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 412. A letter from the Office Program Manager, Office of Regulation Policy and Management (00REG), Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Recognition of Tribal Organizations for Representation of VA Claimants (RIN: 2900AP51) received January 26, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 413. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Delay of Effective Date for 31 Final Regulations Published by the Environmental Protection Agency between October 28, 2016 and January 17, 2017 [FRL995887OP] received January 25, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Agriculture. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 70. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 38) disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule (Rept. 115–6). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BUCK: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 71. Resolution providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 41) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’, and providing for consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 40) providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007 (Rept. 115–7). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. B UCK, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. CHABOT , and Mr. C HAFFETZ ): H.R. 720. A bill to amend Rule 11 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure to improve attorney accountability, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LIPINSKI ): H.R. 721. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the railroad track maintenance credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MENG (for herself, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. B EYER , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. LEE, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. MOULTON , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. SOTO, Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia): H.R. 722. A bill to prohibit the use of Federal funds to implement, administer, or enforce the Executive Order entitled ‘‘Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States’’ signed by President Donald J. Trump on January 27, 2017; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Homeland Security, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KINZINGER (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 723. A bill to amend the National Energy Conservation Policy Act to encourage the increased use of performance contracting in Federal facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. LOFGREN (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. M ENG, Ms. PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. S A´NCHEZ , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. B ASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C ASTOR  of Florida, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. COOPER , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. DELAURO , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. ESTY, Mr. E VANS , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. GRIJALVA , Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. H IMES, Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. KEATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. LEVIN, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. LYNCH , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. QUIGLEY , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. SABLAN , Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. S CHNEI DER, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. SIRES, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S OTO, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. TITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. TORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. VARGAS , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. PETERS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. HECK, and Mr. P ASCRELL ): H.R. 724. A bill to provide that the Executive Order entitled ‘‘Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States’’ (January 27, 2017), shall have no force or effect, to prohibit the use of Federal funds to enforce the Executive Order, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, Homeland Security, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BUCK (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. S MITH of Texas): H.R. 725. A bill to amend title 28, United States Code, to prevent fraudulent joinder; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 726. A bill to prohibit Federal funding of National Public Radio and the use of Federal funds to acquire radio content; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 727. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to prohibit Federal funding for the Corporation for Public Broadcasting after fiscal year 2019; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. L OBIONDO (for himself, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey): H.R. 728. A bill to prohibit the Secretary of the Interior from issuing oil and gas leases on portions of the Outer Continental Shelf located off the coast of New Jersey; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 729. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform and enforce taxation of tobacco products; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. AMASH (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. M ASSIE , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 730. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to remove limitations on the ability of certain dual citizens from participating in the Visa Waiver Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 731. A bill to permanently prohibit oil and gas leasing off the coast of the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOODLATTE (for himself, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. ISSA, Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. J ORDAN, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. MARINO , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mrs. R OBY, Mr. GAETZ , Mr. B IGGS, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, and Mr. G RIFFITH): H.R. 732. A bill to limit donations made pursuant to settlement agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 733. A bill to provide for an accounting of total United States contributions to the United Nations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 734. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a refundable credit against tax for landlords of veterans receiving rental assistance under the Veterans Affairs Supported Housing program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. JACKSON LEE (for herself and Mr. RASKIN ): H.R. 735. A bill to prohibit the enforcement of certain executive orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 736. A bill to require automobile manufacturers to disclose to consumers the presence of event data recorders, or ‘‘black boxes’’, on new automobiles, and to require manufacturers to provide the consumer with the option to enable and disable such devices on future automobiles; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts (for herself and Mr. REED): H.R. 737. A bill to amend the Head Start Act to promote traumainformed practices, ageappropriate positive behavioral intervention and support, services for young children who have experienced trauma or toxic stress, and improved coordination between Head Start agencies and other programs that serve very young children; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 738. A bill to amend title 23, United States Code, with respect to vehicle weight limitations in North Dakota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 739. A bill to prohibit the construction of new border barriers, including walls or fences, on certain Federal land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 740. A bill to direct the Federal Trade Commission to revise the regulations regarding the ‘‘donotcall’’ registry to prohibit politicallyoriented recorded message telephone calls to telephone numbers listed on that registry; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas (for herself, Mr. LOEBSACK , and Mr. S MITH of Nebraska): H.R. 741. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for a permanent extension of the enforcement instruction on Medicare supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. COLE): H.R. 742. A bill to prohibit any hiring freeze from affecting any Department of Defense position at, or in support of, a public shipyard; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself, Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. HARPER , Mr. A MASH , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, and Ms. JENKINS of Kansas): H.R. 743. A bill to repeal the wage rate requirements commonly known as the Davis Bacon Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 744. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to protect employer rights; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 745. A bill to improve Federal employee compliance with Federal and Presidential recordkeeping requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. PASCRELL (for himself, Mr. KINGof New York, and Mr. P AYNE ): H.R. 746. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Education to make grants to support fire safety education programs on college campuses; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself, Mr. KIND, Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. REICHERT , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mr. NEWHOUSE , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. EMMER , and Mr. A MODEI ): H.R. 747. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform taxation of alcoholic beverages; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. MATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. BEYER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S OTO, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. TONKO , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T ED LIEUof California, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and Ms. B ONAMICI ): H.R. 748. A bill to protect any State or local authority that limits or restricts compliance with an immigration detainer request remains eligible for grants and appropriated funds; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHRADER (for himself, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. B ERA, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. COOPER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. C OSTA , and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 749. A bill to increase competition in the pharmaceutical industry; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. CROWLEY ): H.R. 750. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to expand and revise the classification of and payment for complex rehabilitation technology items under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. FLORES , Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Mr. STEWART , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. LATTA , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. L AHOOD, and Ms. CHENEY ): H.J. Res. 36. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Bureau of Land Management relating to ‘‘Waste Prevention, Production Subject to Royalties, and Resource Conservation’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. FOXX (for herself, Mr. CHAFFETZ , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. MITCHELL ): H.J. Res. 37. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Defense, the General Services Administration, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration relating to the Federal Acquisition Regulation; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio (for himself, Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H IGGINS  of Louisiana, Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. BARR, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. TIBERI , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. F LORES , Mr. OLSON , Mr. B OST, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. D UNN, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OOK, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. COMER , Mr. E MMER , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Ms. CHENEY , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. BRAT): H.J. Res. 38. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior known as the Stream Protection Rule; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. MESSER (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. HARRIS , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. BRAT, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. RUSSELL , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. E MMER , Mr. RENACCI , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. YOHO, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. OLSON , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. R OSKAM, Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. HARPER , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. CALVERT , Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. S AM JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. D UFFY , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. J ONES , Mr. T URNER , Mr. CHABOT , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. COLE, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. GIBBS, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. YODER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A USTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. HENSARLING , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. ROKITA , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. G ALLA GHER , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. B UDD, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. G OWDY , Mr. JOHNSON of Louisiana, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. MITCHELL , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. LONG, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. PALAZZO , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH , Mr. B ARR, Mr. PERRY , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. ARRINGTON , Mr. B IGGS, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. BOST, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. BRIDENSTINE , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. A MASH , Mr. LABRADOR , Mr. H ILL, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. FLORES , and Mr. W ALKER ): H.J. Res. 39. A joint resolution disapproving a rule submitted by the Department of Health and Human Services relating to ‘‘Compliance with Title X Requirements by Project Recipients in Selecting Subrecipients’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM , Mr. F LORES , Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. W ITTMAN, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. O LSON , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. WESTERMAN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. F RANKS  of Arizona, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. MULLIN , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. B RAT, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. HILL, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. BARR, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. HARPER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. CRAMER , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. GRIFFITH , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. L ONG, Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. BURGESS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. E MMER , Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. HUDSON , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. C OLLINS  of Georgia, Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C OLE, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. MASSIE , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. BARTON , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. HUNTER , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. TIBERI , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. REED, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. HURD, Mr. B OST, Mr. G UTHRIE, Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. POSEY , Mr. N UNES , Mr. H OLDING , Mrs. HARTZLER , Ms. F OXX, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. ROSKAM , Mr. R OTHFUS , Ms. CHENEY , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. R USSELL , Ms. GRANGER , Mr. M ITCHELL , Mr. SHUSTER , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. SCALISE , and Mr. A MODEI ): H.J. Res. 40. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Social Security Administration relating to Implementation of the NICS Improvement Amendments Act of 2007; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HUIZENGA (for himself, Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. LUCAS , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. POSEY , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. DUFFY , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. ROSS, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mrs. W AGNER, Mr. B ARR, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. TIPTON , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mrs. LOVE, Mr. H ILL, Mr. E MMER , Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. MACARTHUR , Mr. D AVIDSON , Mr. BUDD, Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Ms. TENNEY , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , and Mr. HENSARLING ): H.J. Res. 41. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to ‘‘Disclosure of Payments by Resource Extraction Issuers’’; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, Ms. JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. CARTER of Georgia, Mr. MARCHANT , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. HOLDING , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. BLACK , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R EED, Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. C ARTER of Texas): H.J. Res. 42. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of Labor relating to drug testing of unemployment compensation applicants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. FARENTHOLD , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. ROTHFUS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. YODER , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B ARR, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. ADERHOLT , Ms. F OXX, Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. O LSON , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. GOSAR , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , Mr. GOHMERT , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. K ING of Iowa, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. PEARCE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. STEWART , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. CRAMER , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. F LORES , Mrs. NOEM, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. BABIN, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. LAMBORN , Mr. S CALISE , Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. LATTA , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R USSELL , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B RAT, Mr. RENACCI , Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. BRADY of Texas, Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. GRAVES of Georgia, Mr. P ETER SON, Mr. P OSEY , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. PALAZZO , Mrs. R OBY, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. LONG, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. COMER , Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. COLE, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mr. MURPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ARSHALL , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, and Mr. HILL): H.J. Res. 43. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule submitted by Secretary of Health and Human Services relating to compliance with title X requirements by project recipients in selecting subrecipients; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. CHENEY (for herself, Mr. T IPTON, Mr. P EARCE , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. C RAMER , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. BISHOP of Utah, and Mr. S ESSIONS ): H.J. Res. 44. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior relating to Bureau of Land Management regulations that establish the procedures used to prepare, revise, or amend land use plans pursuant to the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CRAMER (for himself, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. RADEWAGEN , Mr. B IGGS, and Mr. NEWHOUSE ): H.J. Res. 45. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service of the Department of the Interior relating to management of nonFederal oil and gas rights; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. BIGGS, Mrs. BLACK , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. NEWHOUSE , and Mr. G OHMERT ): H.J. Res. 46. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the National Park Service relating to ‘‘General Provisions and NonFederal Oil and Gas Rights’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska (for himself, Mr. PEARCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , and Mrs. RADEWAGEN ): H.J. Res. 47. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Department of the Interior regarding requirements for exploratory drilling on the Arctic Outer Continental Shelf; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. NOLAN (for himself, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. ELLISON , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. O’ROURKE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Mr. NORCROSS , and Mr. JONES ): H.J. Res. 48. A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the Constitution of the United States providing that the rights extended by the Constitution are the rights of natural persons only; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 49. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Interior relating to ‘‘NonSubsistence Take of Wildlife, and Public Participation and Closure Procedures, on National Wildlife Refuges in Alaska’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Ms. SPEIER , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. DELANEY , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, and Mr. SOTO): H. Res. 69. A resolution expressing support for designation of the 17th day in May as ‘‘DIPG Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness and encourage the research into cures for diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma (DIPG) and pediatric cancers in general; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H. Res. 72. A resolution supporting the goals and ideals of Dominican Heritage Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, private bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 751. A bill to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to James Megellas, formerly of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, and currently of Colleyville, Texas, for acts of valor on January 28, 1945, during the Battle of the Bulge in World War II; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 752. A bill for the relief of Jeanette VizguerraRamirez; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SMITH of Texas: H.R. 720. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this legislation is based is found in Article I, Section 8, Clause 9; Article III, Section I, Clause 1; and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts. By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 721. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. By Ms. MENG: H.R. 722. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States of America. By Mr. KINZINGER: H.R. 723. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution By Ms. LOFGREN: H.R. 724. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 4 provides Congress with the power to establish a ‘‘uniform rule of Naturalization.’’ AND Article I, Section 8, clause 1 provides Congress with the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’ in order to ‘‘provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. BUCK: H.R. 725. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Constitutional Authority on which this legislation is based is found in Article I, Section 8, Clause 9; Article III, Section 1, Clause 1, and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grants Congress authority over the federal courts. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 726. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LAMBORN: H.R. 727. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. LOBIONDO: H.R. 728. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 729. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. AMASH: H.R. 730. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Congress has the implied power to repeal laws that exceed its constitutional authority as well as laws within its constitutional authority. By Mr. CARBAJAL: H.R. 731. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. GOODLATTE: H.R. 732. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the Appropriations Power granted to Congress by that section; Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the legislative powers granted to Congress by that section; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested in this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 733. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: the Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have the power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Power, and all the other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 734. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Amendment XVI. By Ms. JACKSON LEE: H.R. 735. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1, 4, and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CAPUANO: H.R. 736. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts: H.R. 737. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Constitution of the United States of America By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 738. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 739. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitution, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitution, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes; By Ms. FOXX: H.R. 740. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution which states ‘‘Congress shall have power to regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ By Ms. JENKINS of Kansas: H.R. 741. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. Article I, Section 9: No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 742. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 743. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This legislation adjusts the formula the federal government uses to spend money on federal contracts, therefore, it is authorized by the Constitution under Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, which grants Congress its spending power. By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 744. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This legislation contains a clarification that is intended to limit the scope of an existing statute. As such, this bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 745. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. PASCRELL: H.R. 746. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PAULSEN: H.R. 747. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 748. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. SCHRADER: H.R. 749. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 750. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 751. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 14 of Section 8 of Article I By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 752. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; [Page H408] By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.J. Res. 36. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 
By Ms. FOXX: H.J. Res. 37. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio: H.J. Res. 38. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. MESSER: H.J. Res. 39. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.J. Res. 40. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. HUIZENGA: H.J. Res. 41. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States—To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.J. Res. 42. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Mrs. BLACK: H.J. Res. 43. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This legislation is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; whereby the Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Ms. CHENEY: H.J. Res. 44. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1, and Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. CRAMER: H.J. Res. 45. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. GOSAR: H.J. Res. 46. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (the Commerce Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which grants Congress the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’ as well as Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (Necessary and Proper Clause) of the Constitution of the United States which gives Congress the authority to address and prevent new regulations. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 47. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof..’’ By Mr. NOLAN: H.J. Res. 48. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article V of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. YOUNG of Alaska: H.J. Res. 49. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof..’’ 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 38: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. M ARCHANT . H.R. 44: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 60: Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 66: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 83: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 99: Mrs. LOWEY . H.R. 112: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 113: Mr. PETERS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. K INGof New York, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. W ELCH , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. RUIZ, Ms. E STY, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. NOLAN , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. POCAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. ENGEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. J ONES , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. B EYER , Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. R OSS, Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 130: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 131: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 140: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 173: Mr. ROUZER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. KATKO , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. LOBIONDO , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. SIRES, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. O’HALLERAN , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 174: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 175: Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. H.R. 179: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 184: Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. G ALLAGHER , and Mr. MAST. H.R. 198: Mr. GOODLATTE and Mr. K ATKO . H.R. 202: Mr. JEFFRIES , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 233: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. H.R. 275: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 305: Ms. DELAURO , Ms. C ASTOR of Flor ida, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. S ANFORD , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Ms. D ELBENE. H.R. 328: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 329: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Ms. MOORE , and Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 350: Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. BARLETTA , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 351: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 355: Mr. ALLEN . H.R. 361: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 367: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 372: Mr. LABRADOR . H.R. 374: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 381: Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. BERA, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 390: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. POEof Texas, and Mr. H ILL. H.R. 395: Mr. BACON . H.R. 400: Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Mrs. WAGNER , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. B ARTON , and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 406: Mr. WALZ. H.R. 422: Mr. LUCAS , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. BRAT. H.R. 430: Mr. PEARCE , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. ROYCE of California. H.R. 468: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 474: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 475: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 488: Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. MOORE , Mr. D ENT, Ms. E STY, Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia, Ms. S HEAPORTER , and Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 489: Mr. SERRANO , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. MOULTON , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. B EYER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. BERA, Ms. M ENG, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. MEEKS , and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 496: Mr. NEWHOUSE , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. REICHERT , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 505: Mr. ARRINGTON and Mr. P OLIQUIN . H.R. 512: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. BANKS of Indiana, and Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 520: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. MCCLINTOCK . H.R. 523: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 526: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 545: Mr. MULLIN and Mr. M CKINLEY . H.R. 546: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 564: Mr. TIBERI , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor gia, Mr. BLUM, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , and Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska. H.R. 578: Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 606: Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 610: Mr. OLSON . H.R. 611: Mr. FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. T IPTON, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. Thomas J. Rooney of Florida, Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. DENHAM , Mr. H IMES, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 619: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 630: Mr. JEFFRIES and Mr. G ALLEGO . H.R. 632: Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. W ALZ, Ms. TITUS, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Miss R ICEof New York, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. JONES , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 637: Mr. COMER , Mr. S MITH of Ne braska, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. C OLLINS of Geor gia, Mr. ROE of Tennessee, and Mr. ARRINGTON . H.R. 645: Mr. JONES . H.R. 669: Ms. NORTON , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Ms. B ASS, and Mr. Raskin. H.R. 671: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California, Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. SIRES, Mr. C APUANO , Mr. O’R OURKE , and Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 672: Mr. VEASEY . H.R. 687: Ms. SINEMA and Mr. B OST. H.R. 696: Mr. LIPINSKI , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. GABBARD , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C OSTA , Ms. JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. E VANS . H.R. 706: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. L ANCE , and Mr. SESSIONS . H.J. Res. 6: Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , and Mr. G OWDY . H.J. Res. 19: Mr. SOTOand Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.J. Res. 27: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. Rodney Davis of Illinois, Mr. DUNN, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. F LORES , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. DAVIDSON , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. WALKER , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. WALBERG , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. STIVERS , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. FORTENBERRY , Mr. RENACCI , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. GOSAR , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C LAY, and Mr. COURTNEY . H. Res. 15: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. SLAUGHTER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. K ATKO , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. M OORE , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. MENG, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. MCNERNEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. S HEAPORTER . H. Res. 31: Ms. MOORE , Ms. M ENG, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. R EED, and Mr. CICILLINE . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH The provisions in H.J. Res. 36 that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. OFFERED BYMR. CHAFFETZ  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform in H.J. Res. 37 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. BISHOP OF UTAH The provisions in H.J. Res. 38 that warranted a referral to the Committee on Natural Resources do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  H.J. Res. 41 does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of Rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
6. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Council of Former Mayors of the New Progressive Party of Puerto Rico, relative to Resolution No. 1, requesting that the House of Representatives and the Senate of the United States that according to the powers given by the U.S. Constitution immediately begin a process of admission of the territory of Puerto Rico as a State through the filing of a draft admission to Congress and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7. Also, a petition of the Mayor and Borough Council of the Borough of Sayreville, NJ, relative to Resolution No. 201732, confirming and recording its support of H.R. 814 and urging the U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate to enact this important legislation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 8. Also, a petition of the Board of Directors of the Winslow Indian Health Care Center of Winslow, Arizona, relative to Resolution No. WIHCC201701, supporting preservation of the Indian Healthcare Improvement Act, IndianSpecific provisions under Medicaid, and other healthrelated provisions unrelated to the overall healthcare reform legislation; jointly to the Committees on Natural Resources, Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S461 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 2017 No. 15 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable TODD YOUNG , a Senator from the State of Indiana. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, who inhabits eternity, whose throne is Heaven and whose footstool is the Earth, You have given us the gift of this day, and we will rejoice and be glad in it. May our lawmakers never forget that they borrow their heartbeat from You. Continue to sustain them and give them all that they need to glorify Your Name. May Your Spirit move them that they will make concessions without coercion and be conciliatory without compromising. Compel them to be just and honest in all their dealings. May they remember that our country is no better than its citizens and no stronger than its commitment to righteousness. Lord, bless our Senators in their going out and coming in, their rising up and lying down, their labor and their leisure. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 