Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, less than 10 years ago in 2008, bad actors on Wall Street brought the economy of our country to the brink of collapse. Because of their greed, recklessness, and deceit, millions of Americans lost their jobs, families were thrown out of their homes, and seniors saw their life savings evaporate before their very eyes. Washington bailed out the big banks and they said they were too big to fail, but the American people never got a bailout. The American people were told: You are on your own. And in seven States, including my home State of Rhode Island, we are still working to recover jobs that were lost in this Great Recession. That is why it was so important 2 years later when Congress passed and President Obama signed into law the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. This law was a landmark victory for the American people, especially the American consumer. That is why it is so disturbing that Republicans now want to take us back to the days of too big to fail, a time when powerful Wall Street special interests exploited con-sumers and small investors, and our entire economy was put at risk. The bill before us today, which I call the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, will turn Wall Street into the Wild West again and it will empower the big banks to do what they want at the expense of hon-est, hardworking families. This bill takes us back to an era when financial institutions could wipe out someone’s retirement and foreclose on innocent homeowners completely unchecked. This bill repeals commonsense require-ments that require financial advisers to act in the best interests of their cli-ents. It will allow bad actors to push bad products on working people and seniors in exchange for paybacks. This bill protects forced arbitration clauses and allows companies to re-quire their customers to waive their right to a jury trial, and deny them their day in court when their rights are violated. By the way, that includes service-members, brave men and women who have worn the uniform of the American Armed Forces. Unfortunately, service-members and veterans are often tar-geted for financial fraud and unscrupu-lous creditors because they are held to a higher standard of debt repayment. In addition, their frequent time away from home makes it harder for our servicemembers to identify scams. The CFPB has already taken at least 12 major enforcement actions directly protecting servicemembers and their families. In 2016, the CFPB fined Navy Federal Credit Union $28 million for il-legal debt collection tactics. The CFPB took action against two for-profit col-leges, ITT Technical Institute and Co-rinthian Colleges, both of which have been linked to predatory treatment of servicemembers and veterans. The now-defunct Corinthian was ordered to provide $480 million in debt relief to de-frauded students, including service-members. In 2013, the CFPB ordered high-cost, small-dollar lender Cash America to pay up to $14 million in restitution and a $5 million penalty for violations of the Military Lending Act. Just 2 months ago, CFPB sanctioned an auto lender that harassed and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4707 June 8, 2017 
preyed on servicemembers. Security National Automotive Acceptance Com-pany threatened that they would con-tact commanding officers about debts that our veterans incurred, and lied to our brave men and women in uniform about their obligations, and they have been held accountable because of the CFPB. The CFPB was created to protect families and small businesses, and since 2010, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has returned nearly $12 billion to 29 million consumers in all 50 States. More than 1 million con-sumers have used the CFPB’s com-plaint database, and nearly all of them have received a timely resolution to their issues. b1015 The CFPB held Wells Fargo account-able to the tune of $100 million after they opened millions of fraudulent ac-counts for customers without telling them. Wells Fargo surreptitiously col-lected fees from these victims, and every dime was returned to consumers because the CFPB was on the job. The sole purpose of CFPB’s existence is to ensure that bank loans, mort-gages, and credit cards are fair, afford-able, understandable, and transparent. That is exactly what it is doing. Re-publicans want nothing more than to kill it. No honest, hardworking American should be exploited when they are tak-ing out a mortgage, trying to pay off their college debt, buying a car, or opening a bank account, but that is what is going to happen if Republicans get their way today. Passage of this bill will confirm what so many Ameri-cans believe: that Washington works for big business, the very rich, and powerful special interests, but not for them. Let’s remind ourselves that the American people sent us to Washington to work for them. They didn’t send us here to fight for the big banks and credit card companies that already have too much power here in Wash-ington. Reject this bad bill. Vote for the American people. Protect consumers, and very strongly vote ‘‘no.’’ 
f 
RESCUING AMERICA’S HEALTHCARE SYSTEM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCLINTOCK ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. M
CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, when ObamaCare was imposed on the Nation, we were promised lower pre-miums, increased choices, and im-proved care, but exactly the opposite has happened. Last year, premiums increased an av-erage of 25 percent, and this year we are warned they will increase another 40 percent. Last year, only one provider remained in a third of American coun-ties. This year, entire regions have no providers at all. In 2015, American life expectancies actually declined. The Senate now has before it the American Health Care Act. It goes a long way toward replacing ObamaCare’s compulsory one-size-fits- all bureaucratic mess with a consumer- friendly, patient-centered system. The AHCA repeals the employer man-date that has trapped many Americans in part-time jobs. It repeals the indi-vidual mandate that forces Americans to buy plans they don’t want, don’t need, and can’t afford. It changes the premium structure that forced young families to subsidize premiums for those in their peak earning years. It re-peals nearly $1 trillion of taxes on the American economy. It repeals the man-dates that force an older couple to maintain pediatric coverage, and it maintains the safety net for those with preexisting conditions. It assures that these plans are within the financial reach of every family. Well, despite the obvious failure of ObamaCare and the urgent need to res-cue our healthcare system, opponents have gone into overdrive to frighten people and to distort the facts. The most lurid claim comes from the Con-gressional Budget Office: that 23 mil-lion Americans will lose their health insurance. Now, we should first remember that this is the same office that predicted that ObamaCare exchanges would cover 26 million Americans by 2017. The ac-tual number was 10 million. It pre-dicted that ObamaCare would result in slight premium increases between 10 and 13 percent by 2016. The actual fig-ure was 105 percent. So how did the CBO come up with its latest claim? Well, much is based on assuming that people won’t buy health insurance unless we force them. In re-ality, more people are already choosing not to purchase ObamaCare policies, and they are paying a steep tax penalty to boot. The CBO ignored provisions that allow people to tailor plans to best meet their own needs, which is a powerful market incentive for them to purchase plans. Second, the CBO predicts that in fu-ture years Medicaid recipients will leave due to changes that restrain the growth in this program, yet it is pre-cisely these changes that focus re-sources on services and not on waste and fraud. Third, the CBO predicts that low-in-come, older Americans in the indi-vidual market will lose nearly $13,000 of subsidies and be priced out of that market, yet it ignores the $90 billion that were freed up in the final House version with the express understanding that the Senate would redirect these funds to replace these ObamaCare sub-sidies. Fourth, the CBO predicts some peo-ple will choose less expensive plans without all the bells and whistles re-quired under ObamaCare. Well, this, of course, is exactly what choice is all about: people making their own deci-sions based on their own needs and wants. Yet the CBO classifies them as uninsured. The other major and false claim is that people with preexisting conditions will lose coverage, despite explicit lan-guage in the AHCA that nothing in this act shall be construed as permitting health insurers to limit access to health coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions. There is one exception. If you are one of the 7 percent of patients in the indi-vidual market, and if you have a pre-existing condition, and if you live in a State that has requested and received a waiver based on having an alternative program to assure your coverage, and if you have let your insurance lapse for more than 62 days in the past year, then, and only then, can you be charged a higher rate than the general population for your health plan, and then only for the first year. This year, entire regions of the coun-try will be unable to obtain policies on ObamaCare exchanges; premiums are spiraling out of reach for families that don’t qualify for subsidies; and tax-payer costs are skyrocketing. The AHCA offers a way out of this night-mare, restoring a healthy, competitive market, where patients will have the widest range of choices and the free-dom to choose a plan that best meets their own needs, along with a sup-portive tax system to assure that these plans are within their financial reach. If the Senate can come up with a bet-ter plan, let’s see it. But one thing should be clear: inaction is not an op-tion. f 
LOYALTY OF COMMANDER IN CHIEF The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, amidst the breaking news alerts and tweets that have overwhelmed our Nation over the past several days, and as our Nation tunes in to a hearing taking place on the other side of the Capitol as I speak, lies a simple question: Did the President of the United States put his own personal and political interests above the interests of the American people? Congress cannot allow itself to be-come desensitized to the gravity of those accusations or be deterred from an aggressive, expeditious, and fully independent investigation conducted in full view of the American public, be-cause the real victims of this inves-tigation’s ‘‘cloud’’ are our constitu-ents: Americans who wake up every morning praying that their monthly budget won’t be compromised by the unexpected; who walk into their office hoping that today isn’t the day that that layoff notice arrives; who tuck their son or daughter into bed at night knowing that, despite working two jobs, their kid won’t be afforded the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.004 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4708 June 8, 2017 
same luxuries as their friend down the street; who look to Washington for a hand and instead see us forced to wres-tle with an almost unbelievable ques-tion: whether the leader of the free world compromised the security of his citizens and our democracy to a foreign adversary. Mr. Speaker, there has been an awful lot of talk about loyalty in the past 24 hours. Let’s be very, very clear. The American people should never have to be reassured of the loyalty of their Commander in Chief. 
f 
IN MEMORY OF GREGG ALLMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C
ARTER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to remember the life of Mr. Gregg Allman, award-winning rock and roll singer and songwriter who passed away in Savannah, Georgia, on Sunday May 27, 2017, at the age of 69. Mr. Allman will be remembered as the keyboardist and distinctly soulful voice of the Allman Brothers, a three- time Grammy Award-winning South-ern rock band whose popularity has spawned generations of dedicated fol-lowers throughout the world. Born in Nashville, Tennessee, in 1947, Mr. Allman and his brother, Duane, were skilled guitarists and keyboardists by the time they grad-uated from high school. The brothers went on to perform with a number of small West Coast sound rock bands throughout the 1960s, moving between Los Angeles and Jacksonville, before establishing the Allman Brothers Band in 1969. The band’s most popular songs in-cluded ‘‘Midnight Rider,’’ ‘‘Whipping Post,’’ and ‘‘Ramblin’ Man,’’ which ref-erences Macon’s Highway 41, where Mr. Allman was laid to rest. These songs will span the test of time and continue to live on, even as the music industry has drastically changed. In 1973, Mr. Allman began a solo ca-reer and enjoyed a great deal of success as both a member of the Allman Broth-ers and a solo act. In 1995, Allman and the other members of the band were in-ducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. I am proud that Mr. Allman chose to call Savannah home, and I am honored to have the opportunity to represent such an outstanding artist. 
REMEMBERING FRANK CHAPPELL , JR. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the groundbreaking and altruistic life of Mr. Frank Chappell, who passed away on Saturday, May 27, 2017, at the age of 85. Originally from Quitman, Georgia, Mr. Chappell always had a passion for serving others. He grew up as an inte-gral member of his church and joined the Army directly after high school to serve his country and fight in the Ko-rean war. In the Army, he gained the motivation he needed to continue his education, enrolling in Savannah State University upon his return home from Korea. He moved to Savannah permanently after graduation and continued using his passion for service to make Savan-nah a better place to live. In 1957, he joined the Savannah police depart-ment. Mr. Chappell was in the second group of African-American police officers the department had ever hired. However, at that time, these officers were still un-able to drive in police cars or arrest po-tential criminals. Nevertheless, Mr. Chappell’s personable nature created a connection with neighbors around Sa-vannah that, before 1957, had felt underrepresented. He retired from the police force after 35 years but, subsequently, embarked on another service position as a mem-ber of the city council for Thunderbolt, Georgia. During his term there, he was instrumental in building a new town hall and senior citizen building. I am proud to thank Mr. Chappell, as well as his family, for all of his out-standing work in the Savannah com-munity. He certainly will be missed. AMERICAN PATRIOT AWARD WINNER JUDGE J . 
ALEXANDER ATWOOD  
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to recognize the out-standing career of Judge Alex Atwood, who received the American Patriot Award from the Glynn County Vet-erans Council on May 29, 2017. Each year, one individual that has exhibited leadership that positively impacts Glynn County receives this award. Mr. Atwood is certainly worthy of this title. He started his career as a local law enforcement officer before he transitioned his knowledge of the law into a career as a special agent with the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, where he educated thousands on the role of public defenders. In Glynn County, Judge Atwood is well known for his extraordinary legal career, serving as a magistrate judge for Glynn County and as a representa-tive for Georgia’s 179th District in the Georgia General Assembly. In this ca-pacity, Judge Atwood has been a cham-pion for Georgians. He introduced leg-islation that set parameters for illegal immigration, provides protections against human trafficking, and gen-erates structured legal reform. Judge Atwood has found the time to devote himself to a number of Glynn County organizations, working with each to make Glynn County a better place. Judge Atwood is a beaming ex-ample of leadership, and his career serves as an important lesson in ful-filling our civic duty as Americans. 
f 
THANKING HOWARD P. MARGULEAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Howard Marguleas, a talented businessman, incredible father and friend, and blessing to those who knew him. He made a tremendous positive impact on so many lives, including my own. His list of achievements and con-tributions to our Nation is long. Sadly, he passed away June 1, 2017. His spirit of service and leadership will live for generations to come. As a business leader, he took the produce industry by storm as the prin-cipal founder of Sun World Inter-national. He brought many new prod-ucts to American consumer markets, like the delicious new seedless water-melon, various new types of grapes, and the Hawaiian pineapple. b1030 Sun World International became a powerhouse produce company under his watch, one of the largest in the Nation. His business leadership was well recog-nized. He served on the California State Board of Food and Agriculture as a key adviser to Governor Pat Brown on issues important to the many farmers, ranchers, and consumers in California. He was named as one of the most influ-ential produce leaders of the past 100 years by the industry publication, The Packer. Mr. Marguleas was a genuinely good man. His incredible heart of gold was shown through his generosity as a phi-lanthropist. He championed healthcare access and education, issues near and dear to my own heart. He was vice chair at the University of California at Riverside, and served as a trustee at the Eisen-hower Medical Center for more than 15 years. He also helped found the Coachella Valley Boys and Girls Club, which has grown to five clubhouses serving thou-sands of children across the valley. This is just a small part of the in-credible work he did as a philan-thropist and community leader throughout his life. Mr. Marguleas was very special to me and my family in a very deeply per-sonal way. He gave my father, Gilbert, the chance in life that transformed our entire family. He gave my dad, who didn’t finish high school, a good job working at Sun World packing in Ther-mal and a ticket to the middle class. He promoted my dad to eventually manage the plant. That allowed my family to move from our trailer and into our home in Coachella. He used to give us Angels and Dodg-ers baseball tickets and giant Hershey chocolate bars for Christmas. For a kid who loves chocolate, those giant bars were like a gift from God Himself. What really moves me is that he paid for a full year of my undergrad studies at UCLA, when my dad couldn’t afford it. Imagine that. He helped a boy from a trailer park, son of farmworkers, achieve his dreams to be a doctor and serve the community. He did so with-out fanfare, headlines, or public rec-ognition. He did it because he cared for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.006 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4709 June 8, 2017 
my dad, my family, and me. Without him, I wouldn’t be where I am today. The amazing thing is that I am not the sole person touched and trans-formed by his kindness. There are so many more. His generosity and kind-ness are an inspiration. My thoughts and prayers are with his wife, Ardith, his four children, and nine grandchildren. I know that Howard’s legacy will live on because his work touched so many across California and the Nation. So on behalf of the people of Califor-nia’s 36th Congressional District; my wife, Monica; my girls, Sky and Sage; my mother, Blanca; my brother, Robbin; and my sister, Star, thank you, Mr. Marguleas. You will forever be in our hearts. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF PHILLIP D. LEDFORD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Phillip D. Ledford, Navy veteran, dog lover, pa-triot, and husband to Helene, his wife of 41 years. I was blessed to be Phil’s next-door neighbor in Tucson for the last 20 years. Having lost my father at the age of 12, Phil became a father figure to me, and I loved him deeply. Phil was born in Ohio and joined the Navy in 1963, at the age of 17, requiring his father to approve his enlistment. After 4 years serving as a boilerman and traveling the world, he transitioned to civilian life. After working in Ohio as a commercial re-frigerator technician, Phil, Helene, and their beloved English Setter named Molley moved to Tucson. Phil and his best friend and brother- in-law Mike would go on adventures in the desert and mountains, exploring old mines, gold prospecting, and hiking the beautiful landscapes of Arizona. After Molley passed away, Phil and Helene couldn’t imagine bringing an-other dog into their broken hearts for a while. Slowly, my Golden Retriever, Penelope, started to melt his heart, and soon they were spending their days together. Phil and Helene cared for Pe-nelope when I was deployed to Afghani-stan, then drove across the country to help me move when I got orders to Ala-bama. Phil came out to babysit Penel-ope and even drove her all the way back to Tucson to be at home for a while with Helene. Phil volunteered to be a foster for the local Golden Retriever rescue orga-nizations. He took this responsibility seriously, caring for many goldens coming out of difficult circumstances. One golden named Rudy had cancer, and Phil agreed to care for him until he passed. Rudy was deathly afraid of thunder, but Phil discovered that Rudy’s fears were cured if he was riding in a car. So every time storms came, Phil would load Rudy up—even borrowing Mike’s van so that Rudy could enter more easily—and drive him around so he wasn’t afraid during the storm, even if the storm lasted all night—no complaints and no questions asked. When I returned home to Tucson, we cut a hole in the wall between the two houses, and we had doggy doors, food bowls, toys, and treats in both places. Penelope happily lived in both of her homes again, roaming freely. What a life. What love. Phil was with me when Penelope passed in 2014. Within a few weeks, Phil’s best friend Mike went to be with the Lord after battling Agent Orange- caused cancer for years. It was a rough spring for Phil, losing his best guy friend and furry friend so quickly. Despite our grief, we soon welcomed a rescue golden named Boomer into our lives and hearts. Boomer was a 10- month-old, energetic handful, and Phil got to work with his training, coach-ing, and love. Phil was a patriot, who loved his country, God, and valued a hard day’s work. He was a skilled tradesman, who was always eager to pull out his tools and try to fix literally anything that broke in the house or car. Those of us who knew him best and loved him called him our favorite cur-mudgeon. He was stubborn and opin-ionated but would literally give you the shirt off his back or the last dollar in his wallet. He used to scold me on my lack of discipline with the dogs. Boomer would get rambunctious with me and not lis-ten but was perfectly well behaved with Phil. I realized, finally, that Boomer saw me as a litter mate and Phil as the pet parent. In November 2015, Phil was diagnosed with head and neck cancer. The last year and a half, he navigated an ex-tremely difficult journey. He channeled his stubbornness towards his fight against cancer and refused to give up or get down. His deep character traits of selflessness, faith, love, courage, and humility were tested and purified on this walk. He was a hero and example to all of us in the face of extreme pain, suffering, adversity, and eventually the end of his physical life. In mid-April, the cancer came back with a vengeance and rapidly spread. The pain was unbearable at times, and it was so difficult for us to watch him suffer. Two weeks ago yesterday, he took a turn for the worse. I flew home from D.C. to be with him. After a long night, Helene, Boomer, and I were by his side, praying he would be willing to let go and be received into God’s holy em-brace. He was unconscious for over 24 hours, but in that prayer, he scrunched his eyes closed twice, took his last breath, and went to be with the Lord, finally free of all the suffering and fully restored. We could all learn a lot from Phil Ledford. He did not live a complicated life and found pure joy in simple and beautiful things: a walk with a beloved dog; exploring with his best friend Mike; watching football with his adored bride, Helene; tinkering with the furnace or his Jeep; a walk and cas-ual dinner at our local favorite res-taurant, Papa Locos; driving me to the airport or events with constituents; taking care of and protecting those whom he loved. He didn’t seek glory, fame, or riches, but humanity, integ-rity, loyalty, and service. Phil Ledford was a good man with a large heart and a selfless spirit. I truly could not have served in my calling in uniform and in Congress without his love and support. He directed us to not have a memorial service or funeral, but he never said anything about a speech on the floor of the House of Represent-atives. It is the least I could do to honor his impact on my life and all those blessed to know him and love him, human and furry. We love you and miss you, Phil. As the song says: ‘‘Go rest high on that mountain. Son, your work on Earth is done.’’ f 
UNDERPAYMENT OF EMPLOYEES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. K
HANNA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express a simple principle: People who are working to bag gro-ceries should not have to rely on gov-ernment assistance, on nutrition as-sistance, to be able to buy groceries. Yet, across this country, there are thousands of workers who go and put in a full day’s work yet can’t afford the basic necessities of food and clothing. And it is the taxpayers, all of us, that bear the responsibility for the under-payment by large corporations. A Berkeley study has said that this un-derpayment by large corporations, low wages, is costing the American tax-payers $153 billion a year. I am proud to introduce the Cor-porate Responsibility and Taxpayer Protection Act with nine other col-leagues that would require companies to be responsible for the underpayment of their employees. The idea is simple: If people are putting in a hard day’s work and a full week’s work, they de-serve wages that will allow them to be part of the middle class. Too often, what happens is corporations, even if they are paying a $15 minimum wage, will adjust an employee’s hours so that they don’t get more take-home pay for the month. What this bill will do is say that a corporation that isn’t paying a fair wage, where employees are relying on government assistance, the corporation is responsible for that government as-sistance. It is not the taxpayers who should be paying for that; it is the cor-porations who should be held respon-sible for the underpayment of wages. My hope is that none of the corpora-tions will have to pay this tax. That they will do the right thing by working families in the middle class. That they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.008 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4710 June 8, 2017 
will recognize that, in a time of record corporate profits, they can afford to pay a decent wage. I am hopeful that this bill will re-ceive bipartisan support, because it is the very premise of this country that if you work hard, if you play by the rules, you should be able to be part of the middle class. 
f 
CIVILITY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. B
ACON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues and fellow citizens to elevate our political dis-course in which we participate for the good of our country. Some of what I see in America grieves me. The partisan divide grows more volatile, and decency shrinking in our political dialogue. Many on the left continue to say, Mr. Trump is ‘‘not my President.’’ And in the past, some on the right have said, Mr. Obama is ‘‘not my President.’’ Now we have people who think it is comical to be photographed with the depiction of the President’s bloodied head. I can only think of real-life intel-ligence photos I have viewed of inno-cent men and women shortly after their decapitation at the hands of a terrorist. Escalating America’s polit-ical discussion to actions like what Ms. Griffin is guilty of undermines our Na-tion’s discourse and weakens the unity of our citizens, and I don’t know where it stops. I fear we are pulling apart. The left and right should not hate each other. As Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., as-serted: ‘‘Hate cannot drive out hate: only love can do that.’’ We must be able to disagree, debate, and then strive together for America. When we pull apart, our Nation weakens and our citizens become more vulnerable. I fear that if we continue down this path, the political wedge will be so ugly it will not be so easily repaired. b1045 It is this pulling apart that caused us not to pass a defense spending bill on time for almost a decade. Our military leaders have stated we are back to the hollow force of the 1970s due to this congressional malpractice. Our Navy is unable to fly half of their aircraft; the Army only has 3 of their 58 combat bri-gades fully ready to deploy; and our Air Force pilots fly less hours today than they did during the hollow force years. In other words, the partisan rancor has undermined our Nation’s defense, and our servicemen and -women are paying for this price in readiness. If North Korea, Russia, or another threat tries to take advantage of our weak-nesses, our great warriors will pay for it with their blood. I love our country and our represent-ative democracy. We have had our times of extreme divide. At the begin-ning of our Nation’s history, there were very aggressive debates between the followers of John Adams and Thomas Jefferson, for example. We saw strife during Andrew Jackson’s Presidency, when many of his opponents feared he was going to be America’s Napoleon, and we survived those times. But let us not forget the bitter acri-mony leading up to the 1860s, when we saw physical assaults on the floor of Congress. That divide was only solved after over 600,000 Americans died in the Civil War. Let us debate the issues. I have al-ready held five townhalls myself to en-gage in the essential debates to im-prove our country, and I will hold more. But when it comes to the vitriol and verbal assaults, let us all take a knee and reflect. Are we taking our Nation to a poten-tial precipice of a disaster if we keep turning up the volume of this partisan-ship? Earlier this year, the congressional freshman class signed a civility pledge. I again pledge civility, but I also im-plore our Nation to include our media and entertainment to reflect on the tone and ugliness that we are seeing. Let us rein in the anger and disrespect. I implore our President, our Senate, all of us in the people’s House, all of our citizens, let us raise the bar of our de-bate and treat each other with respect. Let us not cross the line between criti-cizing the issues to criticizing the per-son. I have served in the military next to many great Americans for nearly 30 years, and we all swore to protect and defend every American with our lives, regardless of our party affiliations. In fact, I rarely knew if a person was a Republican or a Democrat during my time in the Air Force. Let us not forget, too, that, during our history, 1.2 million Americans gave their lives in the defense of this coun-try. They were Democrats, Repub-licans, Independents. Some had no party at all. Some were Federalists. Some were Whigs. They paid the ulti-mate price so we could have the privi-lege of a free and open debate that we enjoy today. They fought and died so our citizens could be the sovereigns of our Nation. Let us turn away from the anger, outrage upon outrage, away from the character assassinations. Let us turn toward civil debate and contend for our ideas and values in a manner pursuant to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness. When we lose an election, re-gardless of the party, let us do so gracefully, and respect the will of the voters and the Constitution. Let us agree when we agree, and respectfully disagree when we disagree. But to re-sist at all costs, on every issue, is dam-aging to our country. Today, some are calling for impeach-ment of our President. With the facts that we have, it is wrong and it is put-ting politics over the well-being of our country, and we are better than this. Let us turn down the volume. CONGRATULATING NORTH HALL HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, it is a joy today that I rise to con-gratulate North Hall High School on winning the State baseball champion-ship in Georgia in their class. This is especially happy for me because I am a Trojan. I graduated from North Hall High School in 1984. It is amazing that it seems that long ago, but it is also looking back as one of the first sports championships in baseball that they have received, and it is a truly exciting time in our commu-nity. I have watched these young men grow up, many with my own son play-ing ball, and it is exciting to see that fulfillment. At the start of the season, the team rallied around the promise of ‘‘Leave No Doubt.’’ It reminded North Hall players and coaches to offer the best ef-fort without exception and to prove wrong anyone who doubted their poten-tial for success. Persevering in the 2017 season was no small task. The team opened the first round of the State playoffs, in fact, with a 6–1 loss. Few people expected the Trojans to recover after that game, but they followed it with 10 straight wins. Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that North Hall earned the title of State Champion. This victory serves as a testament to the team’s determination and a re-minder to us all that dedication, even in the most unlikely circumstances, does pay off. Whenever we give up, we surrender our dreams. To the young men that I have watched grow up, the young men in our community who now hold the title of State Champion, I say congratulations. 
HONORING ARMY LIEUTENANT COLONEL TERRY  
BARRON  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today in honor of retired Army Lieutenant Colonel Terry Bar-ron, Georgia’s first female Blackhawk helicopter pilot. My neighbors in the city of Gainesville recently declared May 25 to be Terry Barron Day in honor of this outstanding servicemem-ber. Lieutenant Colonel Barron served in the Georgia National Guard for 30 years and, in 2011, was deployed to Iraq. In addition to her military service, Lieutenant Colonel Barron served as a math professor and the former chair of Brenau University’s math and science department. In this role, she equipped students with the knowledge and skills that allowed them to pursue careers in math and science. As both a soldier and a professor, Lieutenant Colonel Barron has lived a life dedicated to serving and empow-ering others, making them more con-fident as they approach the challenges of each new day. I would like to commend Lieutenant Colonel Barron for her service to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:40 Jun 08, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.009 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4711 June 8, 2017 
northeast Georgia and on behalf of her country. 
PUTTING PEOPLE BACK IN POWER  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, as I rise today, it is a good day on the floor of the House. It is a good day for those of us who have went before the voters on occasions and said that one of the issues that we have to take up in Washington, D.C., is removing the barriers to letting everyday people get up and be able to access the finan-cial markets, to access their business opportunities, to follow their hopes, dreams, and ambitions. And on the floor of the House today, we will fulfill that. We will take up and pass the Finan-cial CHOICE Act, which repeals Dodd- Frank, which takes the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau, which many of us believe is unconstitu-tional—how could a body of Congress actually empower an agency that we have no control over, no accountability to us, they do as they want to do and, yet, control so much of our economy? Today we take a step forward. We take a step forward to putting people back in power, to letting our commu-nity banks and our credit unions get back to doing what they do best, and that is treating their community and their people with respect, finding loans, opening up possibilities, having that next dream of someone who says, ‘‘I just want to take this opportunity,’’ and being able to fund it. You see, a lot has been said, and there are distractions everywhere, Mr. Speaker. We understand that many say nothing is getting done, but I look back and I say that the Republican ma-jority is moving forward. We have a new Supreme Court Jus-tice. We have passed 14 CRAs, rolling back almost $18 billion in compliance costs of regulations promulgated by the former administration. We have begun the process of doing what we said we are doing by replacing a failed healthcare system in which we have just found out in Ohio, Nebraska, Iowa, Georgia, that premiums have skyrocketed, where markets are no longer viable, where insurance is not there, and even if it is there, there are many places where they can buy it but not use it. That is health insurance, not healthcare. In fact, that is nothing for those who need it. You see, in Congress, we are moving forward. It is an agenda led by the ad-ministration, with the House and the Senate working together to say that we believe in the American people. We believe that the spirit of America is found in the individual hometowns, in the individual spirits that live there, not in a government that is controlled completely from Washington, D.C., where Washington says we know best. It is time we unleash the spirit again. Through this House, that process is starting today. The Financial CHOICE Act is a ful-fillment of a promise, and there are many more to come. DODD-FRANK HINDERS ECONOMIC GROWTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, for the past 8 years, we have been stuck in the slowest economic recovery in 70 years. With all the debate about the Financial CHOICE Act today, a simple question gets to the heart of the matter: Do we want to grow again? I contend, Mr. Speaker, the answer is—the answer has to be a resounding yes. It has to be yes because there is a moral imperative at play. The Finan-cial CHOICE Act is about ending a stagnant status quo that is crushing our economy and opportunity. Multiple studies show that the Dodd- Frank Act has hindered economic growth. One study estimates that, be-cause of the overregulation we have seen since the 2008 financial crisis, there are 650,000 fewer small businesses than there otherwise would be, which would have provided 6.5 million jobs. That is 6.5 million people not utilizing their God-given talents for the better-ment of society. That is 6.5 million people not paying the Social Security, Medicare, and income taxes that we need to fund critical programs. Some just want to raise taxes on the already-burdened taxpayers. I say, let us get new taxpayers into the game. Having more taxpayers helps us to pay for programs for veterans, education, medical research to find cures for dis-eases like Alzheimer’s and cancer, tax-payers to help fund the national de-fense. A couple of weeks ago, I visited a senior center in my district and had some very special conversations. Folks told me about the days when there were lots of jobs in factory towns in western Pennsylvania, and one World War II veteran showed me his Bronze Star. These individuals are counting on us to allow an economy to grow that will create the taxpayers who can help pay for the critical programs that support them, that pay for their care. We have a moral obligation, Mr. Speaker, to restore healthy growth to this economy. Today, let us pass the Financial CHOICE Act. Let us move from overregulation to right-sized reg-ulation. Let us unclog the flow of cap-ital to small businesses. Let us unclog consumers’ access to credit. Let us lower the cost of financial services for everyday consumers. Let us bring an end to the anti-growth policies of the last 8 years and move into a much brighter, more prosperous future for everyone. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 56 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: God of grace and goodness, thank You for giving us another day. We ask Your blessing of strength and perseverance that each Member might best serve their constituents and our entire Nation. May it be their purpose to see to the hopes of so many Americans, so as to authenticate the grandeur and glory of the ideals and principles of our demo-cratic Republic with the work they do. Grant that the men and women of the people’s House find the courage and wisdom to work together to forge solu-tions to the many needs of our Nation and ease the anxieties of so many. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. C
RAWFORD ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. CRAWFORD led the Pledge of Al-legiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.012 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4712 June 8, 2017 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, June is Alz-heimer’s Awareness Month. Alz-heimer’s is a progressive disease that leads to memory loss and other chal-lenges in brain and physical function. Ultimately, it is fatal. More than 5 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s, including over 220,000 residents of Illinois. Every 66 seconds, another American is diag-nosed with this disease, and the rate of new cases are increasing. It has become our Nation’s sixth leading cause of death. Last year, Congress and the White House worked in a bipartisan manner to enact the 21st Century Cures Act. The legislation transforms our health research system to speed up the fight against Alzheimer’s and other diseases, but that is just the start. Let’s keep working together to end this dev-astating disease. 
f 
DISMANTLING THE CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION BUREAU (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the Financial Services Committee in strong opposi-tion to the Financial CHOICE Act, or, more appropriately titled, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. The proponents of this bill claim it is about regulatory relief for our Nation’s community banks, but it is not. This bill guts the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, an organization that was developed to protect consumers from unfair, deceptive, abusive prac-tices. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today be-cause the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau has done amazing things. This bill would dismantle it, dismantle a Bureau that just in 6 years has recov-ered almost $12 billion for over 29 mil-lion Americans. Mr. Speaker, this is the wrong choice. This bill returns the American economy to the deregulatory state that led us to the great financial crisis and the deepest recession since the Great Depression. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, because the fun-damental question is, it does not pro-vide choice or hope or opportunity for investors or for entrepreneurs. IN MEMORY OF STAFF SERGEANT ROBERT DALE VAN FOSSEN (Mr. CRAWFORD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAWFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Staff Sergeant Robert Dale Van Fossen of the Army National Guard and celebrate his re-turn home after more than half a cen-tury. In November 1952, Staff Sergeant Van Fossen boarded an aircraft and took off from McChord Air Base in Tacoma, Washington, to Elmendorf Air Force Base in Alaska. In midflight, the plane disappeared in bad weather near Mid-dleton Island in the Gulf of Alaska. Al-though some wreckage was found, no remains were recovered, and the De-partment of Defense notified the vic-tims’ families that they would have no remains to bury. Van Fossen’s parents held a memo-rial service for their son in Greenbrier at the Macedonia Baptist Church. Though all hope seemed lost, the Van Fossen family kept trying to solve the mystery. For many years, they made efforts to learn about the crash. His sister Wilma Jean shared stories about it with her son Kevin Caid, and Kevin Caid began to seek as much information as he could regarding his late uncle. In June 2012, on a training mission, a Black Hawk Army National Guard unit discovered the wreckage only 12 miles away from the original crash site of the C–124. After closer inspection of the spot, it was determined it was indeed the missing plane from 1952. Finally, in March 2016, Staff Ser-geant Robert Dale Van Fossen’s re-mains were confirmed found in Alaska. Along with the news of his remains being found, the family was informed that he would be returning home. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to say that Staff Sergeant Robert Dale Van Fossen finally returned home last month and is now at last buried next to his sister Wilma Jean Caid at the Cleburne Coun-ty Memorial Gardens. 
f 
PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT (Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, it is with great disgust that I rise in condemnation of President Trump’s withdrawal of the United States from the Paris climate accord. Despite his promise to make America great again, the President’s pullout from this agreement does exactly the opposite. It puts America behind 194 other countries that have placed truth and reality over ignorance. Climate change is real and it is man-made. It is a threat that must be ad-dressed, and it is extremely frustrating that this administration has chosen to withdraw from the global fight against global warming. This pullout sends a message that the United States is no longer interested in leading the efforts to stop global warming, and it is a self- inflicted wound and undercuts trust in American leadership. Withdrawal from the Paris Agree-ment will not save the coal industry, it won’t make America great again, and it is another impulsive and destructive decision by this administration that hurts our future. f 
HABITAT FOR HUMANITY AND DODD-FRANK (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, during my first term in Congress, I had the oppor-tunity to join Habitat for Humanity on one of their builds back in Oakland County, Michigan. It was a lot of fun and time well spent. Earlier this year, I met with Habitat and heard about their struggle to pro-vide affordable homes under the regu-lations imposed by Dodd-Frank. Habi-tat for Humanity relies on the gen-erosity of so many: not just volunteers who build the home or donate to their cause, but those who provide profes-sional services free of charge. Of course a home needs to be ap-praised before a loan is approved, and many times professional appraisers volunteer their services. Under Dodd- Frank, however, that is not allowed. Dodd-Frank mandates that appraisers receive customary and reasonable com-pensation for their services. This means Habitat can no longer accept do-nated services. In fact, Habitat told me that the complex Dodd-Frank rules have tripled the cost of loans. That is why I introduced the HOME Act; and I urge my colleagues to sup-port the act, as it is part of the CHOICE Act we are considering later today. Let’s make sure Habitat can continue its important mission. 
f 
PULLING OUT OF THE PARIS AGREEMENT (Mr. TONKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my deep disappointment that President Trump intends to pull the United States out of the historic Paris climate agreement. This agreement is a powerful symbol of America’s strength and global leadership. It promised a bright future for our Nation and the world powered by clean energy. America was poised to lead that clean energy revolution. Instead, the world is now making plans to move ahead without us. Jobs will be created without us. New industries will be born and new innovative technologies manu-factured without us. If we stick with this President’s decision, America will be on the outside looking in. I want to make one thing perfectly clear. I am still in, and so are more 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.014 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4713 June 8, 2017 
than 1,000 of America’s most forward- thinking cities, States, universities, and businesses, including the cities of Albany, Schenectady, and Saratoga Springs, Union and Skidmore Colleges, and SUNY Albany. So are millions of our fellow Americans and communities in every single congressional district across our great Nation. Together, we will embrace the climate economy, even if our President does not. President Trump’s decision is a scar on America’s image, but the American people will continue to demand leader-ship on reducing carbon pollution. Our children and our grandchildren are counting on us. Let’s not fail them. 
f 
COMMUNITY BANKS AND DODD- FRANK (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, since the enactment of Dodd-Frank in 2010, a total of 357 financial institutions have been forced out of business. Four com-munity banks in Alabama are on that list. That amounts to nearly $7.5 bil-lion less in Alabama’s economy that could be lent to small businesses and farmers. In all, nearly 20 percent of Alabama’s community banks have ei-ther closed or been forced to merge under Dodd-Frank. Why is this happening? Because homegrown banks can’t keep up with the crazy compliance costs that Dodd- Frank mandates. Here is an example: One credit union in Alabama’s Wiregrass region, their compliance de-partment size has tripled. They esti-mate that these new costs have limited their growth by as much as $60 million. That is not right. Hometown lenders in Alabama didn’t cause the financial cri-sis of 2009, but now they and their cus-tomers are paying the price. There is no question we need strong laws to govern our financial markets, but Dodd-Frank is not the answer. We now have a chance to fix this broken law, untangle this regulatory web, and unleash the capital investment that is so crucial to economic growth. I urge my colleagues to support the CHOICE Act. 
f 
WITHDRAWING FROM THE PARIS CLIMATE ACCORD (Mr. M
CNERNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. M
CNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today because the safety and future of the American people is in jeopardy. Last week, the President made the irresponsible decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Military and national security leaders have asserted the need to ad-dress climate change as an imminent global threat. Removal from the Paris accord abdicates America’s global lead-ership and increases the likelihood of climate disasters. However, where our President has failed, State and local leaders are step-ping up and leading. For example, last week, California’s Governor, Jerry Brown, brokered an agreement with China on reducing emissions. On the campaign trail, the President had a lot to say about China taking American jobs, but when he had the chance to pave the way to create American job growth, he failed. We must combat climate change and continue to deploy clean energy sources across the Nation that benefit our national security and create jobs. f 
NATIONAL HEMP HISTORY WEEK (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, this week is National Hemp History Week. Industrial hemp is a crop that can be used to produce more than 25,000 prod-ucts, from textiles and fabrics to com-posites, auto parts, or even food. Hemp is such an industrial crop that, during World War II, the USDA produced a film encouraging farmers to grow hemp to support the war effort because tex-tiles and fibers were in such short sup-ply. George Washington, Thomas Jeffer-son, James Madison, and James Mon-roe all grew hemp. Today, however, in-dustrial hemp is largely illegal for widespread production because the Controlled Substances Act does not make the distinction between hemp and marijuana. Both are varieties of the cannabis plant, but that is where the similar-ities end. Unlike marijuana, hemp is high in fiber that makes it so useful and only has miniscule amounts of PSC. In 2004, Congress began to recognize the differences when it passed the 2014 farm bill, which included language to allow industrial hemp pilot programs. Today, more than 30 States have en-acted laws to legalize industrial hemp for research or commercial purposes. I was proud to lead the effort to cre-ate a hemp program in Kentucky that has been highly successful, with nearly 250 permitted growers and small busi-nesses today. Now we need to take the next step in bringing hemp into the mainstream as a crop. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to advance legislation to make in-dustrial hemp a legal crop for the farm-ers of Kentucky and across the United States of America. 
f 
b1215 PROTECT AND EXPAND MONUMENT DESIGNATIONS (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, today marks the 111th anniversary of the An-tiquities Act. Over more than a cen-tury, Presidents of both parties have preserved and opened to the public over 157 monuments, like the Grand Canyon by President Theodore Roosevelt, or Zion in Utah by President William Howard Taft, or the Pacific National Monument in Hawaii by President George W. Bush. It is also connected to our economy and jobs, with 7 million jobs in the United States connected to outdoor recreation in our national monuments. While this administration is review-ing certain monuments, we need to protect the ones that we already have, like Organ Mountains National Monu-ment in New Mexico, or Bears Ears Na-tional Monument in Utah. We also need to think about expand-ing national monuments where we have heritage that we want to preserve, like Castner Range, that preserves 10,000 years of human history and civilization in El Paso, Texas, where the United States and Mexico meet. Mr. Speaker, let’s work together to strengthen the Antiquities Act and not diminish its protections. f 
FREE SPEECH (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, people who are the loudest in proclaiming their tolerance are often the most intolerant people of all. This has been proven in spades this year at the most liberal leftwing col-lege campuses all over this country. Almost all colleges and universities now have programs or offices sup-posedly promoting diversity. However, this diversity apparently does not apply to conservatives. Probably the least diverse groups in this Nation today are the faculties of our universities. And while almost ev-eryone in higher education will say they are for freedom of speech, con-servative students know they can ex-press their views only at the risk of lower grades. In addition, almost no leading con-servatives are invited to be college commencements speakers. This year, we have even seen very hateful dem-onstrations and some violence at uni-versities when conservative speakers have been invited to speak at these supposed bastions of free speech. Some of the young student haters conducting their far-left demonstrations would have fit right in during the book-burn-ing, anti-free speech days in Nazi Ger-many. 
f 
FOOD POLICY IS FOREIGN POLICY (Mr. EVANS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, for years, I have said: Food policy is foreign pol-icy. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.016 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4714 June 8, 2017 
And I will say it again: Our food pol-icy is our foreign policy. Think about it. Food unites family and friends. Food is nutritional. Food is medicine. Food is the cement that sets a foundation for strong, healthy neighborhoods. Just as Senator Dole and Senator McGovern worked together to rebuild SNAP, expand our School Lunch Pro-gram, and create WIC to fight hunger 40 years ago, we know food security is a bipartisan issue. In Philadelphia, 20 percent of our population is food insecure, meaning 1 in 5 Philadelphians often don’t know where their next meal will come from. To make our neighborhoods stronger block by block, we need to lay the framework for a strategy that gives our cities the resources to tackle this issue. Believe me when I say that I know our country is facing trying times we have never seen before. From Comey to Russia, to the President’s budget, and the Republican attack on healthcare, I know firsthand that the Nation has a lot to lose under this administration. This is why we need to ensure that we have more tools in our toolbox. It is time to retool to fight hunger. Food is the glue that keeps neighbor-hoods and nations united. Together, let’s roll up our sleeves and work to re-tool the way we fight hunger in our cit-ies, our Nation, and around the globe. Our food policy is our foreign policy. 
f 
HONORING AIR FORCE CAPTAIN JOE SMITH (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an American hero, Air Force Captain Joe Smith, as he makes his final flight home. Though it has been nearly half a cen-tury since the 25-year-old fighter pilot was fatally shot down during the Viet-nam war, he will finally be laid to rest in his hometown of Assumption, Illi-nois. Thanks to the efforts of the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, a group which searches the world for missing American veterans, the remains of Joe Smith were identified, along with his plane, by using DNA analysis. The ef-fort made to bring him home all these years later is a true testament to the military’s motto of no soldier left be-hind. Those who knew Joe remember him as being a bright, polite young man, who was well educated, earning his master’s degree in business at the Uni-versity of Notre Dame and Washington University. Though he did not have to, Joe went willingly into the service, where he began as a first lieutenant and quickly worked his way up to the promotion of being a captain. With the help of the Assumption His-torical Society, Joe’s widow, Elaine Mills, a native of Decatur, has worked hard to keep his memory alive and honor his service to our Nation. I hope to do the same by recognizing him today on this House floor. Joe is a true hero. This country and this House will long remember his valor. f 
MARSHALL PLAN (Mr. COSTA asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, 70 years ago this week, Secretary of State George Marshall proposed an ambitious plan to rebuild Europe following the devastation of World War II. Out of the Marshall Plan’s trans-atlantic spirit of shared interests and economic cooperation, stronger mili-tary integration arose in the form of NATO. NATO, alongside the European Union, have formed the pillars of a safe, secure, and strong Europe while promoting the U.S. security and eco-nomic interests, our interests. We must be firm in our commitment to article 5 of the NATO treaty. If America’s commitment to the alliance is doubted, either by other NATO coun-tries or adversaries of NATO, the peace secured by the United States and its al-lies will be threatened, make no mis-take about it. This is the longest peacetime period in Europe in over 1,000 years, which is really remarkable, and we should not take it for granted. It is our responsi-bility in Congress and in the White House to ensure that global order se-cured by NATO is strengthened, not damaged. So it is important that we recognize this 70th anniversary of the Marshall Plan. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MARY GOSEK (Mr. KATKO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a longtime central New York ovarian cancer advo-cate, Mary Gosek, who recently lost her own tremendous battle with the horrible disease. Through her work as president of the Oswego Chapter of Hope for Heather, Mary devoted countless hours to edu-cating women and men throughout our community on the symptoms and causes of ovarian cancer. Her great passion for finding a cure inspired many and gave hope to those who were suffering. Mary’s strength and determination was most visible in her efforts to raise awareness for ovarian cancer. Whether she was working together with her hus-band, Ed, to turn the Oswego State’s ice hockey arena teal, organizing a teal takeover of the Oswego Speedway, or sharing her own experiences in Wash-ington or Albany, Mary was committed to saving lives. Her spirit and tenacity in the fight against ovarian cancer will always be remembered. May it serve as an inspiration for others. In Mary’s memory, I will continue to advocate for increased funding for re-search into cures, treatment, and pre-vention so that we can someday know a day free of ovarian cancer. May her name forever be remembered in the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD . Rest peacefully, Mary. 
f 
HONORING STEVE HARDY (Mr. GARAMENDI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the memory of Mayor Steve Hardy of Vacaville, Cali-fornia, a man who dedicated his life to service, first in the U.S. Navy for 5 years, then as a policeman, and later in the California State Senate, where I had the privilege of working with him when he was the staff director of the Governmental Organization Com-mittee. During his tenure as mayor, he led the city through a very difficult pe-riod—the Great Recession—revising the city’s finances, bringing it back to vitality, and also continuing the role of Vacaville as one of the major cities in my district. It was a great pleasure working with him during those years. His marriage of 46 years to his wife, Jerri, is a testament not only to his service to the community, but also to his family. He is survived by his chil-dren. I look forward to his memory and to the future of Vacaville. 
f 
DEBBIE’S KIDNAPPING STORY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Americans once thought that the hor-rors of human trafficking were a for-eign problem. However, traffickers lurk all around us right here in Amer-ica. Debbie’s mother thought nothing of letting her young daughter meet a friend in front of their yard one night to play. Her mother didn’t realize her 15-year-old daughter, who was clad in her cartoon pajamas, was quickly ab-ducted by two men in front of their house. These deviants threw Debbie in the car, drugged her, and gang raped her. They threatened to shoot her if she ever tried to escape. For 60 days she was forced to have sex with countless men. An anonymous tip led police to a hotel room where they found Debbie tied up and stashed under a bed. But many trafficking victims are never res-cued. We cannot allow this scourge to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.018 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4715 June 8, 2017 
continue to rage in America. Our chil-dren are not for sale, period. And that is just the way it is. 
f 
REPEALING DODD-FRANK (Mr. RASKIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise be-cause the majority is expected to vote today to repeal Dodd-Frank, the legis-lation that we passed after Wall Street predators in the mortgage meltdown crisis cost the American people 8.7 mil-lion jobs and $19 trillion, including $2.7 trillion in retirement savings. Ten mil-lion Americans lost their homes and entire communities were devastated. But, amazingly, the majority wants to destroy the most important piece of financial safety legislation passed for the American people in 75 years. They call it the Financial CHOICE Act, but what kind of choice does it give you? It destroys the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which has saved 26 million people nearly $12 billion from scams and rip-offs. It destroys the Volcker rule, which keeps banks from making speculative bets with your money. The Financial CHOICE Act is the wrong choice for America and a very bad choice for Congress. 
f 
CREATING OPPORTUNITY FOR ALL AMERICANS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, today the House will take up and consider an im-portant bill that will help create oppor-tunity for all Americans: the Financial CHOICE Act. The Financial CHOICE Act repeals the most harmful aspects of the Dodd- Frank legislation that halted the flow of capital to our constituents, de-stroyed small community banks, frus-trated small businesses, and generally made life harder for Americans. The Financial CHOICE Act provides relief to Main Street businesses that had nothing to do with the 2008 financial crisis, but were slammed with onerous and unnecessary regulations anyway. Mr. Speaker, we need smart regula-tions that protect consumers and make our markets less risky. In many cases, Dodd-Frank did the opposite, and this has been a wet blanket on the econ-omy, destroying jobs and opportunities for millions of Americans. Importantly, Mr. Speaker, the bill also ends government bailouts for large banks considered too big to fail once and for all. It will cut our deficits by $25 billion and finally subject the Fed-eral Reserve to a proper audit. Mr. Speaker, above all, our bill pro-motes economic growth so that all Americans can have the freedom and ability to get the job they want, create the small business they have always dreamed of, and secure their family’s future. f 
PREPARING FOR DISASTER (Mr. BILIRAKIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, with hurricane season underway, my con-stituents in Florida and all Americans living in coastal regions are suscep-tible to these devastating storms. Disaster can strike at any time, often with little warning. It is never too early to prepare. Know your evacu-ation routes and have a supply kit ready. Also important, ensure your home is structurally sound to with-stand intense winds and rain. Taking steps now to reinforce a roof covering or protect an exterior window could mean the difference between sav-ing money in the long run and dealing with major property damage. That is why I am introducing the SHELTER Act, to provide tax credits to encourage people to stormproof their homes and properties. This legis-lation is about helping our commu-nities be proactive when it comes to preparing for hurricane season. Our local emergency managers in Pasco, Pinellas, and Hillsborough Counties do an incredible job of ensur-ing our communities are ready. But preparedness must also begin at home. 
f 
b1230 FRANCISCAN COMMUNITY DEPARTS CONWELL-EGAN (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, over the last 60 years, the Franciscan Friars shaped the lives of many stu-dents and families that have passed through the halls of Conwell-Egan Catholic High School in lower Bucks County. It is with a heavy heart that I rise today to announce the departure of the Franciscan community from Conwell-Egan. If you went to Egan like me, then you knew Father Fidelis and Brother Larry. Their service and the service of more than 150 other Friars who have ministered there have brought pro-found grace and enrichment to the lives of so many young men and women throughout lower Bucks County. The Franciscan Order at Conwell- Egan reinforced the school mission of building character through service, achieving academic excellence, and demonstrating a commitment to a life full of learning. Myself, my family, and the entire lower Bucks County community are forever grateful for their continuous guidance and their continuous support. As we say good-bye to these exemplary individuals, true representatives of St. Francis, we wish them the best as they move on to their next mission. f 
REPEAL OF CONSUMER PROTEC-TIONS IS NOT WHAT AMERICAN PEOPLE WANT (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to oppose the Financial CHOICE Act, which abandons the American peo-ple, as well as safety and soundness, in favor of Wall Street. Six megabanks now control two- thirds of the financial sector in our country and reaped record profits of over $170 billion in 2016. That is too much power in too few hands. Current law has made progress in protecting consumers from predatory practices. Repeal of these consumer protections is not what the American people want. This week, Congressman J
ONES and I propose to table the current legislation and replace it with our bipartisan bill, the Prudent Banking Act, which rein-states Glass-Steagall protections by separating prudent banking from risky Wall Street speculation that tanked our economy in 2008. The Rules Committee refused to allow our bill a vote. Nevertheless, we remain resolute. Glass-Steagall is something Presi-dent Trump ran on, as did B
ERNIE  S
ANDERS , and, in 2016, both the Repub-lican and Democratic platforms en-shrined policies to restore Glass- Steagall protections. Americans should know there is a growing bipartisan consensus fighting to protect the progress we have made, rein in Wall Street, and keep the wolves at bay and out of your pocket-book. I will be voting ‘‘no’’ on this bill and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF LESLIE SPAETH (Mr. CHABOT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a beloved Warren Coun-ty, Ohio, icon, Leslie Spaeth, who passed away recently at the age of 92. Mr. Spaeth was a dedicated husband and father and grandfather and great- grandfather. What made him so special was his dedication, not only to his fam-ily, but also to his community and to his country. Leslie Spaeth first served his Nation as a corporal during World War II. Throughout his life, he continued to serve our community as a volunteer firefighter, as president of the Mason Council, as Warren County Auditor, as a member of the Warren County Board of Elections, and, finally, as the War-ren County chairman of the Republican Party. In his personal time, he bettered the lives of those around him, volunteering 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.020 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4716 June 8, 2017 
with the American Legion’s Buckeye Boys State program and as an elder at his church. Mr. Speaker, Leslie Spaeth was a pa-triot and a family man, and it has been my honor to represent him in Congress since Warren County came into my congressional district. I wish his fam-ily my sincere condolences as we say good-bye to one of our finest. 
f 
PROVIDING RELIEF TO AMERICA’S COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTI-TUTIONS (Mr. ROYCE of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I would like to make the point: I am from the State of California, and that has long been the innovation capital for new ideas in America, for high-tech, and a place where a person with an idea and hard work and a little startup cap-ital can grow a business. We have had a major problem with respect to our community banks and our credit unions, the smaller ones, and that is they are going out of busi-ness at a very fast, rapid clip. A large percentage of them are struggling under this Dodd-Frank legislation that was passed in 2010. Now, I think the legislation was well- intended, but to put all the regulatory burden and these costs on these small-er institutions has ended up with this one-size-fits-all regulation that makes it very, very difficult for them to give credit to entrepreneurs across our State. I think that many of the provisions have been injurious, then, not only to the community banks, the credit unions, the smaller ones, but to the small businesses, to the borrowers, and to the savers that rely on these institu-tions. We do need to make adjustment in this, and the Financial CHOICE Act will provide, I think, much-needed re-lief to the community financial insti-tutions in a responsible and proactive way. I think that the premise is straightforward, which is a banking in-stitution has to be strongly capitalized and well-managed to get the off-ramp from Dodd-Frank. 
f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , H
OUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 8, 2017. Hon. P
AULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the per-mission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representa-tives, the Clerk received the following mes-sage from the Secretary of the Senate on June 8, 2017, at 9:04 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to S. Res. 184. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous mate-rials on the bill, H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 375 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consider-ation of the bill, H.R. 10. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. W
OMACK ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1237 
IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and opportunity for inves-tors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less stable, and less free, and for other purposes, with Mr. W
OMACK in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 45 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, at this time I proudly yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. R
YAN), the distinguished Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN. Mr. Chairman, I just want to start off by thanking Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and the entire Financial Serv-ices Committee for their leadership on this vital and important legislation. Job well done. The Financial CHOICE Act answers a deep need at the very heart of our economy. We have heard about this need time and again from our constitu-ents back home. I sure have. Small businesses are struggling. They have been unable to hire, invest, or get the loans that they need to get off the ground. Families looking to keep their money safe are hit with fees that they cannot afford. And why is this? Our community banks are in trouble. They are being crushed by the costly rules imposed on them by the Dodd-Frank Act. This law may have had good intentions, but its consequences have been dire for Main Street. Let me put it this way: It is more than 1,000 pages long and has more rules and regulations than any other Obama-era law. The burdens created are real and deep. These costs are unsustainable for small community banks who simply cannot afford to meet all the require-ments and can’t hire a team of lawyers to decipher the seemingly endless rules. So what do they do? They hunker down. They are unable to loan out money. Or worse, they are shutting down. The CHOICE Act reins in Dodd- Frank, and it delivers the regulatory relief these small banks so desperately need. This will change our commu-nities because these banks are the life-blood of our Main Streets. Where I come from, representing towns small and medium, they are not big companies in big cities getting money from big banks. They are small- and medium-size businesses in small- and medium-size towns hoping the community banker will be able to give them the loan they need to hire some people, to take a risk, to start a small business, to expand their small busi-ness. They know the needs of their communities, and they are able to identify the people who can fill those needs successfully. There is a reason why they handle the vast majority of small-business loans in this country: because they are the ones who are the closest to the small businesses. Here is the difference: The people big banks may overlook thinking it is some guy with a pipe dream, the com-munity banker is able to recognize that as a father of four with the drive to make his dream of a bicycle shop into a reality or a woman seeking to rent out retail space to open her dream restaurant using her family recipes, or maybe it is a young farmer with a new idea to integrate the latest technology into the family farm. The big banks don’t pay attention to that; only com-munity banks do. A couple of years later, with the help of these kinds of loans from these local banks, these so-called pipe dreams in these small towns and these rural counties become successful businesses. They become job creators. These are the ultimate success stories that our communities in America are built upon. This is why the Financial CHOICE Act is so important. It helps commu-nity banks and the small businesses that absolutely depend on them, it helps them thrive. It protects con-sumers by increasing accountability and transparency over the wider finan-cial sector, and it also repeals ‘‘too big to fail,’’ the rules codified by Dodd- Frank that have left taxpayers on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.022 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4717 June 8, 2017 
hook for too long. Ultimately, the Fi-nancial CHOICE Act is a jobs bill, and it is one that will bring hope back to Main Street. It is easy to talk about the economy and regulations as a series of numbers. It is easy to talk in vague terms about job creators and small-business owners. But what is far more important is iden-tifying the problems that they actually face and actually doing something about those problems to help make a difference to improve their lives. That is what this CHOICE Act is all about. It is why we were sent here: to look out for the people who work hard and who do the right thing. Let’s get this done for them. Let’s get this done for the people who take the risks, who live and breathe their work, for the people who strive and struggle every day for their families. Let’s pass the CHOICE Act today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 10 is being called the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act by the American public because this bill is truly the wrong choice for all of us. Indeed, this is one of the worst bills I have seen in my time in Congress. This bill is a vehicle for Donald Trump’s agenda to deregulate and help out Wall Street. It destroys nearly all of the important policies we put in place in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to prevent another financial crisis and protect consumers. This bill would cre-ate vast harm and lead us right back to the bad old days. We all remember the suffering that resulted from the Great Recession: $13 trillion in household wealth was lost; 11 million people lost their homes; the unemployment rate hit 10 percent. The impact was enormous and felt by all. This bill would pave the way back to economic damage of the same scale—or worse. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act guts the highly successful Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which works to make sure that hardworking Ameri-cans are not subjected to predatory practices in the financial marketplace. Since its creation, the Consumer Bu-reau has returned nearly $12 billion to more than 29 million consumers who have been ripped off by financial insti-tutions. This bill would foolishly put a stop to the Consumer Bureau’s good work and once again leave consumers vulnerable. That is not all. Across the board, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act removes essen-tial Dodd-Frank protections for con-sumers, investors, and our economy. b1245 Despite what Republicans will tell you, banks large and small are doing just fine since the passage of Dodd- Frank. Last year, they posted record profits. Here is the bottom line: Donald Trump and Republicans want to open the door to another economic catas-trophe like the Great Recession and re-turn us to a financial system where reckless and predatory practices harm our families and communities. We can-not allow that to happen. Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this catastrophically bad bill. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, it has been 7 years since the Dodd-Frank Act was passed, a monumental triumph of ideology over compassion and common sense. All of the promises of Dodd-Frank were bro-ken. They promised us it would lift the economy, Mr. Chairman, but, instead, we are still stymied in the weakest, slowest recovery in the postwar era. They promised us that it would end too big to fail, but, instead, it cyni-cally codified too-big-to-fail banks in the law and backed it up with a tax-payer bailout fund. It promised us, Mr. Chairman—they promised us that it would lead to a more stable economy, but, instead, the big banks are bigger. The small banks are fewer. We are losing a community bank or credit union a day. Our corporate bond market, a key component of financing of jobs, his-toric levels of volatility and illiquidity. They promised us, Mr. Chairman, that it would help the consumer, but, instead, we see free checking cut in half at banks, bank fees are up. The ranks of the unbanked have increased. For many creditworthy borrowers, they are paying $500 more for an auto loan. Have you tried getting a mort-gage recently? They are harder to come by and cost hundreds of dollars more to close. Every promise of Dodd-Frank has been broken. And, Mr. Chairman, we hear about it every day. I heard from Julieann, a banker in Massachusetts, and she wrote, ‘‘‘We have experienced a spike in loan declines to women,’ for their investigation identified that women attempting to buy the family home to settle their divorce and sta-bilize their family were being declined at a high rate due to the Dodd-Frank Qualified Mortgage rules. . . .’’ Dodd-Frank is hurting recently di-vorced women. I heard from Allen in New Hampshire who talked about his need for a new car, but he couldn’t find a loan from a bank, and he said: 
But for my local dealer’s efforts on my be-half, there is no doubt I would not be driving my current car, and this was a desperate sit-uation, for I am the sole income earner for my family. My wife is ill, and we have two young children in school. After my old vehi-cle broke down, I needed to find reliable, re-placement transportation so that I could get to work and continue to provide for my fam-ily. Please ensure that financing car and truck dealerships are not stymied by Dodd- Frank’s CFPB. 
I heard from Maxine in Salt Lake City, who talked about her company. She said: Last February, we were awarded a major catering contract for all food services in the new performing arts center. The new con-tract will require us to make a major invest-ment in equipment in small wares. We will be able to hire 50 additional staff. Unfortu-nately, red tape got in the way, turned what should have been a golden opportunity into an unbelievable headache. Three banks in-formed us that our rating, according to new bank regulations imposed by Dodd-Frank, disqualified us from consideration. 
Mr. Chairman, we have letter after letter, email after email, showing how Dodd-Frank is harming working fami-lies, harming small businesses, crush-ing community banks. Fortunately, Mr. Chairman, there is a better, smarter way, and it is called the Financial CHOICE Act. It is going to create hope and opportunity for in-vestors and consumers, and entre-preneurs, and it stands for economic growth for all, but bank bailouts for none. Contrary to Dodd-Frank, and what every Democrat will come here today— my friends on the other side of the aisle—and defend, we will end bank bailouts once and for all. We will re-place bailout with bankruptcy. We will replace economic stagnation with a growing healthy economy. We will en-sure that there will finally be pay in-creases, wage increases for working Americans who haven’t seen a pay in-crease since Dodd-Frank became law. We will replace Washington micro-management with market discipline. We will ensure that we replace tax-payer money with private money be-cause for every bank who will have a 10 percent simple leverage ratio, which is analogous to having a private insur-ance policy against bailout, we will let them have that Dodd-Frank off-ramp, and that is so important. But, Mr. Chairman, we are also going to hold Wall Street accountable with the toughest penalties that they have seen, and no more bailouts. Perhaps that is one of the reasons they oppose the Financial CHOICE Act and support the status quo of Dodd-Frank. We will make sure that there is need-ed regulatory relief for our small banks and credit unions, because it is our small banks who loan to our small businesses, that create the job engine of America, and make sure that the American Dream is not a pipe dream; but, instead, it is a dream and a vision where we will only be limited by our imagination. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, the Speaker and Mr. H
EN-
SARLING would have you think this is all about community banks being hurt, but let me tell you what this is all about. U.S. and foreign banks have paid more than $160 billion in penalties to resolve cases brought against them by the Justice Department and Federal regulatory agencies for cases involving collusion, fraud against consumers, bribery, and other abuses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:05 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.024 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4718 June 8, 2017 
There were 144 major cases of $100 million or more against 26 large U.S. and foreign banks. Just look at this: Bank of America, $56 billion; J.P.Morgan, $28 billion; Citigroup, $15 billion; Wells Fargo—and you know about Wells Fargo and what they did— $11 billion; Goldman Sachs, $9 billion; Morgan Stanley, $5 billion. This is about rip-offs, so this bill will prevent us from being able to assess these kinds of penalties on those who are rip-ping off the American public. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. C
LAY), ranking member of the Financial Insti-tutions and Consumer Credit Sub-committee. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member. I rise today to oppose H.R. 10, a dangerous assault on Amer-ican consumers that would gut the landmark Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form Act. If the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act is al-lowed to be inflicted on working fami-lies, the reckless financial speculators who sold out the American people on Wall Street would be given a free pass to perpetrate future financial abuses that will reap billions for them and rob average Americans of their financial security again. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act would take us back to the pre-2008 era of un-checked reckless financial abuses that resulted in the worst recession since the Great Depression. Let me remind Members of the crush-ing cost of that national economic emergency: over 8 million jobs lost, 10 percent unemployment, 7 million home foreclosures, and trillions of dollars of personal institutional wealth wiped out. No proponent of this bill can look the American people in the face and tell them that this is better for consumers, because it is not. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. G
OODLATTE ), chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I would first like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING for introducing this important piece of legislation. The CHOICE Act replaces the orderly liquidation authority under title II of Dodd-Frank with a new bankruptcy procedure developed by the Committee on the Judiciary in the Financial Insti-tution Bankruptcy Act. In 2008, our economy suffered one of the most significant financial crises in history. In the ensuing years, experts from the financial, regulatory, legal, and academic communities have exam-ined how best to prevent another simi-lar crisis from occurring and to elimi-nate the possibility of using taxpayer moneys to bail out failing firms. The Judiciary Committee has ad-vanced the review of this issue, with the aim of crafting a solution that will better equip our bankruptcy laws to re-solve failing firms, while also encour-aging greater private counterparty diligence in order to reduce the likeli-hood of another financial crisis. The Financial Institution Bank-ruptcy Act is the culmination of a multiyear, bipartisan process that so-licited and incorporated the views of a wide range of leading experts and rel-evant regulators. The CHOICE Act in-corporates all of the provisions of the Financial Institution Bankruptcy Act, providing a balanced approach that in-creases transparency and predictability in the resolution of a financial firm. Furthermore, it ensures that share-holders and creditors—not taxpayers— bear the losses related to the failure of a financial company. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERL-
MUTTER ), ranking member of the Ter-rorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade Subcommittee. Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) for yield-ing me time. I rise in opposition to H.R. 10, the ‘‘Bad’’ CHOICE Act, which brings back the Wild West to our financial markets and hurts consumers. It is a bad choice because this takes us back to a time when we were losing 800,000 jobs a month—not gaining 200,000 jobs a month. Colorado takes us back to when we had 10 percent unem-ployment—not 2.5 percent unemploy-ment. It takes us back to a time when the stock market was 6,500—not 21,000. It brings back no discipline. The mar-kets were in chaos. People got hurt. This kind of return to bad legislation and bad regulation is not good for America, and we should all vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ), a real leader on our committee and chairman of the Financial Institution and Con-sumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I am very proud to stand with Chair-man H
ENSARLING today and offer my support for H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. This bill offers a responsible ap-proach to financial regulation that will protect consumers and allow the Amer-ican economy to flourish. The Finan-cial CHOICE Act makes meaningful re-forms that ensure transparency, re-store a rule of law, and help consumers and small businesses gain access to the credit they need to move forward to-wards financial independence, be the entrepreneurs they are, and be able to realize their dreams. Mr. Chairman, we lose one commu-nity bank or credit union a day, as the chairman just mentioned, every day. These are the institutions that lend to families and small businesses across America. These institutions are the backbone of each of our communities and something that must be done to re-verse this dangerous trend of consoli-dation and closure. There has been a considerable amount of discussion on both sides of the aisle on the need to help commu-nity financial institutions. The legisla-tion we will consider today provides every Member of Congress the oppor-tunity to cast a vote in favor of respon-sible regulatory relief for credit unions and community banks across the Na-tion. The Financial CHOICE Act will in-crease access to credit for consumers by easing rules and regulations that never should have been applied to smaller financial institutions in the first place. H.R. 10 also makes important re-forms to the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau, an unaccountable agency that embodies the Washington- knows-best mentality that the Nation is so tired of seeing and, instead, cre-ates a more responsible framework that actually protects consumers in-stead of special interests. The Financial CHOICE Act offers a new model for financial opportunity and responsible regulation. It is time to take steps to remove the boot from the neck of our Nation’s lenders and their customers. Former Fed Chairman Alan Green-span has said about the bill that it would have a tremendous stimulative effect on our economy. The Financial CHOICE Act is the right choice to help our communities grow their economies and our citizens realize their dreams. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING for his unwavering leader-ship and urge my colleagues to support H.R. 10. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Michigan (Mr. K
ILDEE ), the vice ranking member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. I understand the President of the United States himself has no real un-derstanding of American history, but that is no excuse for this body for ig-noring even the recent history of this country and returning us to the condi-tions, to the regulatory environment that not only preceded but contributed to cause the worst financial crisis that I have experienced in my lifetime, the Great Recession. b1300 Millions of people lost their homes. Millions of people lost their job and lost everything they worked for be-cause they were completely unpro-tected against institutions and organi-zations that were predators against them. This proposed legislation would take away those very protections and return us to a time when institutions and organizations can use unfair and deceptive practices, and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau under this legislation would be barred—would be barred—from going to bat for those people being taken advantage of. This makes no sense. We ought to re-ject it, and I urge my colleagues to join me in doing so. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.027 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4719 June 8, 2017 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. C
HABOT ), the chairman of our Small Business Committee. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong sup-port of H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act, and I want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leadership on this important issue. For the last 7 years, Dodd-Frank has blocked small businesses from getting the capital they need to grow and cre-ate more jobs. As chairman of the Small Business Committee, it is no surprise that small businesses from all across the country tell me over and over again that this blocking of capital to them by Dodd-Frank is preventing them from creating more jobs which are needed in this country. Whether to pay employees or to buy new equipment, we need to make it easier for small-business owners to gain access to capital. H.R. 10 is chock- full of real reforms, including the Help-ing Angels Lead Our Startups, or HALOS, Act to encourage and inspire entrepreneurs across the country. The Nation’s 29 million small busi-nesses are working hard to achieve the American Dream. Let’s not let our own government continue to stand in their way. Support this legislation. It is very important. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ ), who is the ranking mem-ber of the Small Business Committee. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the ranking member, M
AXINE WATERS . Here they come again, Mr. Chairman. My colleagues seem to suffer from a case of policymaking amnesia. I was here in 2008 as our Nation stood on the edge of financial ruin. I will never for-get those dark days. Thanks to Wall Street making reck-less bets and inadequate government oversight, millions of Americans lost their homes and jobs. Tell them about market discipline back in 2008. Main Street small businesses shed employ-ees, and many shut their doors for good. Our economy nearly slid into an-other Depression. Now, my Republican colleagues may have forgotten that sequence of events, but let me tell you something: The American people have not forgotten. Dodd-Frank has improved account-ability in the financial system. It has protected consumers and investors from predatory practices. It stabilizes our markets. And yet here we are talk-ing about gutting this landmark law. The American people are watching. Let’s be clear. If you vote ‘‘yes,’’ you are voting to restore the same condi-tions that fueled the crisis and collapse of 2008. It is a vote you will regret—and be remembered for. Vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), who is a leader on our Capital Markets, Securi-ties, and Investments Subcommittee. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, the economic downturn in 2008 caused Michiganders and folks around the country to lose their jobs, families to lose their savings, and even some to lose their homes. Since that time, folks on the other side of the aisle have been attempting to convince the American people that the Dodd-Frank Act is ‘‘the answer’’ to the financial crisis, despite the law failing to actually address the root cause of the downturn. In reality, Dodd-Frank has made it more difficult for hardworking taxpayers to secure a future for themselves and their chil-dren by denying them the economic re-covery that they deserve. Hardworking Americans rely on cap-ital markets to save for everything from college to retirement. We as Con-gress must act to eliminate the burden-some and unnecessary red tape created under Dodd-Frank to ensure U.S. cap-ital markets remain the most effective in the world so that all investors can receive the greatest return on their in-vestments. Since Dodd-Frank, our capital mar-kets have become less stable, less effi-cient, and less liquid, which has made it more difficult for small businesses and American job creators around the country to access the necessary finan-cial resources in order to expand and create jobs. In fact, Dodd-Frank has severed access to the capital markets for Main Street businesses and entre-preneurs who are the heartbeat of the American economy. In order to succeed, small and grow-ing companies need capital and cred-it—the lifeblood for growth, expansion, and job creation. Yet the government has continued to construct arbitrary walls that cut them off from essential financing as smaller companies are caught in a sea of red tape created by Washington bureaucrats. Enough is enough. In order to in-crease economic opportunity, we must enact commonsense regulatory reform and restore accountability to Wall Street and to Washington. The House Financial Services Committee achieves this goal through the carefully crafted CHOICE Act, which we are debating here today. The Financial CHOICE Act elimi-nates Dodd-Frank’s one-size-fits-all regulatory structure which has stran-gled community financial institutions with overly burdensome regulations that were meant for the largest banks here in America. The CHAIR. The time of the gen-tleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from Michigan an additional 30 seconds. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, by enacting the CHOICE Act, community banks and credit unions can utilize their resources to help their individual customers and small businesses achieve financial independence. If we want small businesses to continue to be the engine of economic growth, we must remove the regulatory red tape that is preventing community lenders from supporting these small business job creators. We hold Wall Street accountable. We hold the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau accountable, and we make it more effective to do its job. No gov-ernment agency should be unaccount-able to the American taxpayer. Dodd-Frank was a larger social agen-da waiting for a crisis, and I under-stand that from my friends on the other side; but today, small businesses and hardworking Americans continue to pay the price. The Financial CHOICE Act enacts progrowth reforms, restores account-ability, and provides opportunity. I en-courage a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ), who is the ranking member of the Sub-committee on Oversight and Investiga-tions. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the ranking member. Mr. Chairman, this bill is a setback because it allows the American public to be subject to rip-offs. It allows you to be ripped off when you get your auto loan. Without your knowing it, it will allow you to pay a higher amount than you should be paying. It allows you to, without your con-sent, have the money that you place in the bank be taken away from your ac-count, moved over to another place, and used to gamble; if they win, they keep the profits—all done without your consent. It allows, without your knowledge, the person that you are working with to invest your pension and to put his interests ahead of your interests. This is a rip-off bill. We should not support it. The American consumers are placed at risk. This is the time to stand. We must say ‘‘no’’ to H.R. 10. It is, indeed, the wrong choice. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), who is a fighter on our committee. She is the chair of the Oversight and Investiga-tions Subcommittee. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Chairman, I am proud to stand before you today to speak on H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act. I would like to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and all my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee for their hard work on this legislation, including holding 145 hearings on Dodd- Frank and the CHOICE Act. For nearly 10 years following the fi-nancial crisis, our country witnessed one of the weakest recoveries of our lifetimes as Dodd-Frank held small businesses and families hostage and prevented our economy from growing. Now it is harder for families to qualify for a mortgage, obtain an auto loan, and access other forms of credit that they depend on every single day. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.029 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4720 June 8, 2017 
The only beneficiaries from Dodd- Frank have been Washington bureau-crats, who have grown more powerful; and big banks have only grown bigger at the expense of your personal free-doms and your freedom to make your own financial decisions. Dodd-Frank has failed the American people. Instead, the CHOICE Act, which stands for creating hope and oppor-tunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs, represents a better way from this Republican Congress that will provide Americans with the finan-cial opportunities that they deserve. The CHOICE Act is about helping Main Street, not Wall Street, and will in-crease lending in our communities, open up our economy, end taxpayer- funded bank bailouts, and hold Wall Street and Washington accountable. It will allow us to impose the tough-est penalties on Wall Street executives who engage in fraud, deception, and self-dealing. Unlike before, executives who commit financial crimes will be held accountable, rather than innocent taxpayers and shareholders. Americans deserve relief from the regulatory burden and lack of financial options that Dodd-Frank has created. Americans deserve the ‘‘Right’’ CHOICE Act. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 10. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. M
OORE ), who is the ranking member of the Monetary Policy and Trade Sub-committee. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. This is a bad bill, and I suspect that Republicans are pushing it through with only one hearing because they want to push it past the beleaguered public who lost trillions of dollars of wealth and home value during the last recession. Republicans’ rubric about freedom and community banks is not fooling anyone. This legislation unleashes every bloodthirsty and greedy Wall Street superpredator back into the American people to feast on our misery like they did pre-Dodd-Frank. In con-trast, you will actually hear the GOP blame predatory borrowers and say that they caused the crisis—like blam-ing hungry children for famines. If this bill passes with the mere 10 percent capital requirements, the fi-nancial system will become brittle, prone to systemic crisis and taxpayer bailouts—a system that is less fair and rife with fraud. Didn’t we learn our lesson in 2008? 2008 taught us that we cannot have sus-tainable economic growth absent good regulation. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to reject this bad bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR), who is the chair-man of the Monetary Policy and Trade Subcommittee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, the Dodd- Frank Act is a failure, period. It is es-timated to reduce economic output by nearly $1 trillion over the next 10 years, and it contains more regulatory restrictions than all of the other regu-lations enacted by the previous admin-istration combined, including ObamaCare. The Financial CHOICE Act provides an off-ramp—much-needed relief—to Dodd-Frank’s growth-crushing regula-tions. Financial institutions like com-munity banks and credit unions will have the choice to stay under the Dodd-Frank regulatory regime or opt for the relief that they are willing to obtain if they meet a 10 percent simple leverage ratio, a level that ensures that they can weather economic down-turns without the help of taxpayer bailouts. This legislation also reins in the pri-mary culprit of the regulatory on-slaught that has caused one in five community financial institutions in my State of Kentucky to close: the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. This is done by giving Congress the power of the purse over the Bureau for the first time, making its Director removable by the President, requiring it to conduct cost-benefit analysis, and enhancing its mission to focus on con-sumer protection through competition and choice. This legislation also delivers impor-tant regulatory relief to community fi-nancial institutions, incorporating the TAILOR Act, which requires Federal regulators to tailor their regulations based on the size of financial institu-tions instead of using the typical one- size-fits-all Washington model. Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act ends stifling Dodd-Frank regula-tions that constrain lending for manu-factured homes by including the Pre-serving Access to Manufactured Hous-ing Act. It also further reduces the chances of a mortgage crisis by giving financial firms an incentive to retain 100 percent of a mortgage’s risk and greater flexibility to lend by including my Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Act. Finally, this legislation places the steepest penalties in history on finan-cial firms that actually break our laws. So it ends too big to fail, it includes tough penalties—the toughest pen-alties in history—for financial fraud and other misdeeds, but it preserves consumer protections through competi-tion, choice, and access to the credit Americans need to build our economy. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING for his leader-ship on this issue. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I have just got to stop some of this misrepresentation. Exempt from CFPB’s supervision and enforcement, Wall Street reform—that is Dodd-Frank—recognizes community banks and credit unions have a small number of employees and a better con-sumer protection track record; thus, they are carved out from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s super-vision. b1315 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s supervision and enforcement focuses on the largest banks that they won’t talk about here today and non- banks that compete with small banks and credit unions. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. MEEKS ), a senior member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. MEEKS. Mr. Chair, how soon do we forget? The bill before us today is an affront to the American people. This bill is fa-tally flawed. It would set America up for more severe financial crises in the future. It is plain and simply the wrong choice. Let me give you one example. Under the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, many banks would be free from regulatory over-sight if they merely maintain a 10 per-cent leverage ratio. Let’s break that down for the Amer-ican people. If this bill was law in 2008, one-third of the banks that eventually failed would be free from regulatory oversight altogether. To be clear, 125 banks that failed during the crisis would meet the bill’s low requirement for regulatory relief, not according to me, but to an independent clearing-house analysis. You don’t have to be a financier to realize that this proposal is dangerous and an insult to American families who lost nearly everything. I am talking about those families in rural and urban America who saw their household net worth drop $10 million, the largest loss of wealth in the history of the United States of America. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. M
CCARTHY ), a gen-tleman on leave from the Financial Services Committee and one we proud-ly call our own. Mr. M
CCARTHY. I thank the gen-tleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I first want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING and the entire Financial Services Committee for the work they have done on this bill. They have listened to Members and they have listened to constituents through-out this country. They studied the issue and they found the very best pol-icy. We all know we need economic growth, but we also know that growth means little if wages will not rise, if jobs do not return, and if more busi-nesses close than open. If a rising tide lifts all boats, we need to make sure every American is in the boat. Repealing Dodd-Frank with the Financial CHOICE Act lifts people back in so they can participate in America’s economy. It will reestablish the severed ties that link communities to the money they need to start busi-nesses and hire employees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.030 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4721 June 8, 2017 
Bringing back the community banks that Dodd-Frank destroyed means that more people, not just the wealthy, will have access to credit. But if we want everyone to be part of the American economy, we don’t want people to face the same risks they did before. We want people to be treated fairly. In 2008, people lost everything. Aided by misguided Washington policies, some played fast and loose and put al-most everyone else at risk. So it is only natural that people looked around and asked: Why do we have a system where, when things go wrong, banks need to get bailouts, but the American people get nothing? It is not a fair system. Dodd-Frank made it worse. It actually codified bail-outs into law and made a taxpayer slush fund. On top of all that, we all know the regulations it created were just ridiculous. Why is it that the rich and powerful get to game the complicated rules pro-duced by their friends in the bureauc-racy while everyone else faces a moun-tain of paperwork and regulations that no human being has a chance of under-standing? We all know that is not fair. All this ends up boxing out small-business own-ers and normal Americans who can’t hire lawyers to sift through it all. The Financial CHOICE Act levels the playing field. It makes both Wall Street and Washington accountable so that their bad decisions don’t cost the taxpayers money. It makes things sim-ple so that you don’t need an Ivy League law degree to understand the rules that govern our lives. America is a nation for the people. Everyone has a shot. Everyone should be treated the same. Everyone has a chance to succeed. The Financial CHOICE Act brings us a little closer to that America one more time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. D
AVID S
COTT), one of our senior members of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I love this country. The heart and soul of our country is our fi-nancial system. This bill is a dangerous bill to our economy. Let me tell you why. First of all, it takes away all of our consumer protections. I want to give you an ex-ample. Before we had Dodd-Frank, a bank that is insured by the taxpayers could go in and use their customer’s money. They could take their customer’s money out to invest in risky bets, and then when the bets go south, it is the taxpayers that have to pick up the freight. Secondly, let us use this example. Be-cause of the impact and the complex-ities of our financial system, so much of the cause and effect of the downturn were the big banks. What Dodd-Frank did was provide a test to be able to go in and simulate and confer with the bank to prevent it from going over-board. Wake up, America. I have talked with our Senators and they have as-sured me that this bill is dead on ar-rival in the Senate. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), who is the chairman of the Terrorism and Illicit Finance Subcommittee. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, credit is one of the most powerful devices of our fi-nancial system. It was designed over time by modern societies. In some countries, credit is simply not avail-able to those who need it the most: people at the bottom of the ladder. In the United States, we have got a well-developed system where credit is available no matter how bad their cred-it rating might be. That is, it was available until the Dodd-Frank regula-tion created the CFPB. In the Second District of New Mex-ico, 50 percent of the homes are mobile homes or manufactured housing. Dodd- Frank immediately began to show that they had no clue about how rural soci-eties worked, and put into place regu-lations that choked off the access of most of our homeowners to manufac-tured housing. That wasn’t enough for the CFPB. They began then to set forward quali-fied mortgages, which then choked off traditional mortgages to many people in the Second District of New Mexico. Many people in New Mexico will buy their first mobile home and they will live in that. Then, over their life, they will buy 8 or 10 more. Then they sell those one at a time, usually to people who can’t get credit any other way. The CFPB simply shut that down. Now, seniors with less income, but people who need the loans the most, have one more source of credit dried up to them. The rules that affect the rural mort-gages and small businesses were so pu-nitive that the economy in New Mexico has never come back. It is not just that the Financial CHOICE Act is the right choice in the rural areas, in our areas; it is the only choice. I support H.R. 10, and I ask my col-leagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. S
COTT), the ranking member of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Chair-man, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I rise in opposition to the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. In addition to what else is wrong with the bill, there are two significant problems with it impacting the jurisdiction of the Education and the Workforce Committee, where I serve as the ranking Democratic mem-ber. First, the bill essentially eliminates the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. The Bureau has played a crucial role in making sure student loan bor-rowers are treated fairly and receive the protections that they deserve. It has shut down fraudulent student loan debt relief scams, resolved countless consumer complaints, and secured hun-dreds of millions of dollars in loan for-giveness for borrowers tricked into taking out costly private loans. The bill also repeals the Department of Labor’s fiduciary rule, which simply ensures that financial advisers put their retirement clients’ interests first. Workers getting ready to retire often seek assistance in making what would be the biggest financial decision in their life. Let’s be clear: many of these just set aside a few hundred dollars a month throughout their career, and now have hundreds of thousands of dol-lars to invest. They are counting on their financial adviser to do right by them and their families. This rule sim-ply says that they have to do right for the families and the workers, not what may generate the highest fees. Mr. Chairman, this bill undermines key policy priorities impacting student loans and retirement savings. We should stand up for students and retir-ees and reject this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of the Housing and Insurance Sub-committee. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Chairman, this de-bate oftentimes can become confusing because banking law is confusing. We hear both sides take different po-sitions on the Financial CHOICE Act and on Dodd-Frank, but I think the way you cut to the fat about whether Dodd-Frank was great law and does the Financial CHOICE Act actually make this law way better, I think we have to look at a couple simple factors. Big banks brought us to the crisis in 2008. The question for my friends across the aisle and people watching this de-bate is: Because of Dodd-Frank, have big banks gotten smaller or have big banks gotten bigger? The answer is: Big banks have gotten bigger. If you go to rural Wisconsin, small community banks and credit unions that help grow businesses and help pro-vide to capital to our families are going out of business. Big Wall Street banks don’t set up shop in rural Wis-consin. So the little guy is getting hurt and the big guys are doing really well. You have got to ask yourself: Who supports the Financial CHOICE Act? You have the NFIB protecting small businesses, the Independent Commu-nity Bankers of America, the National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions, and the Credit Union National Association. Credit unions and small banks support this bill. Who doesn’t support this bill? Well, if you look to The Washington Post: H
ENSARLING , our chairman, faces opposition from big-bank CEOs that like Dodd-Frank. They hate the Finan-cial CHOICE Act. Another quote from The Wall Street Journal: ‘‘Big banks have an unex-pected message for President-elect Trump: Don’t trash the Dodd-Frank Act.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.032 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4722 June 8, 2017 
Big banks hate this bill, and little banks and little credit unions love it. If you want to know where people stand on this, go to your small community banker, go to your credit union, ask them about Dodd-Frank, and they will give you an earful. Then ask them: Do you like the Financial CHOICE Act? They will sit back and give you a small, slow clap. Let’s do what is right for the Amer-ican people and the small banks and small credit unions. Let’s join to-gether, pass H.R. 10, and give a win to the little guy. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, the gentleman asked: Who does not support this bill? Let me tell him: advocates, experts, civil rights groups, labor groups, vet-erans groups, pension plans, and com-pany shareholders. We also received a petition urging a ‘‘no’’ vote from more than 220,000 con-cerned Americans. Let me just say that AARP hates this bill. That is who opposes this bill. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. S
HER-
MAN), a senior member of the com-mittee on Financial Services. b1330 Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Chairman, this bill contains 12 measures that have wide Democratic support. Unfortu-nately, they have been held hostage and added to a bill that contains a pharmacy of poison pills. The gentleman from New Mexico points out that we need to do some-thing with manufactured housing. I support that bill. Liberate that bill. Don’t put it in a bill that is going to die in the Senate. The gentleman from Wisconsin talks about too big to fail. Please cosponsor the Sanders-Sherman bill to break up the too big to fail rather than this bill that lets them stay too big and takes away the regulation. I look forward to working in a bipar-tisan way to support the Financial Ac-counting Foundation’s efforts to have independently funded standards for government-issued debt. This bill takes that away. I look forward to working in a bipar-tisan way to have different and lesser standards for community financial in-stitutions like credit unions and local banks. Instead, this highly partisan bill takes us down the wrong highway. It is a highway to a bill that will go no-where in the Senate, and then we will resume our efforts to improve financial regulation in this country. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ). Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Chairman, I es-pecially want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and the entire committee for all their hard work in getting us to this point to be able to pass H.R. 10, the Fi-nancial CHOICE Act, a very important bill to reform significant parts of Dodd-Frank that are failing. The Fi-nancial CHOICE Act is an important recognition of the many mistakes that policymakers made leading up to and responding to the financial crisis. There is no doubt that the American people demanded changes from Wash-ington when the financial crash led to higher unemployment, huge drops in home values, and lost hope and oppor-tunities; but instead of reforms that would increase competition and de-crease systemic risk, the Dodd-Frank Act grew government and piled new regulations on community banks and credit units and enshrined too big to fail into law. Forty-two community banks and 106 Illinois credit unions have closed their doors since Dodd-Frank was signed in 2007. This is unacceptable. I am grateful that regulatory relief legislation that I have championed is included in the Financial CHOICE Act, things like the Community Bank Re-porting Relief Act and many other pro-visions that will provide great relief to our local financial institutions. That is what the Financial CHOICE Act is all about: giving opportunities back to local communities to make good finan-cial decisions for their future. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, continuing to remind Mr. Duffy who opposes this bill, the Veterans of Foreign Wars of the United States of America opposes this bill. I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distin-guished Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this legislation, which I know does not surprise the chairman. I have been here for some time. I was here in the 1990s. I was here in the 2000s. Frankly, we took the referee off the field in the 2000s, and we didn’t put the referee as toughly on the field in the late 1990s as we should have. Brooksley Born warned us about that, and we kept our eyes shut, and keeping our eyes shut cost millions and mil-lions and millions of people their jobs, their homes, and their security. Let us not return to the time of tak-ing the referee off the field. This bill does that. It is a dangerous piece of legislation. The bill which my Repub-lican colleagues have put forward would put the American people at risk once again of having to bail out insti-tutions if they lose money on risky in-vestments. Let me say to my Republican friends: I share their view that community banks should not be treated as too-big- to-fail banks. However, having said that, this bill takes the referee off the field one more time. It would effec-tively eliminate the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau that is now the American people’s watchdog. We have spent a lot of time this year in the last 5 months passing bills under the Congressional Review Act that have reduced consumer protections, civil rights protections, teacher protec-tions, environmental protections. All we are doing is spending our time tak-ing away protections for the American people and their futures. Have we learned nothing, Mr. Chair-man? Those who fail to learn from his-tory, it is often said, are doomed to re-peat it. Let us not doom our citizens to repeat it. Let us not fail to learn the lessons of 2008. Let us not doom our-selves to repeating the mistakes of the past. The American people, average inves-tors, and retirees, along with those who use our markets to save for college and purchase a home, deserve, and now have, commonsense protections. Nobody is seeking to punish or limit what financial firms do well, and that is create and raise capital, but we must ensure that there are referees on the field to protect investors and taxpayers and citizens and, yes, our families and our children. This bill does the oppo-site. I urge my colleagues to reject it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say that perhaps the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia is unaware that the VFW has tweeted that it lauds Representative HENSARLING for a commitment to pro-tect veterans, and then: 
We are so happy that the Financial CHOICE Act has been endorsed by over 100 groups, including the Concerned Veterans for America, because of what we do to protect their freedoms. 
At this point, I am very happy to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. R
OSS), a proud member of our committee. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the Financial CHOICE Act, a bill that will provide the much-needed relief from the harm-ful, complex, and excessive regulatory environment created by the Dodd- Frank Act. In the 7 years since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act, our Nation has suffered from anemic economic growth, increasingly limited financial choices for consumers, and an unprecedented level of job-killing regulations. All the while, big banks have grown larger, and small banks and credit unions have suffered. In fact, community banks are closing at the rate of one per day. Many of my constituents in small and rural towns in the Tampa Bay area rely heavily on their community banks for financial services. When those banks are forced to close their doors or raise their fees due to excessive regula-tion, my constituents lose access to es-sential services and opportunities. Simply put, Dodd-Frank has failed. The Financial CHOICE Act rep-resents an alternative and effective ap-proach to financial regulation, which will protect taxpayers and bank bail-outs, empower investors, and hold gov-ernment bureaucracies accountable. This legislation makes it easier for hardworking Americans to save and in-vest for retirement, college, and their future. It will also increase access to and reduce the cost of credit for fami-lies that want to purchase a home or start a business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.033 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4723 June 8, 2017 
I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting passage of this bill and helping Washington get off the backs of hardworking taxpayers. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C
APUANO ), a senior member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Chairman, you know, I was going to talk about lever-aged buyouts, and I was going to talk about CDOs and CDO squared and Volcker rules and all those other things, but the truth is that is not what this is about. It is not about the details of the bill. It is about the con-cept. It is about Main Street versus Wall Street. Now, I am not opposed to Wall Street, but if you make me make a choice, I am with Main Street. And I know that the radicals are against this bill, the radicals like the VFW, and I will just read what they said. 
If enacted, the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 would put those who have taken an oath to defend this country and our way of life in financial harm’s way. 
In light of this and on behalf of the nearly 1.7 million members of the VFW and its auxiliary, I call on you to op-pose H.R. 10. The other radical group that opposes this bill is the AARP, representing 38 million Americans; and the Commu-nications Workers of America, with 700,000 members; and the Brotherhood of Teamsters, representing, I think, 900,000; and, of course, the California Teachers Association, which represents 900,000 people, who also invest $202 bil-lion in our country. All that being said, I am shocked that I am sitting here thinking that the Dodd-Frank Act is some kind of a failure. Bottom line is we put an end to the Wild West of Wall Street and we are on to a nice, steady playing field. We should be able to adjust it, but we should not throw it out. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, apparently the gentleman forgot that the big Wall Street banks also oppose this, according to the Wall Street Jour-nal, Washington Post, and New York Times. And I am now very happy to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ). Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Chairman, I am here to support the Financial CHOICE Act, and for good reasons. Under Dodd-Frank, North Carolina has lost 50 percent of our banks since 2010, while three community banks have consolidated just in the last month. Monthly banking fees have in-creased 111 percent. As well, Dodd-Frank created the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau, which even the liberal D.C. Court of Appeals calls unconstitutional and a threat to individual liberty. Dodd-Frank has made the Wall Street banks even bigger and more powerful; and Dodd-Frank has contrib-uted to the slowest, weakest economic recovery in 70 years, impeding access to capital and credit in the market for small business. Maintaining the status quo is not ac-ceptable. The Financial CHOICE Act will im-pose the toughest penalties in history for fraud on Wall Street. It will end taxpayer bailouts for Wall Street and allow your community banks and cred-it unions to focus on serving you and your local business, which will help create jobs and grow the economy. The Financial CHOICE Act means oppor-tunity for all Americans and bailouts for none. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, continuing to answer Mr. DUFFY about who opposes this bill, the Fleet Reserve Association, which includes the Navy, the Marine Corps, and the Coast Guard. With that, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. L
YNCH ), a senior member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. LYNCH. Mr. Chairman, I have to say that this is the single worst piece of legislation that I have seen in my time here in Congress, and I have been here awhile. So I have to congratulate the gentleman from Texas for putting this amalgamation of terrible ideas to-gether. This bill basically destroys the work that we did to try to secure the banks after the financial crisis of 2008. It harms consumers, it lets off bad actors, it hamstrings our financial regulators, and I believe it will lead to the next fi-nancial crisis. This bill will destroy the only con-sumer protection agency in the United States Government by handing over the ability to defund the operation to the people who were committed to op-posing its very creation. It also repeals the Department of La-bor’s fiduciary rule that simply re-quires that financial advisers put the interests of its clients first rather than its own. And finally, it is important to em-phasize that the Financial CHOICE Act rolls back the accountability and re-porting standards for credit rating agencies, as Gretchen Morgenson dis-cussed in a New York Times ‘‘Fair Game’’ column on May 7. Mr. Chairman, to sum up, this is an awful bill. This is a real stinker. I hope that my colleagues here vote against it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, today is a good day. It is yet another day where we turn the page on the antigrowth policies of the last 8 years that have given us the slowest eco-nomic recovery in 70 years. I urge my colleagues to vote against the stagnant status quo with a vote for the Finan-cial CHOICE Act. With all the debate we are hearing, understand this: The heart of this bill is about right regulation, account-ability, and growth, restoring healthy, robust growth that will create jobs, lift wages, and, through the creation of new taxpayers, will increase revenues to the Federal Treasury that will help pay for critical programs like Social Security, Medicare, veterans benefits, and national defense. We have a moral obligation to re-store healthy economic growth. The opponents of this bill, the status quo defenders, are seemingly okay with slow growth and fewer opportunities. Mr. Chairman, take a stand for stronger growth. Take a stand for young people who want more job oppor-tunities. Take a stand for young fami-lies who want a new home. Take a stand for seniors and veterans who rely on programs funded through a growing, healthy economy. Take a stand for a better way. Take a stand for a brighter future. Vote for H.R. 10. Vote for the Financial CHOICE Act. b1345 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. DELANEY ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding me time. Mr. Chairman, during the financial crisis, 19 of the 20 largest financial in-stitutions in the United States either required a bailout or a significant in-vestment by the taxpayers. Clearly, re-form was needed, and Dodd-Frank was that reform. Since Dodd-Frank was put in place, consumer protections have improved materially, the banking system is safer and more sound, and our banks and our markets have far outpaced their inter-national competitors. Dodd-Frank is working. Is it a perfect piece of legislation? Of course not. Anytime Congress does something large and transforms an en-tire industry, we should sign up as a body for 10 years of fixes, which is what we have not done, and we have let the American people down. Are we fixing Dodd-Frank today? No. We are pursuing a misguided and time- consuming and wasteful repeal effort. I urge my colleagues to reject the CHOICE Act, and I urge my Republican colleagues to work with Democrats on bipartisan reforms to Dodd-Frank that build on its strength and solve and im-prove weaknesses in the legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. L
ANCE ). Mr. LANCE. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of the Financial CHOICE Act. In response to the Great Reces-sion, Congress passed the Dodd-Frank law. While well intentioned, various Dodd-Frank provisions and regulations are actually encouraging some of the behavior that led to the financial cri-sis. The law permits Wall Street to re-ceive bailouts and has constricted cred-it lending for consumers and small 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.035 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4724 June 8, 2017 
businesses. It has drastically hurt com-munity banks throughout this country, and they had absolutely nothing to do with the financial crisis. Two thousand community banks have closed nation-wide since Dodd-Frank, including 42 in New Jersey. Dodd-Frank has institutionalized too big to fail for Wall Street, while telling community banks on Main Street that they are too small to succeed. Congress agrees on the need for strong regulation of our financial sys-tem. The Financial CHOICE Act will bring balanced reform to our Nation’s financial institutions. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gen-tlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. B
EATTY ), a member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for yielding me time. I stand here and I join my colleagues in opposition to the Financial CHOICE Act. It is the wrong act. And let me just say this to you: Certainly, it does not provide choice nor does it create hope and opportunity for investors and for consumers and for entrepreneurs. I am from the great State of Ohio, and you may have a sign that says peo-ple are for it; I have letters from ProgressOhio; I have letters from Pol-icy Matters Ohio; I also have a letter here from the National Consumer Law Center, Advancing Fairness In The Marketplace For All. Let me just tell you what they are saying. They are saying that it is breathtaking—the as-sault on hardworking Americans, the assault on businesses that want to level the playing field to improve the economy. Mr. Chair, this is ridiculous that we stand here. If it was such a good choice, we would have had more meet-ings on it. If it was such a good choice for hardworking Americans, then we would have worked with Republicans and Democrats to make it a fair choice, to make it a right choice. But I stand here today and tell you it is the wrong choice for consumers. It is the wrong choice because it eviscerates the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau. It is against the people, and it is not for hardworking Americans. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indi-ana (Mr. M
ESSER ), a member of our committee and chairman of the Repub-lican Policy Committee. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Chairman, despite the rhetoric and whatever its inten-tions, since Dodd-Frank’s passage, big bank profits are shattering records, and home ownership is down, way down, to the lowest level seen in over 20 years. Car loans and small-business loans are much harder to get, too. Sim-ply put, Dodd-Frank has been great for Federal regulators and even big banks but very bad for Hoosier consumers. The Financial CHOICE Act changes that. It ends too big to fail and enables Hoosier financial institutions to escape the one-size-fits-all regulatory regime of Dodd-Frank. That will help hard-working Hoosiers get more affordable loans. The Financial CHOICE Act also in-cludes my bill, the RIGHTS at the CFPB Act, which ensures that anyone pursued by this Federal agency will have their rights protected and get their day in court. I urge support of the Financial CHOICE Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chair, we have already debunked what we have been told by the opposi-tion about the oversight, CFPB’s su-pervision and enforcement. Of course, we have told you about that. Let’s take a moment to tell you that community banks have showed strength in residen-tial, commercial, industrial loans, and small-business lending. In fact, overall loan growth at community banks has been faster than at bigger banks. In the fourth quarter of 2016, lending was up 8.3 percent for community banks and 4.8 percent for larger banks. Mr. Chair, with that, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS for yielding me time and for her leadership on this. Nine years ago, I was there, in 2008, when our financial system collapsed, as a new Member of Congress, the sole sci-entist on the Financial Services Com-mittee. And as we surveyed the wreck-age of our economy, I wondered how we ever could have gotten into a place like that with our financial system clogged with toxic assets based on trillions of dollars of mortgages that never had any realistic chance of being repaid by their homeowners. We saw giant banks and trading firms leveraged beyond belief, huge fi-nancial corporations so complex that they had thousands of business units that even their CEOs were unaware of, and risk management software that was being ignored, if it existed at all. How could we have gotten there? But when I look at the CHOICE Act that Republicans are about to ram through on a party-line vote, I understand per-fectly how we got there. I see all the same forces of mindless deregulation and free market ideology, an over-riding mania for tax cuts for the rich, while stripping financial protection for ordinary American families; the same refusal to learn the lessons of financial history and to replace them with alter-native facts that fit their ideology. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to stand up for working families and pro-tect our economy by opposing this bill today. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colo-rado (Mr. T
IPTON ). Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Chair, I also want to thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for of-fering the legislation under consider-ation today. The Financial CHOICE Act takes the necessary steps in reforming the super-vision of our financial system that the Dodd-Frank Act failed to do. Among other provisions, this legislation re-quires financial regulatory agencies to tailor regulatory actions to fit the risk profile and business model of super-vised institutions. Not only will this ensure appropriately tailored compli-ance obligations for banks and credit unions of various risk profiles, but it saves valuable time and resources for bank examiners. As it stands now, community banks are facing an ever-increasing regu-latory burden that they can no longer shoulder. This has had a devastating impact on small banks, forcing consoli-dation or failure and stifling the cre-ation of new banks in areas that need access to credit. In December 2015, a report by the Dallas Fed highlighted this problem, noting that the regulatory environ-ment tends to be one-size-fits-all and concluding that the regulatory over-sight should match the risk level an in-stitution poses to the financial system and the economy at large. The CHOICE Act will stop the trend of increasing compliance costs and de-creasing financial services. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) for his tireless efforts on this legislation and urge my colleagues to support it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? The ACTING CHAIR (Mr. R
ODNEY  D
AVIS of Illinois). The gentlewoman from California has 21 minutes remain-ing, and the gentleman from Texas has 15 minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, since it has been asked about who opposes this bill, I wanted to make sure that we include in our in-formation to them the religious organi-zations. The Congregation of St. Jo-seph, the Seventh Generation Inter-faith Coalition for Responsible Invest-ment, the Dominican Sisters of Hous-ton, the Sisters of Mercy, the Inter-faith Center on Corporate Responsi-bility, the Christian Brothers Invest-ment Services, the National Associa-tion of Evangelicals, the American Baptist Home Mission Society, and the Mercy Investment Services all urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this terrible bill. Mr. Chairman, with that, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wash-ington (Mr. H
ECK), a senior member now—he has been there for a while—of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chair, I am voting ‘‘no’’ on the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. All of us are. Just like healthcare, this leg-islation takes the approach that the best way to proceed is with the most extreme bill possible, a bill that at-tracts no Democrats and even makes moderate Republicans deeply uncom-fortable. One reason, the Dodd-Frank Act set up an office at CFPB to protect serv-icemembers. That office, initially led by Holly Petraeus, has done great work 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.037 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4725 June 8, 2017 
in educating and fighting for service-member families. I have worked with Republicans for years to support and enhance it. This bill makes that office optional. And it specifically strips the funding for its financial counseling project. That is appalling. It hurts my constitu-ents, and, again, it makes my Repub-lican friends deeply uncomfortable. It is one of scores of provisions that make clear this isn’t a bill designed to help Americans. It is an ideological docu-ment. It hurts men and women in uni-form. And oh, by the way, millions of others. It is a terrible approach. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), my friend and neighbor. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Chair, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has cost American small businesses, American entre-preneurs, and the American taxpayers millions of dollars in regulatory costs since the inception. I actually own a business. I am a small-business owner, and I can tell you it is horrible legislation. And al-though this rouge and unaccountable agency hides behind the false pretense that its actions protect consumers, there could be nothing further from the truth. Take, for example, the ability to ex-empt small community financial insti-tutions from any rule they impose. In fact, Dodd-Frank gives them explicit authority to do so. Yet because they lack congressional oversight, because they have a director who cannot be re-moved at will, they simply do abso-lutely nothing. Mr. Chair, if my colleagues are look-ing for a reason to vote for this bill, they should look no further than the reforms that helped rein in the CFPB. Specifically, I am happy to see the committee-incorporated provision I in-troduced last Congress which would apply the REINS Act to all financial agencies, including the CFPB. Over the last 12 years, $55 billion in regulatory costs have been levied by our financial agencies, and this must end, and it must end now. Again, the Financial CHOICE Act is a win for American taxpayers. It is pure-ly a win for Americans who are sick and tired of the heavy hand of Wash-ington. Mr. Chair, I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, the Members on the op-posite side of the aisle have come here talking about what they are doing for small banks and how they are against the big banks. Let me tell you about a letter that was sent yesterday, June 7, from the American Bankers Associa-tion. They said: ‘‘We are pleased that this legislation contains provisions that ABA and our member banks have long supported.’’ Who are their members? JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, Bank of America. Wall Street loves this bad bill. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ), a senior progressive champion of the Financial Services Committee. b1400 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Since Dodd-Frank’s passage, the economy has created over 16 million jobs over 85 consecutive months. Busi-ness lending has increased 75 percent. Banks, large and small, are posting all- time record profits, community banks are outperforming larger banks, and credit unions are expanding their mem-bership. And because of the work of the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau, 29 million people have seen $12 billion back into their pocket and not into those of improper and illegal prac-ticing financial services firms. Do you want to know why we have the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act before us today? Because they want the money. Not the $12 billion that went back to the 29 million veterans and farmers and stu-dents and citizens and people who need that kind of help for their families. They want that money going back to the big financial interests. And that is the purpose of the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. It is between the many and the money, and the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act stands firmly on the side of those who would line their pockets in the top 1 percent. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. P
OLIQUIN ), a real workhorse of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I represent the most honest, hardworking families in this country, in the great State of Maine. I also represent tens of thousands of small-business owners in our State that create thousands of jobs for our families. In the State of Maine, Mr. Chairman, we know the difference between right and wrong, and it is wrong to force tax-payers to bail out huge Wall Street banks that take too much risk when it goes wrong. Now, the small community banks and credit unions that dot our landscape in Maine did not cause the most recent recession. These reforms that we are passing today in the Financial CHOICE Act re-duce unnecessary paperwork and costs that will help our small community banks and credit unions lend money to small businesses and our families so they can live better lives with more freedom and have better job opportuni-ties. Also, I am proud to say that the Fi-nancial CHOICE Act keeps in place very strong protections, Mr. Chairman, for consumers of financial services while at the same time imposing the toughest penalties ever for fraud and inside dealings for folks that partici-pate in this industry. It is no wonder, Mr. Chairman, that huge money center banks and Wall Street are not for the Financial CHOICE Act. But I am, and I encourage everybody to vote for this Financial CHOICE Act. It is a great bill for rural America. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GONZALEZ ), a new member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Chair-man, I thank Ranking Member W
ATERS  for yielding. Mr. Chairman, today I rise in opposi-tion to H.R. 10. While this bill may contain some lan-guage that I would agree with and that is helpful to our community banks, as well as some of our credit unions, it would be very harmful to our seniors and the elderly. Additionally, the Financial CHOICE Act, as written, would be dead on ar-rival in the U.S. Senate and a monu-mental waste of time for this Chamber. As a public servant, we are called to serve the citizens of our great Nation, those who raised us; those who consist-ently told us, ‘‘it is more important to have the will than to have mere abil-ity,’’ ‘‘hace mas el que quiere que el que puede;’’ those who forged a new path and a better way of life. One of the best measures of a nation is how it cares for its elderly. As a country, we made a promise to our el-derly, to protect them and ensure that they would have reliable access to re-sources, and the support they need to live a dignified life in their later years. In my book, a promise made should be a promise kept. Today, my colleagues in support of the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act seek to re-nege on this promise and leave millions of elderly Americans vulnerable to fi-nancial exploitation schemes. One in every five Americans have been vic-tims of financial abuse, accounting for a cost of over $36 billion annually. We cannot abandon our elderly when their resources and, ultimately, their inde-pendence is threatened. We must stand with them and enable the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau to continue to protect our elderly. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. L
OVE), an incredibly talented member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support for the Financial CHOICE Act, and I urge a vote for it. America’s workers, farmers, busi-nesses, households, savers, and inves-tors all deserve the flexibility and ac-cess to credit that the Financial CHOICE Act puts in place for our fi-nancial system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.038 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4726 June 8, 2017 
As a former mayor, I know that fami-lies, cities, and counties need access to credit. Whether it is a city that wants to build a library or a community park, or a family that wants to buy a house, or the farmer that needs a new tractor to plow her field, we need a fi-nancial system that is strong, innova-tive, but, most of all, accessible. Right now, under Dodd-Frank, that isn’t the case. For example, one of my constituents in Utah owns a catering business that is very successful, but the growth of her company has been stunted because she ran into red tape and delays after applying for a small business loan. That is not how things should work. Community banks, which provide the majority of small bank loans, are clos-ing at the rate of one per day. Middle- to low-income Americans are getting higher fees, less consumer service, and less access to credit than ever before. Everyone deserves a chance to realize their version of the American Dream, and the Financial CHOICE Act is a bold step toward achieving that dream. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
RIST), a new member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. CRIST. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for her strong leadership in this fight against the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. The bill before us is broken. I was Governor of Florida when the financial crisis and foreclosure crisis rolled through my State like a hurricane. Un-restrained greed on Wall Street caused a preventable disaster because at no point did anyone say: This is simply wrong. I remember 2008 and 2009: the bail-outs, the foreclosures, and the long, painful road to recovery. The financial crisis exposed a broken regulatory sys-tem, allowing Wall Street to gamble with Main Street’s future. With this bill, Members are being asked to again trust the very people who brought us to this financial crisis. Don’t put them back in charge. Do not let them do it again. Please vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the Financial Services Committee whip. Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for his leadership in guiding the Financial CHOICE Act through the Financial Services Committee and the House. Mr. Chairman, I include in the R
ECORD a letter from the Arkansas State Bank Department, and an article by the Arkansas Bankers Association entitled ‘‘Disappearing Community Banks.’’ ARKANSAS STATE  B
ANKDEPARTMENT , May 1, 2017. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, House Committee on Financial Serv-ices, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, House Committee on Finan-cial Services, Washington, DC. D
EARCHAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING  M
EMBER WATERS : I am writing in support of H.R. 10, the ‘‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017.’’ As a state bank regulator, I have seen the huge burden Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 has placed on community banks. Since the finan-cial crisis, several community banks in Ar-kansas have curtailed or discontinued lend-ing activities—particularly, residential mortgages—which has been detrimental to the consumers they serve. In addition, the number of small community banks in our state and across the country has decreased, primarily through mergers with larger banks better equipped to handle Dodd-Frank’s on-erous compliance regimen. I believe the Financial CHOICE Act will address a number of issues which will im-prove the business climate for community banks. In particular, providing broad regu-latory relief to banks with an average lever-age capital ratio of at least 10 percent will enhance our community banks ability to serve the public. With fewer financial and employee resources allocated to compliance issues, community banks will be able to in-crease lending to businesses and individuals, which will stimulate much-needed economic growth in their communities. Additionally, I strongly believe the leverage capital ratio is a better standard by which to assess a bank’s health than risk-based measures. Thank you for your work in advancing the Financial CHOICE Act. I greatly appreciate your efforts to help community banks. Sincerely, C
ANDACE A. F RANKS , Commissioner. 
[From the Arkansas Banker Association] D
ISAPPEARING COMMUNITY BANKS  (By Bill Holmes, President & CEO, Arkansas Bankers Association) In 1994 I was working for the original Twin City Bank. We were in a bank wide campaign to break a billion dollars in assets. There were 260 banks headquartered in Arkansas. Today, there are 103. If we continue to lose community banks at the same pace our small businesses, home buyers and farmers will have only a third of the bank choices they enjoyed in 1994. This is a problem for our mostly rural state. And it is not just a local problem, it is happening across the country. There are any number of reasons for this decline in community banks. For the last ten years, the reason I hear more than any other is the increasing cost of the federal regulatory burden. The costs of complying with regulations that should never have been intended for rural banks, the costs of train-ing more and more staff for compliance issues, the cost of newly required software to feed a never ending appetite for data. I will grant you that after the financial crisis some regulatory changes were nec-essary to improve financial stability. But ten years later we’ve ended up with too many regs that don’t improve our banks, but do limit our bankers’ discretion and look to drive credit decisions to a score sheet de-signed inside the beltway. Our community bankers have decades of history on their cus-tomers, and have always been a key to the economic growth in their communities. I don’t think the intent of these regulations was to limit the growth, or limit the home buyers, in our state. But the fact is it does. And, it is time to fix this. Chairman Hensarling’s The Financial CHOICE Act was recently sent to the floor for a vote. It includes multiple changes that our banking industry endorses, and we feel we need these changes to help spur the econ-omy. This legislation would ease some re-quirements on mortgages that banks hold in their own portfolios. This would let our bankers make many more loans to self-em-ployed businessmen, or entrepreneurs with unstable incomes. The Act looks to tailor the regs and requirements based on the risks and business types of each bank. We need this to continue to give our customers more diversity and more choices of where and how to bank. The U.S. economy is unique. We need a healthy and broad mix of banks to meet our customers’ needs. From international cor-porations, to the startup food truck, our bankers are involved and are integral parts of our economy. If we cannot get sensible re-form in Washington, Arkansas’s banking sec-tor will continue to shrink and become less diverse. Arkansans, and all Americans, will pay the price in terms of less lending and fewer opportunities for growth. Mr. HILL. Mr. Chairman, in this de-bate today, let’s hear what a commis-sioner of banking from Arkansas says: ‘‘I am writing in support of H.R. 10, the ‘Financial CHOICE Act of 2017.’ As a State bank regulator, I have seen the huge burden Dodd-Frank Act of 2010 has placed on community banks. Since the financial crisis, several community banks in Arkansas have curtailed or discontinued lending activities—par-ticularly, residential mortgages— which has been detrimental to the con-sumers they serve.’’ That is a compelling endorsement of this bill from a regulator, Mr. Chair-man, not from a Member of Congress. And when you look at working fami-lies in Arkansas, recently I was told about an Army National Guard mem-ber from north Little Rock, in my dis-trict, who was informed that he would not receive a home to purchase a man-ufactured home that would have been twice as large and less expensive than the 60-year-old house he was renting for his family. Or a hairstylist from Nevada County, who I received a letter from. She and her husband, a welder, were denied a loan to purchase a new home, despite having verifiable income. That is why we need to repeal, re-place, and pass the Financial CHOICE Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ), a new member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yielding me time and for her tireless work on be-half of working families in America. Mr. Chairman, the Financial CHOICE Act is nothing more than a misguided attempt to return to the days where bad actors could put the entire finan-cial system at risk. There is bipartisan support to pro-vide regulatory relief for community banks and credit unions. Just last 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.040 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4727 June 8, 2017 
week, I met with credit unions in my district, and they talked about the need for thoughtful, tailored regula-tion. Unfortunately, that kind of thoughtful reform is not what is before us today. Instead, we have a bill before us that is a fundamental attack on working families in America. This bill will make it harder to go after bad actors in the financial markets by hamstringing regulators, and would completely gut the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau. It would elimi-nate important programs that ensure that taxpayers will not be on the hook for future bailouts. And it makes our financial system a whole lot less se-cure. The district that I represent was one of the hardest hit in the entire country during the financial crisis. My con-stituents sent me here to ensure that we don’t repeat the mistakes of the past, which is exactly what this bill does. Mr. Chairman, this bill has been named the Financial CHOICE Act, and I think it is a fitting name. Each of us here today has a simple choice to make: Do we side with the working families of America? Or do we side with the big corporations and the special interests? Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), another hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding. Nearly 7 years ago, the American people were promised that the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act would end Wash-ington bailouts, protect consumers, and lead to a more prosperous econ-omy. Instead, the big banks and the influ-ence of the Federal Government have continued to get bigger while smaller, local community banks and credit unions are closing up shop and our country continues to struggle with anemic levels of economic growth. This is why the Financial CHOICE Act is so important. This legislation gives us an opportunity to return the power to the ‘‘little guy or gal’’ who wants to create a better life for them-selves and, by doing so, for all of us. It takes steps to end the failure of ex-cessive and redundant bureaucracy, and it will give our entrepreneurs the opportunity to access the startup cap-ital they need to grow and thrive once again. I am especially pleased that this bill includes provisions from my Micro Of-fering Safe Harbor Act, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Act, and the Financial Stability Oversight Council Reform Act. These three bills are important components of the Fi-nancial Services Committee’s broader intent of improving opportunity and accountability for all. I appreciate the chairman’s continued efforts to make this goal a reality. Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for all of his work. I look forward to supporting the Financial CHOICE Act, and I hope all of us will do the same. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. D
EMINGS ). Mrs. DEMINGS. Mr. Chairman, do we have a role as Congress to protect American families? In my home State of Florida, it is hard to go anywhere without meeting a family who was affected by the fore-closure crisis. Many not only lost their homes, but their life savings. Through Dodd-Frank, Congress cre-ated the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau to go after the bad actors that made tough times worse for home-owners in Florida by giving the Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau the authority to go after mortgage compa-nies for deceptive practices, threat-ening people who were behind on pay-ments and putting them into debt col-lection when they were eligible for loan modification programs. Dodd-Frank also allowed state attor-neys general to file consumer protec-tion lawsuits against bad actors on be-half of families in their States. The Financial CHOICE Act would re-peal these important consumer protec-tions and return us to a time when families were being unfairly forced into foreclosure. Mr. Chairman, we can’t go back. This is America, where we take care of our own, don’t we? If Congress doesn’t pro-tect American families, who will? I urge my colleagues to do the right thing and to reject this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. T
ROTT ), a new and very knowledgeable member of the Finan-cial Services Committee. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Chairman, one of the consequences of the financial crisis is the government had to step in with taxpayer dollars and bail out the finan-cial industry. Once Dodd-Frank was enacted, how-ever, we were told: Don’t worry. There will never be another bailout. Rest as-sured, the orderly liquidation author-ity under title II will give the FDIC all the tools it needs to resolve a failed fi-nancial institution. Indeed, title II does give the FDIC the ability to borrow from the Treas-ury all of the taxpayer dollars it needs to reorganize a failed financial institu-tion. That kind of sounds like a bailout to me. The Financial CHOICE Act truly ends the risk of taxpayer-funded bail-out. Under the Financial CHOICE Act, a failed bank will go through bank-ruptcy. Bankruptcy is a tested, trans-parent process. Judges sitting in open court instead of unelected bureaucrats sitting behind closed doors will make consistent, predictable decisions based on decades of case law. More importantly, bankruptcy puts the risk of failure on the bank’s share-holders and creditors, not the tax-payers. I urge my colleagues to support the Financial CHOICE Act, and truly put an end to the possibility of yet another taxpayer-funded bailout. b1415 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ). Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, my colleagues have already done a good job of talking in great detail about why this bill is really a festival of bad choices, of wrong choices for America, but I want to focus on one issue in particular: executive pay. This ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act actually takes away provisions that rein in irre-sponsible pay to executives, the very people who decide decisions that get us into this entire mess in the first place. Number one, this bill eliminates a rule barring incentive-based executive pay that encourages ‘‘inappropriate risks.’’ It puts the average American in danger of having to pay for another bank bailout. Giving out bonuses for putting our national financial stability at risk is flat wrong. Number two, it eliminates a require-ment for corporations to disclose how their CEO’s pay compares to the aver-age employee’s salary. This bill elimi-nates transparency. And number three, if you can believe it, this bill even abolishes a rule re-quiring companies to disclose whether executives and board directors are al-lowed to bet against their own stock. This bill takes us back to the days of Enron. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this irresponsible legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), a new member of our committee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Chairman, today we know that a major factor leading up to the worst economic crisis in our lifetime was the heavyhanded and meddlesome politics of the Federal Government. Unfortunately, the previous adminis-tration responded to that crisis not by limiting the intrusion of the Federal bureaucracy, but by increasing it. They implemented Dodd-Frank under the guise of protecting the consumer, but, in reality, this bill empowered govern-ment, created new bureaucracies, made the big banks bigger, and virtually ended the creation of new community banks. In the wake of the financial crisis, Georgia lost more banks than any other State in the Nation. Unemploy-ment skyrocketed, and hundreds of businesses went under. But instead of creating opportunities for Georgians to pick themselves up and start again, Dodd-Frank continued to suppress our economic recovery, and today, nearly a decade after the end of the recession, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.042 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4728 June 8, 2017 
there are still 47 counties in Georgia without a local community bank, and 3 counties without a single bank branch at all. The Financial CHOICE Act will re-verse these burdensome regulations and, once again, sow the seeds of pros-perity on Main Street, not just Wall Street. The bill will end bailouts of big banks by taxpayers and unleash our economic potential by opening the economy to everyone. I urge my colleagues to support the Financial CHOICE Act. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. D
OGGETT ). Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Chairman, this bill is all about obstructing effective law enforcement that challenges preda-tory payday lending, that protects military families from unjustified fore-closures, and addresses the burden of mounting student debt. Republicans give Trump new power to fire the chief cop on the beat who protects consumers against wrongful financial practices. We have seen how well that worked with Trump and the FBI. Have you learned nothing about giving Trump more power? Without the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Wells Fargo would never have been penalized for its multi-million-dollar fraud. Republicans here want to shield Wall Street, granting it free rein to run over people across America and later reward it with even more tax breaks. They tol-erate almost any wrongdoing, any crazy Trump tweet, so long as they can get more tax breaks and less consumer protection. Enough is enough. It is time to say no to this sorry bill and offer protec-tion to the people of America from fi-nancial wrongdoing. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is re-maining on either side? The Acting CHAIR (Mr. S
IMPSON ). The gentleman from Texas has 8 min-utes remaining. The gentlewoman from California has 12 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, to better balance the time, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S
CHA-
KOWSKY ). Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Senior citizens, beware of the Financial CHOICE Act. This bill repeals the best interest rule, which ensures that Americans that are saving for retirement get financial ad-vice in their best interest. Bad advice has real costs. Steven, a 69-year-old Vietnam veteran in Illinois, lost $147,000 in retirement savings when he got advice that handsomely profited his so-called investment adviser but devastated him. This bill guts the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, which prevents financial exploitation of senior citi-zens. In December, the CFPB took an ac-tion against three crooked reverse mortgage companies that deliberately failed to tell seniors that they could lose their homes. The Financial CHOICE Act is dan-gerous. It is dangerous for older Ameri-cans, it is dangerous for all Americans, and it is dangerous for our entire econ-omy. It puts us all at risk. It is the wrong choice for America, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I thank the ranking member for yield-ing. I rise today in strong opposition to the Financial CHOICE Act because it will gut the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau and roll back important protections for seniors, for students, and for hardworking families across the country. The CFPB protects Americans from unscrupulous financial practices and deceitful debt collectors. Since its cre-ation, it has assisted more than 29 mil-lion consumers, many of them seniors, with mortgages, credit cards, and debt collection. Unfortunately, seniors are especially vulnerable to financial fraud and abuse. This bill would roll back the CFPB’s ability to identify and stop un-fair and abusive debt collection and telemarketing practices; and this harmful bill would also prevent the CFPB from cracking down on preda-tory payday lenders who take advan-tage of struggling families by issuing loans at exorbitant rates. I worked as a consumer protection attorney, and I worked with too many families there who lost their homes, too many seniors who were harassed by debt collectors, too many people who were victims of predatory payday lend-ing and got into the quicksand and were not able to get out. We cannot allow this shortsighted bill to stop the good work of the CFPB. This bill is called the CHOICE Act, but it is the wrong choice, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N). Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in opposition to the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. This bill has a hidden provision that strips away over-sight for payday lenders. Payday lenders are like loan sharks, charging upwards of 400 percent inter-est on loans. It is outrageous. They prey on vulnerable, low-income bor-rowers who are already struggling to get by. That is how Yesenia from California got trapped in a cycle of debt. Her mother was diagnosed with breast can-cer and lost her job, so Yesenia had to take out a loan just to buy food. The payday lender garnished her wages and charged sky-high interest rates and fees. She ended up paying back thou-sands more than she borrowed, all be-cause she needed food for her and her mother. Let’s protect our workers and fami-lies. Let’s not take away oversight of this abusive loan industry. I urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 10. It is the wrong choice. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, at this time I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a new member of our committee. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the CHOICE Act, and I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his strong leadership. Imposing regulations meant for large, transnational firms on commu-nity banks and credit unions may make sense to bureaucrats in Wash-ington, but to hardworking families on Long Island, it means you can’t buy that first home or you can’t get that small-business loan. Today we have the opportunity to re-move the barriers to job creation and prosperity that have given us the weakest economic recovery in Amer-ican history. The CHOICE Act will end taxpayer-funded bailouts, restore ac-countability, and jumpstart innovation and job creation. I strongly support this legislation, and I urge its adoption. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. S
ARBANES ). Mr. SARBANES. Mr. Chairman, in 2008 our financial system cratered, bringing the broader world economy to its knees. Millions of Americans lost their homes; millions more lost their jobs by no fault of their own; and $13 trillion in wealth and savings was lost. We went to work fixing the glaring holes in our Nation’s financial regu-latory system. Among other things, we enacted tougher mortgage standards; we brought the derivatives market out of the shadows; we stopped the casino- like bets at our investment banks; and we created a consumer-focused protec-tion bureau. Unfortunately, what we couldn’t do was eradicate greed; and, sadly, today greed is rearing its ugly head once again. The Republican-controlled Con-gress is about to pass H.R. 10, the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, a bill that would throw away the lessons of the 2008 financial crash and unleash the de-mons that nearly took down the world economy. I urge the House to reject this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am happy to yield 1 minute to the gen-tleman from West Virginia (Mr. M
OON-
EY), another new member of our com-mittee. Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong sup-port of H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act. This critical piece of legislation rolls back onerous Obama-era regula-tions on the financial services industry 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.044 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4729 June 8, 2017 
that are strangling small businesses and hurting hardworking American taxpayers. As I held roundtables across West Virginia, I heard from small-business owners and job creators that Obama- era regulations make it harder for community banks to make loans to small businesses and first-time home buyers. The Financial CHOICE Act will re-move stifling Federal regulations from out-of-touch Washington bureaucrats and return financial decisionmaking to you, the individual consumers and to the small community banks. I know that President Trump is com-mitted to supporting the reforms in the Financial CHOICE Act, and I look for-ward to continuing to work with our President to grow our economy and bring much-needed relief to West Vir-ginia consumers and small-business owners. I want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and my colleagues on the Fi-nancial Services Committee for their leadership on this important legisla-tion. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. W
ELCH ). Mr. WELCH. Mr. Chairman, I want to say to my Republican colleagues, I have heard a lot of advocacy for the small banks. I am with you. Those folks did not cause the Depression, and we have got to give them relief. But what this bill does is essentially use the good reputation of those small lending institutions in all our commu-nities to create an opening for the bad actors that did cause this enormous re-cession, and it invites them to go back to their bad old days. The business model of our small banks is to help our folks in small com-munities. The business model of some of the Wall Street banks is to play ca-sino poker with taxpayer money, and that is what happened. We had institu-tions on Wall Street that were putting together packages of bad loans that they shorted for one investor, and then they sold them as AAA-rated, pension- worthy investments for pensions for our firefighters and teachers. That is absolutely outrageous, and we are al-lowing that to occur again. We can help the small banks, and we should help the small banks, but we shouldn’t give a free pass. Now, there is one good thing in this bill. I am glad, very glad to see that the Durbin rule continues to exist. That was a crackdown. We finally got some relief for our retailers on the transaction fees on debit cards. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I am now very happy to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), a huge fighter for freedom and a fighter against Federal price con-trols. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chairman, I draw a distinction between political costs and real costs. In no city in the country are the political costs treated as more real than Washington. But the truth is that for the other 99 percent of the country, the real costs are what count. b1430 The real costs of the Durbin amend-ment have been amply documented. Community banks have seen inter-change revenue fall 20 percent. The low-income consumer has seen his checking fees double. The small-ticket merchant has seen his interchange cost increase. For those of us who campaigned on a platform of free markets and limited government, which is most of our party, I suggest that a principle that is followed only when it costs nothing is not much of a principle at all. The principle that government shouldn’t be setting prices, ended up having a political price of its own. And for some, that was the only reality of this debate. I only wish that I could say the same for the 1 million people the Durbin amendment has driven out of the banking system. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from North Caro-lina for yielding to me and I associate myself with his remarks. The Durbin amendment has not helped consumers and, in fact, has hurt them. It has hurt small banks and credit unions. The only entities that have benefited are the retailers, who, despite their promises to Congress, have not lowered cost, and some stud-ies even show that they have increased cost. Congress should not be in the busi-ness of price fixing. Price controls will never work and will always have nega-tive consequences. I am committed to returning to free market principles that deliver real results for consumers. Mr. HENSARLING. Will the gen-tleman yield? Mr. BUDD. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I would like to thank both gentlemen for their steadfast leadership on this issue. Basic economics tell us that when gov-ernment fixes market prices, consumer welfare suffers. So it is not a surprise that researchers have found that the Durbin amendment resulted in a net loss of perhaps $25 billion for con-sumers. But in a larger sense, what we have is a legal dispute between two parties. This is an issue that belongs in the courts, not Congress, which is why we sought to repeal the Durbin amend-ment. I remain hopeful that Congress will correct this mistake, and I will work towards that goal in the future. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. One of the elements of the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act that is particularly trou-blesome to me—and there are many— has to do with the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act repealing section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. Now, people watching this debate, Mr. Chair, might find that to be just legislative talk, but it is substantively, really important. Section 953(b) was a hard-fought victory for investors, con-sumers, workers, and the general pub-lic. Mr. Chair, the law requires that publicly traded firms disclose the ratio between what they pay their CEO and what they pay their median worker. I think this is important informa-tion. A CEO of an S&P 500 company makes, on average, about $331 for every $1 a typical rank-and-file worker makes. In some companies, this ratio can reach as high as $1,000-to-$1. Inves-tors should be able to consider if a CEO provides hundreds of times more value to their employees before investing in a firm. Actually, exorbitant CEO pay, excessive CEO pay, can impact divi-dends. It can impact all kinds of deci-sions, lead to risk taking, and it is a good idea for investors and the general public to know that information. So while executives are making crit-ical decisions about the direction of their companies, quality employees en-sure those decisions are being properly implemented. This pay ratio information benefits investors by giving them valuable in-formation for ascertaining whether or not a company’s employees are being treated fairly and, therefore, able to re-tain employees; whether or not it is a stable company, and a company that values its people. The ratio helps them to decide how to cast their say-on-pay advisory votes on executive compensation. And re-search shows that the higher the CEO- to-median-worker pay ratio, the more likely the CEO is to pursue the kind of risky investments that brought the global financial crisis to bear. Institute for Policy Studies found that nearly 40 percent of the CEOs on their top 25 highest paid list over a 20- year period wound up being fired, sought a bailout, or were forced to pay fraud-related fines. Moreover, a lower ratio of CEO-to- median-worker pay, implies more in-vestment in human capital, and a longer-term outlook on the corpora-tion. According to the Center for Audit Quality’s annual investor survey, 46 percent of investors say they consider CEO compensation in their decision-making. The current culture of paying CEOs hundreds of times—and even thousands in some limited cases—more than typ-ical employees hurts working families, is detrimental to employee morale, and goes against the research which shows us what is best practice. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. K
USTOFF ), a new mem-ber of our committee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.046 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4730 June 8, 2017 
10, the Financial CHOICE Act. For 7 years now, Dodd-Frank has stalled our economic growth. While community banks and credit unions did not cause the recession, they have carried most of the burden following the crisis. These smaller financial institutions are the lifeline of local businesses, farmers, entrepreneurs, and anyone striving for true financial independ-ence. The Financial CHOICE Act will bring relief from onerous rules and reg-ulations that have hamstrung the abil-ity to loan and to borrow money. Once businesses can access more cap-ital, they will be able to grow, hire more employees, contribute more to their communities. I want to thank Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and this committee for work-ing tirelessly to bring the American people the relief that they need. Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia (Ms. L
EE). Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman for yielding and for his most diligent work on behalf of the American people, and also to our ranking member, Congresswoman M
AX-
INEWATERS . I just want to thank her for really educating this House and the public of the dangers to consumers of this horrible bill, of course, which I stand in opposition to. It really is a wrong choice for Amer-ican families. Shamefully, this bill gives Wall Street a handout while stealing from the pockets of everyday Americans. It would drag us back to the days where Wall Street and billion-aires get richer, while struggling fami-lies are left out in the cold. The bill significantly undermines both the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau and the rules it put in place to prevent predatory lending and subprime loans, particularly in com-munities of color. Families lost a gen-eration of wealth prior to Dodd-Frank and have yet been able to recover. But this bill also, I must say, puts Wall Street recklessness back in charge, and it will leave consumers out in the cold again. So it will take us back to where we were before, and we cannot go back. That is why we are asking for a ‘‘no’’ vote. It destroys protections for seniors and jeopardizes their financial safety. So I hope that Members vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. T
ENNEY ), another new member of the committee. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for this impor-tant bill. I rise today in support of H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act. As a single parent and small-business owner, I know from my own experience that the only way for hardworking Americans to achieve financial inde-pendence is by building an economy from Main Street up, not Wall Street down. The CHOICE Act not only imposes the toughest penalties in history for fi-nancial fraud on Wall Street, it saves taxpayers $30 billion. The CHOICE Act also eliminates taxpayer-funded bail-outs while providing choices for con-sumers and a real opportunity for eco-nomic growth. As an upstate New Yorker, our region suffers from economic challenges caused by excessive regulations, such as the Dodd-Frank Act, that have crushed small businesses. Yet small businesses create nearly 70 percent of the new jobs. This bill will increase ac-cess to capital for small businesses and startups—our job creators. It will in-crease job opportunities and positively benefit New York’s 22nd District. Mr. Chair, I urge all of my colleagues to vote to support our job creators and to vote for the Financial CHOICE Act. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, does it make sense that, after 8 years of a piece of regulation, Dodd-Frank, that has brought us in-creases in GDP, increases in jobs, and stability in financial markets, that we would now repeal that piece of legisla-tion to go back to a time when we saw that deregulation strategy bring us the Great Recession? It just doesn’t make any sense to take the position that what we need is more wide open, Wild West, you are on your own kind of financial rules and laws in our country. The fact is, before Dodd-Frank was passed, we had an abysmal consumer protection system. We really had seven or eight different agencies that were sort of responsible, but not really. Con-sumer protection was not a priority of the Federal Government. And as a re-sult of it, we saw a proliferation of mortgages that got people who really couldn’t handle that particular mort-gage that they got, or the products were just fraudulent, get into a situa-tion where they ended up going into foreclosure. We saw the secondary market pack-age up some of these bad mortgages. We saw rating agencies say that these were good equity products, and when these products started to fail, what we saw is that those big banks that traf-ficked in those equities get bailed out, and we saw citizens lose their homes. The fact is, going back to those bad old days is just a bad idea—to bring us back to a time when we didn’t have any consumer protection, when we didn’t have any responsibility placed on the shoulders of management, when we didn’t say that we were going to look after these rating agencies, and we didn’t say that these systemically important large institutions were going to get a little bit more scrutiny. Before the time that we did that, we saw ruin in the economy. Let me just remind the American people: we had many States with unemployment above 10 percent because of the deregu-lation, laissez-faire attitude that pre-vailed in the American financial serv-ices legal system. Those bad old days nearly ruined so many families, and they are just now starting to recover. But under Dodd- Frank, we have seen month after month of private sector job growth. We have seen economic activity increase. Fast enough for me? No. I think we need much more. But with over $170 billion in record profits from 2016, I can tell you one thing: this claim on the other side that the banks and financial services sector is being crushed simply isn’t a true statement. It is just not right. Business lending is up 75 percent since Dodd-Frank. Data from the Fed-eral Reserve shows aggregate bank lending has increased from about $1.2 trillion, in 2010, to $2 trillion in out-standing business loans. Vote ‘‘no’’ on the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. We have now had 7 years of history with Dodd-Frank, and what do we know? We know that the big banks are bigger. We know that the small banks are fewer. The gentleman cites some statistics about lending, but what he left out is, we are losing a community bank or credit union a day, and they are not dying of natural causes. They are dying of the dreaded Dodd-Frank disease. Our small businesses continue to suf-fer. It takes small banks to lend to small businesses. The job engine of America and small bank business lend-ing isn’t recovering, and it can’t re-cover, as long as Dodd-Frank is on the rolls of the Federal Register. I got to tell you, Mr. Chairman, it is time. It is time for a better way. It is time to help our struggling families. That is really what this is all about. We have had 7 years of Dodd-Frank, and yet working Americans haven’t re-ceived a pay increase. Their small busi-nesses can’t get loans. Struggling fami-lies have not seen their savings recover from the great financial panic which, oh, by the way, was brought about by government in the first place, with dumb regulation to put people into homes they couldn’t afford to keep. And let’s also remember that Dodd- Frank is actually hurting the con-sumers it claims to help. Free checking was cut in half. Credit cards, there are fewer of them. They cost 200 to 300 basis points more. Have you tried to get a mortgage lately? They are harder to come by. They cost hundreds of more dollars to close. Instead, what we have is, Washington elites now making the decision on whether or not we get to put a credit card in our wallet, whether we get to put a mortgage on our home. No, Mr. Chairman, there is a better way. It is why we must enact the Fi-nancial CHOICE Act. There will be eco-nomic growth for all, bank bailouts for none, and we will, once again, have an America that is only limited by the size of its dreams. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.047 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4731 June 8, 2017 
Mr. Chair, I encourage all to support the Financial CHOICE Act. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Chair, prior to 2010, banks lending to consumers operated with too little oversight and often exploited the lack of rules to turn a profit at any cost. We saw the dire consequences in the 2008 financial crisis. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was created to enforce laws and protect con-sumers in the marketplace. Their mission is to root out deceptive and abusive practices. And so far, the agency has returned $11.8 billion to consumers from enforcement against abusive practices from banks, lenders, and financial companies. I challenge any member of this body to go to one of their constituents and ask whether or not they would like a consumer watchdog to stand up for them against abuses from big banks, or if they’d like us to leave them to go it alone. The CFPB has already returned $11.8 bil-lion to more than 29 million consumers. That is $11.8 billion dollars that went back into the pockets of 29 million of our constituents. A vote for this legislation is a vote against those 29 million consumers who have been helped by the CFPB’s actions. In my home state of New Jersey, one resi-dent held a mortgage with Citibank, who failed to report accurately the status of a closed ac-count and incorrectly reported it as late. A complaint was submitted to the CFPB and when they intervened, the issue was resolved and the late mark removed. Stories like these are not uncommon. Deci-sions like these can impact a consumer’s credit for life and cause tremendous distress. Before the CFPB, consumers facing deceptive practices could go ignored by mega-banks and lending institutions. But when a govern-ment agency with enforcement powers gets in-volved, these banks pay attention. They can’t ignore the CFPB. When the cards are stacked against the ev-eryday consumer, the need for the CFPB is a no-brainer. The New York Times this morning reported that the President’s pick to oversee the na-tion’s largest banks, Joseph Otting, formerly ran OneWest, which has been criticized for ‘‘robo-signing’’ foreclosure documents in the wake of the financial crisis. If Mr. Otting didn’t protect consumers when he ran a mortgage lender, why would he protect them as Comp-troller of the Currency? Especially in this Administration, we need an independent consumer watchdog that can act without the influence of politics on behalf of consumers. Some would choose to erode this bulwark of protection against the big banks but it is needed now more than ever. Mr. Chair, this vote is a clear marker of who you stand with: I stand on the side of my con-stituents in urging a no vote. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Chair, In 2008, Wall Street’s criminal behavior drove the economy into the greatest financial crisis since the Great Depression, creating the grossly unbal-anced playing field that is our economy today. In response, Congress passed the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd- Frank) in 2010. While Dodd-Frank fell short on major banking reforms, I supported it because it was better than no reforms at all. I am appalled that House Republicans pushed through the Financial CHOICE Act, which would gut major provisions of Dodd- Frank and allow Wall Street to return to the same reckless practices that occurred before the law was passed. The Financial CHOICE Act removes the watchdog from Wall Street, opening the door to destructive trading at the expense of pension funds, value investors, and average Americans. Additionally, those on Wall Street who broke the law and used Americans’ investments as a casino should be held accountable for their deceptive actions, including jail time. Yet, to this day, no Wall Street executive has seen jail time for the damage they did on our finan-cial system. Instead, Wall Street executives are being rewarded with powerful jobs in the Trump administration. It is outrageous that Republicans want to allow the banking sector to return to ‘‘business as usual’’ with dangerous financial products and high-speed speculation. We need strong-er, not weaker, financial reforms, which is why I’m taking on reckless Wall Street trading with my ‘Putting Main Street FIRST Act’ legislation to discourage speculative trading by imposing a tax of a fraction of a percent on stock, bond, and derivative trades. Congress should be fighting for the interests of the American peo-ple, not Wall Street. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak in opposition to H.R. 10, the ‘‘Finan-cial CHOICE Act of 2017’’. I agree with Ranking Member MAXINE  W
ATERS by calling this bill the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. H.R. 10 is a misguided anti-reg-ulatory bill that will only diminish national ef-forts to protect and secure the financial sta-bility of our nation. H.R. 10 is ill-conceived, destroying key fi-nancial regulations and consumer protections put in place by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. H.R. 10 aims to deregulate a financial sys-tem that has failed to regulate itself in the past leading to the financial crash of 2008. The nation still feels the reverberations of that crisis to this day. We all remember the foreclosures, the neighborhoods and communities financially devastated, the jobs lost, and the retirements deferred. Americans lost $13 trillion in household wealth, 11 million Americans lost their homes, and the unemployment rate climbed to 10 per-cent. This bill is inherently paradoxical because it claims to promote self-accountability on Wall Street, by taking away governmental regula-tions on financial institutions, but that is not the nature of the beast. As evidenced by a very recent past, if given the opportunity, Wall Street runs rampant with greed and disregard for the citizens of our country. After the 2008 financial crash, Congress en-acted legislation to protect those that are most vulnerable and to help the country regain its rightful place in the economic system. H.R. 10 attempts to halt the progress made to protect our economy and puts our entire na-tion’s economy at risk of another crisis by launching an attack against the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau (CFPB), an institu-tion designed to ensure a financial crash such as the 2008 crisis does not occur again. CFPB is an effective government institution that has returned nearly $12 billion to con-sumers cheated by banks and other financial institutions. This bill strips the bureau’s ability to stop unfair and abusive practices perpetuated by fi-nancial institutions by removing the bureau’s political independence, threatening its funding and crippling its ability to ensure Americans’ fi-nancial welfare. Taking away CFPB’s power is harmful to consumers and small investors, those whose life savings and futures depend on the protec-tions that Congress provides. People of color and low-income families re-main especially vulnerable to the abuse per-petuated by financial institutions. Houston, home to some of the most diverse population in the nation, would see direct con-sequences. H.R. 10 would risk the livelihood of many living in Houston. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act abandons hard working people and aids Wall Street in the abuse of hard working Americans, jeopard-izing the financial stability of the entire nation. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act will drag us back to the days when lax lending, predatory prac-tices and profiteers on Wall Street take advan-tage of vulnerable American families. We must not return to the days when mas-sive taxpayer bailouts were the norm. We must not put our financial stability in jeopardy of another financial meltdown. b1445 The Acting CHAIR. All time for gen-eral debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5- minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Financial Services, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5- minute rule the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute printed in part A of House Report 115–163. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the na-ture of a substitute is as follows: 
H.R. 10 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Directed rulemaking repeals. TITLE I—ENDING ‘‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’’ AND BANK BAILOUTS Subtitle A—Repeal of the Orderly Liquidation Authority Sec. 111. Repeal of the orderly liquidation au-thority. Subtitle B—Financial Institution Bankruptcy Sec. 121. General provisions relating to covered financial corporations. Sec. 122. Liquidation, reorganization, or recapi-talization of a covered financial corporation. Sec. 123. Amendments to title 28, United States Code. Subtitle C—Ending Government Guarantees Sec. 131. Repeal of obligation guarantee pro-gram. Sec. 132. Repeal of systemic risk determination in resolutions. Sec. 133. Restrictions on use of the Exchange Stabilization Fund. Subtitle D—Eliminating Financial Market Utility Designations Sec. 141. Repeal of title VIII. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.049 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4732 June 8, 2017 
Subtitle E—Reform of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 Sec. 151. Repeal and modification of provisions of the Financial Stability Act of 2010. Sec. 152. Operational risk capital requirements for banking organizations. TITLE II—DEMANDING ACCOUNTABILITY FROM WALL STREET Subtitle A—SEC Penalties Modernization Sec. 211. Enhancement of civil penalties for se-curities laws violations. Sec. 212. Updated civil money penalties of Pub-lic Company Accounting Over-sight Board. Sec. 213. Updated civil money penalty for con-trolling persons in connection with insider trading. Sec. 214. Update of certain other penalties. Sec. 215. Monetary sanctions to be used for the relief of victims. Sec. 216. GAO report on use of civil money pen-alty authority by Commission. Subtitle B—FIRREA Penalties Modernization Sec. 221. Increase of civil and criminal penalties originally established in the Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Re-covery, and Enforcement Act of 1989. TITLE III—DEMANDING ACCOUNTABILITY FROM FINANCIAL REGULATORS AND DE-VOLVING POWER AWAY FROM WASH-INGTON Subtitle A—Cost-Benefit Analyses Sec. 311. Definitions. Sec. 312. Required regulatory analysis. Sec. 313. Rule of construction. Sec. 314. Public availability of data and regu-latory analysis. Sec. 315. Five-year regulatory impact analysis. Sec. 316. Retrospective review of existing rules. Sec. 317. Judicial review. Sec. 318. Chief Economists Council. Sec. 319. Conforming amendments. Sec. 320. Other regulatory entities. Sec. 321. Avoidance of duplicative or unneces-sary analyses. Subtitle B—Congressional Review of Federal Financial Agency Rulemaking Sec. 331. Congressional review. Sec. 332. Congressional approval procedure for major rules. Sec. 333. Congressional disapproval procedure for nonmajor rules. Sec. 334. Definitions. Sec. 335. Judicial review. Sec. 336. Effective date of certain rules. Sec. 337. Budgetary effects of rules subject to section 332 of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. Sec. 338. Nonapplicability to monetary policy. Subtitle C—Judicial Review of Agency Actions Sec. 341. Scope of judicial review of agency ac-tions. Subtitle D—Leadership of Financial Regulators Sec. 351. Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion. Sec. 352. Federal Housing Finance Agency. Subtitle E—Congressional Oversight of Appropriations Sec. 361. Bringing the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation into the appro-priations process. Sec. 362. Bringing the Federal Housing Finance Agency into the appropriations process. Sec. 363. Bringing the National Credit Union Administration into the appro-priations process. Sec. 364. Bringing the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency into the appro-priations process. Sec. 365. Bringing the non-monetary policy re-lated functions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System into the appropriations process. Subtitle F—International Processes Sec. 371. Requirements for international proc-esses. Subtitle G—Unfunded Mandates Reform Sec. 381. Definitions. Sec. 382. Application of the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act. Subtitle H—Enforcement Coordination Sec. 391. Policies to minimize duplication of en-forcement efforts. Subtitle I—Penalties for Unauthorized Disclosures Sec. 392. Criminal penalty for unauthorized dis-closures. Subtitle J—Stop Settlement Slush Funds Sec. 393. Limitation on donations made pursu-ant to settlement agreements to which certain departments or agencies are a party. TITLE IV—UNLEASHING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, INNOVATORS, AND JOB CREATORS BY FACILITATING CAPITAL FORMATION Subtitle A—Small Business Mergers, Acquisi-tions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification Sec. 401. Registration exemption for merger and acquisition brokers. Sec. 402. Effective date. Subtitle B—Encouraging Employee Ownership Sec. 406. Increased threshold for disclosures re-lating to compensatory benefit plans. Subtitle C—Small Company Disclosure Simplification Sec. 411. Exemption from XBRL requirements for emerging growth companies and other smaller companies. Sec. 412. Analysis by the SEC. Sec. 413. Report to Congress. Sec. 414. Definitions. Subtitle D—Securities and Exchange Commission Overpayment Credit Sec. 416. Refunding or crediting overpayment of section 31 fees. Subtitle E—Fair Access to Investment Research Sec. 421. Safe harbor for investment fund re-search. Subtitle F—Accelerating Access to Capital Sec. 426. Expanded eligibility for use of Form S– 3. 
Subtitle G—Enhancing the RAISE Act Sec. 431. Certain accredited investor trans-actions. Subtitle H—Small Business Credit Availability Sec. 436. Business development company owner-ship of securities of investment advisers and certain financial companies. Sec. 437. Expanding access to capital for busi-ness development companies. Sec. 438. Parity for business development com-panies regarding offering and proxy rules. Subtitle I—Fostering Innovation Sec. 441. Temporary exemption for low-revenue issuers. Subtitle J—Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement Sec. 446. Annual review of government-business forum on capital formation. Subtitle K—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups Sec. 451. Definition of angel investor group. Sec. 452. Clarification of general solicitation. Subtitle L—Main Street Growth Sec. 456. Venture exchanges. Subtitle M—Micro Offering Safe Harbor Sec. 461. Exemptions for micro-offerings. Subtitle N—Private Placement Improvement Sec. 466. Revisions to SEC Regulation D. Subtitle O—Supporting America’s Innovators Sec. 471. Investor limitation for qualifying ven-ture capital funds. Subtitle P—Fix Crowdfunding Sec. 476. Crowdfunding exemption. Sec. 477. Exclusion of crowdfunding investors from shareholder cap. Sec. 478. Preemption of State law. Sec. 479. Treatment of funding portals. Subtitle Q—Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency Sec. 481. Definitions. Sec. 482. Registration of proxy advisory firms. Sec. 483. Commission annual report. Subtitle R—Senior Safe Sec. 491. Immunity. Sec. 492. Training required. Sec. 493. Relationship to State law. Subtitle S—National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Sec. 496. Application of exemption. Subtitle T—Private Company Flexibility and Growth Sec. 497. Shareholder threshold for registration. Subtitle U—Small Company Capital Formation Enhancements Sec. 498. JOBS Act-related exemption. Subtitle V—Encouraging Public Offerings Sec. 499. Expanding testing the waters and con-fidential submissions. TITLE V—REGULATORY RELIEF FOR MAIN STREET AND COMMUNITY FINANCIAL IN-STITUTIONS Subtitle A—Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing Sec. 501. Mortgage originator definition. Sec. 502. High-Cost mortgage definition. Subtitle B—Mortgage Choice Sec. 506. Definition of points and fees. Subtitle C—Financial Institution Customer Protection Sec. 511. Requirements for deposit account ter-mination requests and orders. Sec. 512. Amendments to the Financial Institu-tions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989. Subtitle D—Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access Sec. 516. Safe harbor for certain loans held on portfolio. Subtitle E—Application of the Expedited Funds Availability Act Sec. 521. Application of the Expedited Funds Availability Act. Subtitle F—Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement Sec. 526. Changes required to small bank hold-ing company policy statement on assessment of financial and man-agerial factors. Subtitle G—Community Institution Mortgage Relief Sec. 531. Community financial institution mort-gage relief. Subtitle H—Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Sec. 536. Timeliness of examination reports. Subtitle I—National Credit Union Administration Budget Transparency Sec. 541. Budget transparency for the NCUA. Subtitle J—Taking Account of Institutions With Low Operation Risk Sec. 546. Regulations appropriate to business models. Subtitle K—Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility Sec. 551. Option for Federal savings associa-tions to operate as a covered sav-ings association. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4733 June 8, 2017 
Subtitle L—SAFE Transitional Licensing Sec. 556. Eliminating barriers to jobs for loan originators. Subtitle M—Right to Lend Sec. 561. Small business loan data collection re-quirement. Subtitle N—Community Bank Reporting Relief Sec. 566. Short form call report. Subtitle O—Homeowner Information Privacy Protection Sec. 571. Study regarding privacy of informa-tion collected under the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975. Subtitle P—Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment Sec. 576. Depository institutions subject to maintenance of records and dis-closure requirements. Subtitle Q—Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Sec. 581. Rate of interest after transfer of loan. Subtitle R—NCUA Overhead Transparency Sec. 586. Fund transparency. Subtitle S—Housing Opportunities Made Easier Sec. 591. Clarification of donated services to non-profits. TITLE VI—REGULATORY RELIEF FOR STRONGLY CAPITALIZED, WELL MAN-AGED BANKING ORGANIZATIONS Sec. 601. Capital election. Sec. 602. Regulatory relief. Sec. 603. Contingent capital study. Sec. 604. Study on altering the current prompt corrective action rules. Sec. 605. Definitions. TITLE VII—EMPOWERING AMERICANS TO ACHIEVE FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE Subtitle A—Separation of Powers and Liberty Enhancements Sec. 711. Consumer Law Enforcement Agency. Sec. 712. Bringing the Agency into the regular appropriations process. Sec. 713. Consumer Law Enforcement Agency Inspector General Reform. Sec. 714. Private parties authorized to compel the Agency to seek sanctions by filing civil actions; Adjudications deemed actions. Sec. 715. Civil investigative demands to be ap-pealed to courts. Sec. 716. Agency dual mandate and economic analysis. Sec. 717. No deference to Agency interpretation. Subtitle B—Administrative Enhancements Sec. 721. Advisory opinions. Sec. 722. Reform of Consumer Financial Civil Penalty Fund. Sec. 723. Agency pay fairness. Sec. 724. Elimination of market monitoring functions. Sec. 725. Reforms to mandatory functional units. Sec. 726. Repeal of mandatory advisory board. Sec. 727. Elimination of supervision authority. Sec. 728. Transfer of old OTS building from OCC to GSA. Sec. 729. Limitation on Agency authority. Subtitle C—Policy Enhancements Sec. 731. Consumer right to financial privacy. Sec. 732. Repeal of Council authority to set aside Agency rules and require-ment of safety and soundness considerations when issuing rules. Sec. 733. Removal of authority to regulate small-dollar credit. Sec. 734. Reforming indirect auto financing guidance. Sec. 735. Removal of Agency UDAAP authority. Sec. 736. Preservation of UDAP authority for Federal banking regulators. Sec. 737. Repeal of authority to restrict arbitra-tion. TITLE VIII—CAPITAL MARKETS IMPROVEMENTS Subtitle A—SEC Reform, Restructuring, and Accountability Sec. 801. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 802. Report on unobligated appropriations. Sec. 803. SEC Reserve Fund abolished. Sec. 804. Fees to offset appropriations. Sec. 805. Commission Federal construction funding prohibition. Sec. 806. Implementation of recommendations. Sec. 807. Office of Credit Ratings to report to the Division of Trading and Mar-kets. Sec. 808. Office of Municipal Securities to re-port to the Division of Trading and Markets. Sec. 809. Independence of Commission Ombuds-man. Sec. 810. Investor Advisory Committee improve-ments. Sec. 811. Duties of Investor Advocate. Sec. 812. Elimination of exemption of Small Business Capital Formation Advi-sory Committee from Federal Ad-visory Committee Act. Sec. 813. Internal risk controls. Sec. 814. Applicability of notice and comment requirements of the Administra-tive Procedure Act to guidance voted on by the Commission. Sec. 815. Limitation on pilot programs. Sec. 816. Procedure for obtaining certain intel-lectual property. Sec. 817. Process for closing investigations. Sec. 818. Enforcement Ombudsman. Sec. 819. Adequate notice. Sec. 820. Advisory committee on Commission’s enforcement policies and prac-tices. Sec. 821. Process to permit recipient of Wells no-tification to appear before Com-mission staff in-person. Sec. 822. Publication of enforcement manual. Sec. 823. Private parties authorized to compel the Securities and Exchange Com-mission to seek sanctions by filing civil actions. Sec. 824. Certain findings required to approve civil money penalties against issuers. Sec. 825. Repeal of authority of the Commission to prohibit persons from serving 
as officers or directors. Sec. 826. Subpoena duration and renewal. Sec. 827. Elimination of automatic disqualifica-tions. Sec. 828. Denial of award to culpable whistle-blowers. Sec. 829. Clarification of authority to impose sanctions on persons associated with a broker or dealer. Sec. 830. Complaint and burden of proof re-quirements for certain actions for breach of fiduciary duty. Sec. 831. Congressional access to information held by the Public Company Ac-counting Oversight Board. Sec. 832. Abolishing Investor Advisory Group. Sec. 833. Repeal of requirement for Public Com-pany Accounting Oversight Board to use certain funds for merit scholarship program. Sec. 834. Reallocation of fines for violations of rules of municipal securities rule-making board. Subtitle B—Eliminating Excessive Government Intrusion in the Capital Markets Sec. 841. Repeal of Department of Labor fidu-ciary rule and requirements prior to rulemaking relating to stand-ards of conduct for brokers and dealers. Sec. 842. Exemption from risk retention require-ments for nonresidential mort-gage. Sec. 843. Frequency of shareholder approval of executive compensation. Sec. 844. Shareholder Proposals. Sec. 845. Prohibition on requiring a single bal-lot. Sec. 846. Requirement for municipal advisor for issuers of municipal securities. Sec. 847. Small issuer exemption from internal control evaluation. Sec. 848. Streamlining of applications for an ex-emption from the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940. Sec. 849. Restriction on recovery of erroneously awarded compensation. Sec. 850. Exemptive authority for certain provi-sions relating to registration of nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Sec. 851. Risk-based examinations of Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Or-ganizations. Sec. 852. Transparency of credit rating meth-odologies. Sec. 853. Repeal of certain attestation require-ments relating to credit ratings. Sec. 854. Look-back review by NRSRO. Sec. 855. Approval of credit rating procedures and methodologies. Sec. 856. Exception for providing certain mate-rial information relating to a credit rating. Sec. 857. Repeals. Sec. 858. Exemption of and reporting by private equity fund advisers. Sec. 859. Records and reports of private funds. Sec. 860. Definition of accredited investor. Sec. 861. Repeal of certain provisions requiring a study and report to Congress. Sec. 862. Repeal. Subtitle C—Harmonization of Derivatives Rules Sec. 871. Commissions review and harmoni-zation of rules relating to the reg-ulation of over-the-counter swaps markets. Sec. 872. Treatment of transactions between af-filiates. TITLE IX—REPEAL OF THE VOLCKER RULE AND OTHER PROVISIONS Sec. 901. Repeals. TITLE X—FED OVERSIGHT REFORM AND MODERNIZATION Sec. 1001. Requirements for policy rules of the Federal Open Market Committee. Sec. 1002. Federal Open Market Committee blackout period. Sec. 1003. Public transcripts of FOMC meetings. Sec. 1004. Membership of Federal Open Market Committee. Sec. 1005. Frequency of testimony of the Chair-man of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System to Congress. Sec. 1006. Vice Chairman for Supervision report requirement. Sec. 1007. Salaries, financial disclosures, and office staff of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem. Sec. 1008. Amendments to powers of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System. Sec. 1009. Interest rates on balances maintained at a Federal Reserve bank by de-pository institutions established by Federal Open Market Com-mittee. Sec. 1010. Audit reform and transparency for the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Sec. 1011. Establishment of a Centennial Mone-tary Commission. TITLE XI—IMPROVING INSURANCE CO-ORDINATION THROUGH AN INDE-PENDENT ADVOCATE Sec. 1101. Repeal of the Federal Insurance Of-fice; Creation of the Office of the Independent Insurance Advocate. Sec. 1102. Treatment of covered agreements. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4734 June 8, 2017 
TITLE XII—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Sec. 1201. Table of contents; Definitional cor-rections. Sec. 1202. Antitrust savings clause corrections. Sec. 1203. Title I corrections. Sec. 1204. Title III corrections. Sec. 1205. Title IV correction. Sec. 1206. Title VI corrections. Sec. 1207. Title VII corrections. Sec. 1208. Title IX corrections. Sec. 1209. Title X corrections. Sec. 1210. Title XII correction. Sec. 1211. Title XIV correction. Sec. 1212. Technical corrections to other stat-utes. 
SEC. 2. DIRECTED RULEMAKING REPEALS. 
With respect to any directed rulemaking re-quired by a provision of law repealed by this Act, to the extent any rule was issued or revised pursuant to such directed rulemaking, such rule or revision shall have no force or effect. TITLE I—ENDING ‘‘TOO BIG TO FAIL’’ AND BANK BAILOUTS Subtitle A—Repeal of the Orderly Liquidation Authority 
SEC. 111. REPEAL OF THE ORDERLY LIQUIDATION AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is hereby repealed and any Federal law amended by such title shall, on and after the ef-fective date of this Act, be effective as if title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act had not been enacted. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
ODD-FRANK WALL STREET REFORM AND  
CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT .—The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended— (A) in the table of contents for such Act, by striking all items relating to title II; (B) in section 165(d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, the Coun-cil, and the Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘and the Council’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, the Coun-cil, and the Corporation’’ and inserting ‘‘and the Council’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and the Corporation’’; (iv) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘and the Corporation jointly determine’’ and inserting ‘‘determines’’; (II) by striking ‘‘their’’ and inserting ‘‘its’’; (III) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the Corporation’’; and (IV) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Corporation’’; (v) in paragraph (5)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the Corporation may jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘and the Corporation’’ each place such term appears; (bb) by striking ‘‘may jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; (cc) by striking ‘‘have jointly’’ and inserting ‘‘has’’; (vi) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘, a receiver appointed under title II,’’; and (vii) by amending paragraph (8) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(8) R
ULES.—Not later than 12 months after enactment of this paragraph, the Board of Gov-ernors shall issue final rules implementing this section.’’; and (C) in section 716(g), by striking ‘‘or a covered financial company under title II’’. (2) F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT .—Section 10(b)(3) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(b)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘, or of such nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or bank holding com-pany described in section 165(a) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010, for the purpose of imple-menting its authority to provide for orderly liq-uidation of any such company under title II of that Act’’. (3) FEDERAL RESERVE ACT .—Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, resolution under title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, or’’ and in-serting ‘‘or is subject to resolution under’’; and (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘, resolution under title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act, or’’ and in-serting ‘‘or resolution under’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (E). Subtitle B—Financial Institution Bankruptcy 
SEC. 121. GENERAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORA-TIONS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 101 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting the fol-lowing after paragraph (9): ‘‘(9A) The term ‘covered financial corporation’ means any corporation incorporated or orga-nized under any Federal or State law, other than a stockbroker, a commodity broker, or an entity of the kind specified in paragraph (2) or (3) of section 109(b), that is— ‘‘(A) a bank holding company, as defined in section 2(a) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956; or ‘‘(B) a corporation that exists for the primary purpose of owning, controlling and financing its subsidiaries, that has total consolidated assets of $50,000,000,000 or greater, and for which, in its most recently completed fiscal year— ‘‘(i) annual gross revenues derived by the cor-poration and all of its subsidiaries from activi-ties that are financial in nature (as defined in section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956) and, if applicable, from the ownership or control of one or more insured depository in-stitutions, represents 85 percent or more of the consolidated annual gross revenues of the cor-poration; or ‘‘(ii) the consolidated assets of the corporation and all of its subsidiaries related to activities that are financial in nature (as defined in sec-tion 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956) and, if applicable, related to the owner-ship or control of one or more insured depository institutions, represents 85 percent or more of the consolidated assets of the corporation.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF CHAPTERS .—Section 103 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) Subchapter V of chapter 11 of this title applies only in a case under chapter 11 con-cerning a covered financial corporation.’’. (c) W
HOMAYBEADEBTOR .—Section 109 of title 11, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) a covered financial corporation.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘an uninsured State member bank’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or’’ before ‘‘a corporation’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, or a covered financial cor-poration’’ after ‘‘Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991’’. (d) C
ONVERSION TO CHAPTER 7.—Section 1112 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) Notwithstanding section 109(b), the court may convert a case under subchapter V to a case under chapter 7 if— ‘‘(1) a transfer approved under section 1185 has been consummated; ‘‘(2) the court has ordered the appointment of a special trustee under section 1186; and ‘‘(3) the court finds, after notice and a hear-ing, that conversion is in the best interest of the creditors and the estate.’’. (e)(1) Section 726(a)(1) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘first,’’ the following: ‘‘in payment of any un-paid fees, costs, and expenses of a special trust-ee appointed under section 1186, and then’’. (2) Section 1129(a) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (16) the following: ‘‘(17) In a case under subchapter V, all pay-able fees, costs, and expenses of the special trustee have been paid or the plan provides for the payment of all such fees, costs, and expenses on the effective date of the plan. ‘‘(18) In a case under subchapter V, confirma-tion of the plan is not likely to cause serious ad-verse effects on financial stability in the United States.’’. (f) Section 322(b)(2) of title 11, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In cases under subchapter V, the United States trustee shall recommend to the court, and in all other cases, the’’. SEC. 122. LIQUIDATION, REORGANIZATION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORATION. 
Chapter 11 of title 11, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following (and conforming the table of contents for such chapter accordingly): ‘‘SUBCHAPTER V—LIQUIDATION, REORGA-NIZATION, OR RECAPITALIZATION OF A COVERED FINANCIAL CORPORATION ‘‘§ 1181. Inapplicability of other sections ‘‘Sections 303 and 321(c) do not apply in a case under this subchapter concerning a covered financial corporation. Section 365 does not apply to a transfer under section 1185, 1187, or 1188. ‘‘§ 1182. Definitions for this subchapter ‘‘In this subchapter, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Board’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. ‘‘(2) The term ‘bridge company’ means a newly formed corporation to which property of the estate may be transferred under section 1185(a) and the equity securities of which may be transferred to a special trustee under section 1186(a). ‘‘(3) The term ‘capital structure debt’ means all unsecured debt of the debtor for borrowed money for which the debtor is the primary obli-gor, other than a qualified financial contract and other than debt secured by a lien on prop-erty of the estate that is to be transferred to a bridge company pursuant to an order of the court under section 1185(a). ‘‘(4) The term ‘contractual right’ means a con-tractual right of a kind defined in section 555, 556, 559, 560, or 561. ‘‘(5) The term ‘qualified financial contract’ means any contract of a kind defined in para-graph (25), (38A), (47), or (53B) of section 101, section 741(7), or paragraph (4), (5), (11), or (13) of section 761. ‘‘(6) The term ‘special trustee’ means the trustee of a trust formed under section 1186(a)(1). ‘‘§ 1183. Commencement of a case concerning a covered financial corporation ‘‘(a) A case under this subchapter concerning a covered financial corporation may be com-menced by the filing of a petition with the court by the debtor under section 301 only if the debt-or states to the best of its knowledge under pen-alty of perjury in the petition that it is a cov-ered financial corporation. ‘‘(b) The commencement of a case under sub-section (a) constitutes an order for relief under this subchapter. ‘‘(c) The members of the board of directors (or body performing similar functions) of a covered financial company shall have no liability to shareholders, creditors, or other parties in inter-est for a good faith filing of a petition to com-mence a case under this subchapter, or for any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4735 June 8, 2017 
reasonable action taken in good faith in con-templation of such a petition or a transfer under section 1185 or section 1186, whether prior to or after commencement of the case. ‘‘(d) Counsel to the debtor shall provide, to the greatest extent practicable without dis-closing the identity of the potential debtor, suf-ficient confidential notice to the chief judge of the court of appeals for the circuit embracing the district in which such counsel intends to file a petition to commence a case under this sub-chapter regarding the potential commencement of such case. The chief judge of such court shall randomly assign to preside over such case a bankruptcy judge selected from among the bankruptcy judges designated by the Chief Jus-tice of the United States under section 298 of title 28. ‘‘§ 1184. Regulators ‘‘The Board, the Securities Exchange Commis-sion, the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency of the Department of the Treasury, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation may raise and may appear and be heard on any issue in any case or proceeding under this sub-chapter. ‘‘§ 1185. Special transfer of property of the es-tate ‘‘(a) On request of the trustee, and after no-tice and a hearing that shall occur not less than 24 hours after the order for relief, the court may order a transfer under this section of property of the estate, and the assignment of executory con-tracts, unexpired leases, and qualified financial contracts of the debtor, to a bridge company. Upon the entry of an order approving such transfer, any property transferred, and any ex-ecutory contracts, unexpired leases, and quali-fied financial contracts assigned under such order shall no longer be property of the estate. Except as provided under this section, the provi-sions of section 363 shall apply to a transfer and assignment under this section. ‘‘(b) Unless the court orders otherwise, notice of a request for an order under subsection (a) shall consist of electronic or telephonic notice of not less than 24 hours to— ‘‘(1) the debtor; ‘‘(2) the holders of the 20 largest secured claims against the debtor; ‘‘(3) the holders of the 20 largest unsecured claims against the debtor; ‘‘(4) counterparties to any debt, executory contract, unexpired lease, and qualified finan-cial contract requested to be transferred under this section; ‘‘(5) the Board; ‘‘(6) the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion; ‘‘(7) the Secretary of the Treasury and the Of-fice of the Comptroller of the Currency of the Treasury; ‘‘(8) the Commodity Futures Trading Commis-sion; ‘‘(9) the Securities and Exchange Commission; ‘‘(10) the United States trustee or bankruptcy administrator; and ‘‘(11) each primary financial regulatory agen-cy, as defined in section 2(12) of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act, with respect to any affiliate the equity securities of which are proposed to be trans-ferred under this section. ‘‘(c) The court may not order a transfer under this section unless the court determines, based upon a preponderance of the evidence, that— ‘‘(1) the transfer under this section is nec-essary to prevent serious adverse effects on fi-nancial stability in the United States; ‘‘(2) the transfer does not provide for the as-sumption of any capital structure debt by the bridge company; ‘‘(3) the transfer does not provide for the transfer to the bridge company of any property of the estate that is subject to a lien securing a debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified financial con-tract) of the debtor unless— ‘‘(A)(i) the bridge company assumes such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agree-ment (including a qualified financial contract), including any claims arising in respect thereof that would not be allowed secured claims under section 506(a)(1) and after giving effect to such transfer, such property remains subject to the lien securing such debt, executory contract, un-expired lease or agreement (including a quali-fied financial contract); and ‘‘(ii) the court has determined that assump-tion of such debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agreement (including a qualified finan-cial contract) by the bridge company is in the best interests of the estate; or ‘‘(B) such property is being transferred to the bridge company in accordance with the provi-sions of section 363; ‘‘(4) the transfer does not provide for the as-sumption by the bridge company of any debt, executory contract, unexpired lease or agree-ment (including a qualified financial contract) of the debtor secured by a lien on property of the estate unless the transfer provides for such property to be transferred to the bridge company in accordance with paragraph (3)(A) of this sub-section; ‘‘(5) the transfer does not provide for the transfer of the equity of the debtor; ‘‘(6) the trustee has demonstrated that the bridge company is not likely to fail to meet the obligations of any debt, executory contract, qualified financial contract, or unexpired lease assumed and assigned to the bridge company; ‘‘(7) the transfer provides for the transfer to a special trustee all of the equity securities in the bridge company and appointment of a special trustee in accordance with section 1186; ‘‘(8) after giving effect to the transfer, ade-quate provision has been made for the fees, costs, and expenses of the estate and special trustee; and ‘‘(9) the bridge company will have governing documents, and initial directors and senior offi-cers, that are in the best interest of creditors and the estate. ‘‘(d) Immediately before a transfer under this section, the bridge company that is the recipient of the transfer shall— ‘‘(1) not have any property, executory con-tracts, unexpired leases, qualified financial con-tracts, or debts, other than any property ac-quired or executory contracts, unexpired leases, or debts assumed when acting as a transferee of a transfer under this section; and ‘‘(2) have equity securities that are property of the estate, which may be sold or distributed in accordance with this title. ‘‘§ 1186. Special trustee ‘‘(a)(1) An order approving a transfer under section 1185 shall require the trustee to transfer to a qualified and independent special trustee, who is appointed by the court, all of the equity securities in the bridge company that is the re-cipient of a transfer under section 1185 to hold in trust for the sole benefit of the estate, subject to satisfaction of the special trustee’s fees, costs, and expenses. The trust of which the special trustee is the trustee shall be a newly formed trust governed by a trust agreement approved by the court as in the best interests of the estate, and shall exist for the sole purpose of holding and administering, and shall be permitted to dispose of, the equity securities of the bridge company in accordance with the trust agree-ment. ‘‘(2) In connection with the hearing to ap-prove a transfer under section 1185, the trustee shall confirm to the court that the Board has been consulted regarding the identity of the pro-posed special trustee and advise the court of the results of such consultation. ‘‘(b) The trust agreement governing the trust shall provide— ‘‘(1) for the payment of the fees, costs, ex-penses, and indemnities of the special trustee from the assets of the debtor’s estate; ‘‘(2) that the special trustee provide— ‘‘(A) quarterly reporting to the estate, which shall be filed with the court; and ‘‘(B) information about the bridge company reasonably requested by a party in interest to prepare a disclosure statement for a plan pro-viding for distribution of any securities of the bridge company if such information is necessary to prepare such disclosure statement; ‘‘(3) that for as long as the equity securities of the bridge company are held by the trust, the special trustee shall file a notice with the court in connection with— ‘‘(A) any change in a director or senior officer of the bridge company; ‘‘(B) any modification to the governing docu-ments of the bridge company; and ‘‘(C) any material corporate action of the bridge company, including— ‘‘(i) recapitalization; ‘‘(ii) a material borrowing; ‘‘(iii) termination of an intercompany debt or guarantee; ‘‘(iv) a transfer of a substantial portion of the assets of the bridge company; or ‘‘(v) the issuance or sale of any securities of the bridge company; ‘‘(4) that any sale of any equity securities of the bridge company shall not be consummated until the special trustee consults with the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Board regarding such sale and discloses the re-sults of such consultation with the court; ‘‘(5) that, subject to reserves for payments per-mitted under paragraph (1) provided for in the trust agreement, the proceeds of the sale of any equity securities of the bridge company by the special trustee be held in trust for the benefit of or transferred to the estate; ‘‘(6) the process and guidelines for the re-placement of the special trustee; and ‘‘(7) that the property held in trust by the spe-cial trustee is subject to distribution in accord-ance with subsection (c). ‘‘(c)(1) The special trustee shall distribute the 
assets held in trust— ‘‘(A) if the court confirms a plan in the case, in accordance with the plan on the effective date of the plan; or ‘‘(B) if the case is converted to a case under chapter 7, as ordered by the court. ‘‘(2) As soon as practicable after a final dis-tribution under paragraph (1), the office of the special trustee shall terminate, except as may be necessary to wind up and conclude the business and financial affairs of the trust. ‘‘(d) After a transfer to the special trustee under this section, the special trustee shall be subject only to applicable nonbankruptcy law, and the actions and conduct of the special trustee shall no longer be subject to approval by the court in the case under this subchapter. ‘‘§ 1187. Temporary and supplemental auto-matic stay; assumed debt ‘‘(a)(1) A petition filed under section 1183 op-erates as a stay, applicable to all entities, of the termination, acceleration, or modification of any debt, contract, lease, or agreement of the kind described in paragraph (2), or of any right or obligation under any such debt, contract, lease, or agreement, solely because of— ‘‘(A) a default by the debtor under any such debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(B) a provision in such debt, contract, lease, or agreement, or in applicable nonbankruptcy law, that is conditioned on— ‘‘(i) the insolvency or financial condition of the debtor at any time before the closing of the case; ‘‘(ii) the commencement of a case under this title concerning the debtor; ‘‘(iii) the appointment of or taking possession by a trustee in a case under this title concerning the debtor or by a custodian before the com-mencement of the case; or ‘‘(iv) a credit rating agency rating, or absence or withdrawal of a credit rating agency rating— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4736 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(I) of the debtor at any time after the com-mencement of the case; ‘‘(II) of an affiliate during the period from the commencement of the case until 48 hours after such order is entered; ‘‘(III) of the bridge company while the trustee or the special trustee is a direct or indirect bene-ficial holder of more than 50 percent of the eq-uity securities of— ‘‘(aa) the bridge company; or ‘‘(bb) the affiliate, if all of the direct or indi-rect interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are transferred under section 1185; or ‘‘(IV) of an affiliate while the trustee or the special trustee is a direct or indirect beneficial holder of more than 50 percent of the equity se-curities of— ‘‘(aa) the bridge company; or ‘‘(bb) the affiliate, if all of the direct or indi-rect interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are transferred under section 1185. ‘‘(2) A debt, contract, lease, or agreement de-scribed in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) any debt (other than capital structure debt), executory contract, or unexpired lease of the debtor (other than a qualified financial con-tract); ‘‘(B) any agreement under which the debtor issued or is obligated for debt (other than cap-ital structure debt); ‘‘(C) any debt, executory contract, or unex-pired lease of an affiliate (other than a qualified financial contract); or ‘‘(D) any agreement under which an affiliate issued or is obligated for debt. ‘‘(3) The stay under this subsection termi-nates— ‘‘(A) for the benefit of the debtor, upon the earliest of— ‘‘(i) 48 hours after the commencement of the case; ‘‘(ii) assumption of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement by the bridge company under an order authorizing a transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(iii) a final order of the court denying the re-quest for a transfer under section 1185; or ‘‘(iv) the time the case is dismissed; and ‘‘(B) for the benefit of an affiliate, upon the earliest of— ‘‘(i) the entry of an order authorizing a trans-fer under section 1185 in which the direct or in-direct interests in the affiliate that are property of the estate are not transferred under section 1185; ‘‘(ii) a final order by the court denying the re-quest for a transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(iii) 48 hours after the commencement of the case if the court has not ordered a transfer under section 1185; or ‘‘(iv) the time the case is dismissed. ‘‘(4) Subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g) of section 362 apply to a stay under this subsection. ‘‘(b) A debt, executory contract (other than a qualified financial contract), or unexpired lease of the debtor, or an agreement under which the debtor has issued or is obligated for any debt, may be assumed by a bridge company in a transfer under section 1185 notwithstanding any provision in an agreement or in applicable non-bankruptcy law that— ‘‘(1) prohibits, restricts, or conditions the as-signment of the debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment; or ‘‘(2) accelerates, terminates, or modifies, or permits a party other than the debtor to termi-nate or modify, the debt, contract, lease, or agreement on account of— ‘‘(A) the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(B) a change in control of any party to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement. ‘‘(c)(1) A debt, contract, lease, or agreement of the kind described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(2) may not be accelerated, termi-nated, or modified, and any right or obligation under such debt, contract, lease, or agreement may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified, as to the bridge company solely because of a provision in the debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment or in applicable nonbankruptcy law— ‘‘(A) of the kind described in subsection (a)(1)(B) as applied to the debtor; ‘‘(B) that prohibits, restricts, or conditions the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment; or ‘‘(C) that accelerates, terminates, or modifies, or permits a party other than the debtor to ter-minate or modify, the debt, contract, lease or agreement on account of— ‘‘(i) the assignment of the debt, contract, lease, or agreement; or ‘‘(ii) a change in control of any party to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement. ‘‘(2) If there is a default by the debtor under a provision other than the kind described in paragraph (1) in a debt, contract, lease or agree-ment of the kind described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (a)(2), the bridge company may assume such debt, contract, lease, or agree-ment only if the bridge company— ‘‘(A) shall cure the default; ‘‘(B) compensates, or provides adequate assur-ance in connection with a transfer under section 1185 that the bridge company will promptly com-pensate, a party other than the debtor to the debt, contract, lease, or agreement, for any ac-tual pecuniary loss to the party resulting from the default; and ‘‘(C) provides adequate assurance in connec-tion with a transfer under section 1185 of future performance under the debt, contract, lease, or agreement, as determined by the court under section 1185(c)(4). ‘‘§ 1188. Treatment of qualified financial con-tracts and affiliate contracts ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding sections 362(b)(6), 362(b)(7), 362(b)(17), 362(b)(27), 362(o), 555, 556, 559, 560, and 561, a petition filed under section 1183 operates as a stay, during the period speci-fied in section 1187(a)(3)(A), applicable to all en-tities, of the exercise of a contractual right— ‘‘(1) to cause the modification, liquidation, termination, or acceleration of a qualified fi-nancial contract of the debtor or an affiliate; ‘‘(2) to offset or net out any termination value, payment amount, or other transfer obli-gation arising under or in connection with a qualified financial contract of the debtor or an affiliate; or ‘‘(3) under any security agreement or arrange-ment or other credit enhancement forming a part of or related to a qualified financial con-tract of the debtor or an affiliate. ‘‘(b)(1) During the period specified in section 1187(a)(3)(A), the trustee or the affiliate shall perform all payment and delivery obligations under such qualified financial contract of the debtor or the affiliate, as the case may be, that become due after the commencement of the case. The stay provided under subsection (a) termi-nates as to a qualified financial contract of the debtor or an affiliate immediately upon the fail-ure of the trustee or the affiliate, as the case may be, to perform any such obligation during such period. ‘‘(2) Any failure by a counterparty to any qualified financial contract of the debtor or any affiliate to perform any payment or delivery ob-ligation under such qualified financial contract, including during the pendency of the stay pro-vided under subsection (a), shall constitute a breach of such qualified financial contract by the counterparty. ‘‘(c) Subject to the court’s approval, a quali-fied financial contract between an entity and the debtor may be assigned to or assumed by the bridge company in a transfer under, and in ac-cordance with, section 1185 if and only if— ‘‘(1) all qualified financial contracts between the entity and the debtor are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company in the transfer under section 1185; ‘‘(2) all claims of the entity against the debtor in respect of any qualified financial contract be-tween the entity and the debtor (other than any claim that, under the terms of the qualified fi-nancial contract, is subordinated to the claims of general unsecured creditors) are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company; ‘‘(3) all claims of the debtor against the entity under any qualified financial contract between the entity and the debtor are assigned to and assumed by the bridge company; and ‘‘(4) all property securing or any other credit enhancement furnished by the debtor for any qualified financial contract described in para-graph (1) or any claim described in paragraph (2) or (3) under any qualified financial contract between the entity and the debtor is assigned to and assumed by the bridge company. ‘‘(d) Notwithstanding any provision of a qualified financial contract or of applicable nonbankruptcy law, a qualified financial con-tract of the debtor that is assumed or assigned in a transfer under section 1185 may not be ac-celerated, terminated, or modified, after the entry of the order approving a transfer under section 1185, and any right or obligation under the qualified financial contract may not be ac-celerated, terminated, or modified, after the entry of the order approving a transfer under section 1185 solely because of a condition de-scribed in section 1187(c)(1), other than a condi-tion of the kind specified in section 1187(b) that occurs after property of the estate no longer in-cludes a direct beneficial interest or an indirect beneficial interest through the special trustee, in more than 50 percent of the equity securities of the bridge company. ‘‘(e) Notwithstanding any provision of any 
agreement or in applicable nonbankruptcy law, an agreement of an affiliate (including an exec-utory contract, an unexpired lease, qualified fi-nancial contract, or an agreement under which the affiliate issued or is obligated for debt) and any right or obligation under such agreement may not be accelerated, terminated, or modified, solely because of a condition described in sec-tion 1187(c)(1), other than a condition of the kind specified in section 1187(b) that occurs after the bridge company is no longer a direct or indirect beneficial holder of more than 50 per-cent of the equity securities of the affiliate, at any time after the commencement of the case if— ‘‘(1) all direct or indirect interests in the affil-iate that are property of the estate are trans-ferred under section 1185 to the bridge company within the period specified in subsection (a); ‘‘(2) the bridge company assumes— ‘‘(A) any guarantee or other credit enhance-ment issued by the debtor relating to the agree-ment of the affiliate; and ‘‘(B) any obligations in respect of rights of setoff, netting arrangement, or debt of the debt-or that directly arises out of or directly relates to the guarantee or credit enhancement; and ‘‘(3) any property of the estate that directly serves as collateral for the guarantee or credit enhancement is transferred to the bridge com-pany. ‘‘§ 1189. Licenses, permits, and registrations ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding any otherwise applica-ble nonbankruptcy law, if a request is made under section 1185 for a transfer of property of the estate, any Federal, State, or local license, permit, or registration that the debtor or an af-filiate had immediately before the commence-ment of the case and that is proposed to be transferred under section 1185 may not be accel-erated, terminated, or modified at any time after the request solely on account of— ‘‘(1) the insolvency or financial condition of the debtor at any time before the closing of the case; ‘‘(2) the commencement of a case under this title concerning the debtor; ‘‘(3) the appointment of or taking possession by a trustee in a case under this title concerning the debtor or by a custodian before the com-mencement of the case; or ‘‘(4) a transfer under section 1185. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4737 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(b) Notwithstanding any otherwise applica-ble nonbankruptcy law, any Federal, State, or local license, permit, or registration that the debtor had immediately before the commence-ment of the case that is included in a transfer under section 1185 shall be valid and all rights and obligations thereunder shall vest in the bridge company. ‘‘§ 1190. Exemption from securities laws ‘‘For purposes of section 1145, a security of the bridge company shall be deemed to be a se-curity of a successor to the debtor under a plan if the court approves the disclosure statement for the plan as providing adequate information (as defined in section 1125(a)) about the bridge company and the security. ‘‘§ 1191. Inapplicability of certain avoiding powers ‘‘A transfer made or an obligation incurred by the debtor to an affiliate prior to or after the commencement of the case, including any obli-gation released by the debtor or the estate to or for the benefit of an affiliate, in contemplation of or in connection with a transfer under sec-tion 1185 is not avoidable under section 544, 547, 548(a)(1)(B), or 549, or under any similar non-bankruptcy law. ‘‘§ 1192. Consideration of financial stability ‘‘The court may consider the effect that any decision in connection with this subchapter may have on financial stability in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 123. AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 28, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO CHAPTER 13.—Chapter 13 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 298. Judge for a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11 ‘‘(a)(1) Notwithstanding section 295, the Chief Justice of the United States shall designate not fewer than 10 bankruptcy judges to be available to hear a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11. Bankruptcy judges may request to be considered by the Chief Justice of the United States for such designation. ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding section 155, a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11 shall be heard under section 157 by a bank-ruptcy judge designated under paragraph (1), who shall be randomly assigned to hear such case by the chief judge of the court of appeals for the circuit embracing the district in which the case is pending. To the greatest extent prac-ticable, the approvals required under section 155 should be obtained. ‘‘(3) If the bankruptcy judge assigned to hear a case under paragraph (2) is not assigned to the district in which the case is pending, the bankruptcy judge shall be temporarily assigned to the district. ‘‘(b) A case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11, and all proceedings in the case, shall take place in the district in which the case is pending. ‘‘(c) In this section, the term ‘covered finan-cial corporation’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(9A) of title 11.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 1334 OFTITLE 28.—Section 1334 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) This section does not grant jurisdiction to the district court after a transfer pursuant to an order under section 1185 of title 11 of any pro-ceeding related to a special trustee appointed, or to a bridge company formed, in connection with a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 13 of title 28, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘298. Judge for a case under subchapter V of chapter 11 of title 11.’’. Subtitle C—Ending Government Guarantees SEC. 131. REPEAL OF OBLIGATION GUARANTEE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sections of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) are repealed: (1) Section 1104. (2) Section 1105. (3) Section 1106. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents under section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 1104, 1105, and 1106. 
SEC. 132. REPEAL OF SYSTEMIC RISK DETERMINA-TION IN RESOLUTIONS. 
Section 13(c)(4)(G) of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act (12 U.S.C. 1823(c)(4)(G)) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 133. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF THE EX-CHANGE STABILIZATION FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5302 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) Amounts in the fund may not be used for the establishment of a guaranty program for any nongovernmental entity.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 131(b) of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5236(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or for the purposes of preventing the liquida-tion or insolvency of any entity’’ before the pe-riod. Subtitle D—Eliminating Financial Market Utility Designations 
SEC. 141. REPEAL OF TITLE VIII. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Title VIII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5461 et seq.) is repealed, and pro-visions of law amended by such title are restored and revived as if such title had never been en-acted. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to title VIII. Subtitle E—Reform of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 
SEC. 151. REPEAL AND MODIFICATION OF PROVI-SIONS OF THE FINANCIAL STABILITY ACT OF 2010. 
(a) R EPEALS .—The following provisions of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 are repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such provisions are restored or revived as if such provisions had not been enacted: (1) Subtitle B. (2) Section 113. (3) Section 114. (4) Section 115. (5) Section 116. (6) Section 117. (7) Section 119. (8) Section 120. (9) Section 121. (10) Section 161. (11) Section 162. (12) Section 164. (13) Section 166. (14) Section 167. (15) Section 168. (16) Section 170. (17) Section 172. (18) Section 174. (19) Section 175. (b) A
DDITIONAL MODIFICATIONS .—The Finan-cial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 102(a), by striking paragraph (5); (2) in section 111— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘who shall each’’ and inserting ‘‘who shall, except as provided below, each’’; and (II) by striking subparagraphs (B) through (J) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) each member of the Board of Governors, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Coun-cil; ‘‘(C) the Comptroller of the Currency; ‘‘(D) the Director of the Consumer Law En-forcement Agency; ‘‘(E) each member of the Commission, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Council; ‘‘(F) each member of the Corporation, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Council; ‘‘(G) each member of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, who shall collectively have 1 vote on the Council; ‘‘(H) the Director of the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency; ‘‘(I) each member of the National Credit Union Administration Board, who shall collec-tively have 1 vote on the Council; and ‘‘(J) the Independent Insurance Advocate.’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) VOTING BY MULTI -PERSON ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) V
OTING WITHIN THE ENTITY .—An entity described under subparagraph (B), (E), (F), (G), or (I) of paragraph (1) shall determine the enti-ty’s Council vote by using the voting process normally applicable to votes by the entity’s members. ‘‘(B) C
ASTING OF ENTITY VOTE .—The 1 collec-tive Council vote of an entity described under subparagraph (A) shall be cast by the head of such agency or, in the event such head is un-able to cast such vote, the next most senior mem-ber of the entity available.’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘The inde-pendent member of the Council shall serve for a term of 6 years, and each nonvoting member de-scribed in subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) of’’ and inserting ‘‘Each nonvoting members de-scribed under’’; (C) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) S
TAFF ACCESS .—Any member of the Coun-cil may select to have one or more individuals on the member’s staff attend a meeting of the Council, including any meeting of representa-tives of the member agencies other than the members themselves. ‘‘(4) C
ONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—All meetings of the Council, whether or not open to the pub-lic, shall be open to the attendance by members of the authorization and oversight committees of the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(5) M
EMBER AGENCY MEETINGS .—Any meet-ing of representatives of the member agencies other than the members themselves shall be open to attendance by staff of the authorization and oversight committees of the House of Represent-atives and the Senate.’’; (D) by striking subsection (g) (relating to the nonapplicability of FACA); (E) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) O
PEN MEETING REQUIREMENT .—The Council shall be an agency for purposes of sec-tion 552b of title 5, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the ‘Government in the Sunshine Act’). ‘‘(h) C
ONFIDENTIAL CONGRESSIONAL BRIEF-
INGS.—The Chairperson shall at regular times but not less than annually provide confidential briefings to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, which may in the discretion of the Chairman of the respective committee be at-tended by any combination of the committee’s members or staff.’’; and (F) by redesignating subsections (h) through (j) as subsections (i) through (k), respectively; (3) in section 112— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4738 June 8, 2017 
(A) in subsection (a)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the Fed-eral Insurance Office and, if necessary to assess risks to the United States financial system, di-rect the Office of Financial Research to’’ and inserting ‘‘and, if necessary to assess risks to the United States financial system,’’; (ii) by striking subparagraphs (B), (H), (I), and (J); (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (K), (L), (M), and (N) as subpara-graphs (B), (C), (D), (E), (F), (G), (H), (I), and (J), respectively; (iv) in subparagraph (J), as so redesignated— (I) in clause (iii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by striking clauses (iv) and (v); and (III) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (iv); and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research, member agencies, and the Federal Insurance Office’’ and inserting ‘‘mem-ber agencies’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research, any member agency, and the Federal Insurance Office,’’ and inserting ‘‘member agencies’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘, acting through the Office of Financial Research,’’ each place it appears; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the Of-fice of Financial Research or’’; and (iv) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘, the Of-fice of Financial Research,’’; (4) by amending section 118 to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 118. COUNCIL FUNDING. 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Council $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter to carry out the duties of the Council.’’; (5) in section 163— (A) by striking subsection (a); (B) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (a); and (C) in subsection (a), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘or a nonbank financial com-pany supervised by the Board of Governors’’ each place such term appears; (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘In addi-tion’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR QUALIFYING BANKING OR -
GANIZATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a proposed acquisition by a qualifying bank-ing organization, as defined under section 605 of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017.’’; and (6) in section 165— (A) by striking ‘‘nonbank financial companies supervised by the Board of Governors and’’ each place such term appears; (B) by striking ‘‘nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors and’’ each place such term appears; (C) in subsection (a), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) T
AILORED APPLICATION .—In prescribing more stringent prudential standards under this section, the Board of Governors may differen-tiate among companies on an individual basis or by category, taking into consideration their cap-ital structure, riskiness, complexity, financial activities (including the financial activities of their subsidiaries), size, and any other risk-re-lated factors that the Board of Governors deems appropriate.’’; (D) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)(iv), by striking ‘‘, on its own or pursuant to a recommendation made by the Council in accordance with section 115,’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘foreign nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (II) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘give due’’ and inserting ‘‘shall give due’’; (III) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (IV) by striking subparagraph (B); (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking clause (i); (bb) by redesignating clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), respectively; and (cc) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by add-ing ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C); and (III) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (B); and (iv) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (E) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘under sec-tion 115(c)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) any recommendations of the Council;’’; and (II) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (F) in subsection (d)— (i) by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’ each place such term appears; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘periodi-cally’’ and inserting ‘‘not more often than every 2 years’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘The Board’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Board’’; (II) by striking ‘‘shall review’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(i) review’’; (III) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) not later than the end of the 6-month pe-riod beginning on the date the bank holding company submits the resolution plan, provide feedback to the bank holding company on such plan. ‘‘(B) D
ISCLOSURE OF ASSESSMENT FRAME -
WORK .—The Board of Governors shall publicly disclose, including on the website of the Board of Governors, the assessment framework that is used to review information under this para-graph and shall provide the public with a notice and comment period before finalizing such as-sessment framework.’’. (iv) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘nonbank fi-nancial company supervised by the Board, any bank holding company,’’ and inserting ‘‘bank holding company’’; (G) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’ each place such term appears; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or’’; (H) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘and any nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’; (I) in subsection (h)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively; (iii) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph (2)’’; and (iv) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or bank holding company described in subsection (a), as applicable’’ and inserting ‘‘a bank holding company described in subsection (a)’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors or a bank holding company described in subsection (a), as applicable’’ and inserting ‘‘a bank holding company described in subsection (a)’’; (J) in subsection (i)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, in co-ordination with the appropriate primary finan-cial regulatory agencies and the Federal Insur-ance Office,’’; (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) shall— ‘‘(I) issue regulations, after providing for pub-lic notice and comment, that provide for at least 3 different sets of conditions under which the evaluation required by this subsection shall be conducted, including baseline, adverse, and se-verely adverse, and methodologies, including models used to estimate losses on certain assets, and the Board of Governors shall not carry out any such evaluation until 60 days after such regulations are issued; and ‘‘(II) provide copies of such regulations to the Comptroller General of the United States and the Panel of Economic Advisors of the Congres-sional Budget Office before publishing such reg-ulations;’’; (bb) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and nonbank financial companies’’; (cc) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (dd) in clause (v), by striking the period and inserting the following: ‘‘, including any results of a resubmitted test;’’; and (ee) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) shall, in establishing the severely ad-verse condition under clause (i), provide de-tailed consideration of the model’s effects on fi-nancial stability and the cost and availability of credit; ‘‘(vii) shall, in developing the models and methodologies and providing them for notice and comment under this subparagraph, publish a process to test the models and methodologies for their potential to magnify systemic and insti-tutional risks instead of facilitating increased resiliency; ‘‘(viii) shall design and publish a process to test and document the sensitivity and uncer-tainty associated with the model system’s data quality, specifications, and assumptions; and ‘‘(ix) shall communicate the range and sources of uncertainty surrounding the models and methodologies.’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) CCAR 
REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) P
ARAMETERS AND CONSEQUENCES APPLICA -
BLE TO CCAR .—The requirements of subpara-graph (B) shall apply to CCAR. ‘‘(ii) T
WO-YEAR LIMITATION .—The Board of Governors may not subject a company to CCAR more than once every two years. ‘‘(iii) M
ID-CYCLE RESUBMISSION .—If a com-pany receives a quantitative objection to, or oth-erwise desires to amend the company’s capital plan, the company may file a new streamlined plan at any time after a capital planning exer-cise has been completed and before a subsequent capital planning exercise. ‘‘(iv) L
IMITATION ON QUALITATIVE CAPITAL  
PLANNING OBJECTIONS .—In carrying out CCAR, the Board of Governors may not object to a com-pany’s capital plan on the basis of qualitative deficiencies in the company’s capital planning process. ‘‘(v) C
OMPANY INQUIRIES .—The Board of Gov-ernors shall establish and publish procedures for responding to inquiries from companies subject to CCAR, including establishing the time frame in which such responses will be made, and make such procedures publicly available. ‘‘(vi) CCAR 
DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph and subparagraph (E), the term 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4739 June 8, 2017 
‘CCAR’ means the Comprehensive Capital Anal-ysis and Review established by the Board of Governors.’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking ‘‘a bank holding company’’ and inserting ‘‘bank holding company’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘semiannual’’ and inserting ‘‘annual’’; (cc) by striking ‘‘All other financial compa-nies’’ and inserting ‘‘All other bank holding companies’’; and (dd) by striking ‘‘and are regulated by a pri-mary Federal financial regulatory agency’’; (II) in subparagraph (B)— (aa) by striking ‘‘and to its primary financial regulatory agency’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘primary financial regulatory agency’’ the second time it appears and insert-ing ‘‘Board of Governors’’; and (III) in subparagraph (C)— (aa) by striking ‘‘Each Federal primary finan-cial regulatory agency, in coordination with the Board of Governors and the Federal Insurance Office,’’ and inserting ‘‘The Board of Gov-ernors’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘consistent and comparable’’. (K) in subsection (j)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or a nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the factors described in subsections (a) and (b) of section 113 and any other’’ and inserting ‘‘any’’; (L) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘or nonbank financial company supervised by the Board of Governors’’; and (M) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) E
XEMPTION FOR QUALIFYING BANKING OR-
GANIZATIONS .—This section shall not apply to a proposed acquisition by a qualifying banking organization, as defined under section 605 of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017.’’. (c) T
REATMENT OF OTHER RESOLUTION PLAN R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to an appro-priate Federal banking agency that requires a banking organization to submit to the agency a resolution plan not described under section 165(d) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act— (A) the agency shall comply with the require-ments of paragraphs (3) and (4) of such section 165(d); (B) the agency may not require the submission of such a resolution plan more often than every 2 years; and (C) paragraphs (6) and (7) of such section 165(d) shall apply to such a resolution plan. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section, the terms ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’ and ‘‘banking organization’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 105. (d) A
CTIONS TO CREATE A BANK HOLDING  C
OMPANY .—Section 3(b)(1) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1842(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Upon receiving’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Upon receiving’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) I
MMEDIATE ACTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—The Board may not take any action pursuant to clause (i) on an applica-tion that would cause any company to become a bank holding company unless such application involves the company acquiring a bank that is critically undercapitalized (as such term is de-fined under section 38(b) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act).’’. (e) C
ONCENTRATION LIMITS APPLIED ONLY TO  B
ANKING ORGANIZATIONS .—Section 14 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1852) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘financial company’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘banking organization’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) the term ‘banking organization’ means— ‘‘(A) an insured depository institution; ‘‘(B) a bank holding company; ‘‘(C) a savings and loan holding company; ‘‘(D) a company that controls an insured de-pository institution; and ‘‘(E) a foreign bank or company that is treat-ed as a bank holding company for purposes of this Act; and’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C); and (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘financial companies’’ and inserting ‘‘banking organiza-tions’’. (f) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3502(5) of title 44, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Office of Financial Research,’’. (g) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents under section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to sub-title B of title I and 113, 114, 115, 116, 117, 119, 120, 121, 161, 162, 164, 166, 167, 168, 170, 172, 174, and 175. 
SEC. 152. OPERATIONAL RISK CAPITAL REQUIRE-MENTS FOR BANKING ORGANIZA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not establish an oper-ational risk capital requirement for banking or-ganizations, unless such requirement— (1) is based on the risks posed by a banking organization’s current activities and businesses; (2) is appropriately sensitive to the risks posed by such current activities and businesses; (3) is determined under a forward-looking as-sessment of potential losses that may arise out of a banking organization’s current activities and businesses, which is not solely based on a banking organization’s historical losses; and (4) permits adjustments based on qualifying operational risk mitigants. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’ and ‘‘banking organization’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 605. TITLE II—DEMANDING ACCOUNTABILITY FROM WALL STREET Subtitle A—SEC Penalties Modernization 
SEC. 211. ENHANCEMENT OF CIVIL PENALTIES FOR SECURITIES LAWS VIOLATIONS. 
(a) U PDATED CIVILMONEY PENALTIES .— (1) S
ECURITIES ACT OF 1933 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 8A(g)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h–1(g)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘$7,500’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$75,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$375,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) T
HIRD TIER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall not exceed the amount specified in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the act or omission described in para-graph (1) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or deliberate or reckless disregard of a regu-latory requirement; and ‘‘(II) such act or omission directly or indi-rectly resulted in— ‘‘(aa) substantial losses or created a signifi-cant risk of substantial losses to other persons; or ‘‘(bb) substantial pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission. ‘‘(ii) MAXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is the greatest of— ‘‘(I) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(II) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission; or ‘‘(III) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the act or omission.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 20(d)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77t(d)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) T
HIRD TIER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the amount of penalty for each such violation shall not exceed the amount specified in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the violation described in paragraph (1) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or delib-erate or reckless disregard of a regulatory re-quirement; and ‘‘(II) such violation directly or indirectly re-sulted in substantial losses or created a signifi-cant risk of substantial losses to other persons. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is the greatest of— ‘‘(I) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(II) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to such defendant as a result of the viola-tion; or ‘‘(III) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the violation.’’. (2) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 21(d)(3)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(d)(3)(B)) is amended— (i) in clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) T
HIRD TIER .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding clauses (i) and (ii), the amount of penalty for each such violation shall not exceed the amount specified in subclause (II) if— ‘‘(aa) the violation described in subparagraph (A) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or de-liberate or reckless disregard of a regulatory re-quirement; and ‘‘(bb) such violation directly or indirectly re-sulted in substantial losses or created a signifi-cant risk of substantial losses to other persons. ‘‘(II) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in subclause (I) is the great-est of— ‘‘(aa) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(bb) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to such defendant as a result of the viola-tion; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4740 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(cc) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the violation.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 21B(b) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u–2(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) T
HIRD TIER .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding para-graphs (1) and (2), the amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall not exceed the amount specified in subparagraph (B) if— ‘‘(i) the act or omission described in subsection (a) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or de-liberate or reckless disregard of a regulatory re-quirement; and ‘‘(ii) such act or omission directly or indirectly resulted in substantial losses or created a sig-nificant risk of substantial losses to other per-sons or resulted in substantial pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission. ‘‘(B) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in subparagraph (A) is the greatest of— ‘‘(i) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(ii) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission; or ‘‘(iii) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the act or omission.’’. (3) I
NVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 9(d)(2) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–9(d)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) T
HIRD TIER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall not exceed the amount specified in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the act or omission described in para-graph (1) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or deliberate or reckless disregard of a regu-latory requirement; and ‘‘(II) such act or omission directly or indi-rectly resulted in substantial losses or created a significant risk of substantial losses to other persons or resulted in substantial pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is the greatest of— ‘‘(I) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(II) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission; or ‘‘(III) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the act or omission.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 42(e)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–41(e)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) THIRD TIER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the amount of penalty for each such violation shall not exceed the amount specified in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the violation described in paragraph (1) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or delib-erate or reckless disregard of a regulatory re-quirement; and ‘‘(II) such violation directly or indirectly re-sulted in substantial losses or created a signifi-cant risk of substantial losses to other persons. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is the greatest of— ‘‘(I) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(II) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to such defendant as a result of the viola-tion; or ‘‘(III) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the violation.’’. (4) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 203(i)(2) of the Investment Ad-visers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(i)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) T
HIRD TIER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall not exceed the amount specified in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the act or omission described in para-graph (1) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or deliberate or reckless disregard of a regu-latory requirement; and ‘‘(II) such act or omission directly or indi-rectly resulted in substantial losses or created a significant risk of substantial losses to other persons or resulted in substantial pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is the greatest of— ‘‘(I) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(II) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to the person who committed the act or omission; or ‘‘(III) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the act or omission.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 209(e)(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–9(e)(2)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘$250,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’; and (iii) by striking subparagraph (C) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) THIRD TIER .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subpara-graphs (A) and (B), the amount of penalty for each such violation shall not exceed the amount specified in clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the violation described in paragraph (1) involved fraud, deceit, manipulation, or delib-erate or reckless disregard of a regulatory re-quirement; and ‘‘(II) such violation directly or indirectly re-sulted in substantial losses or created a signifi-cant risk of substantial losses to other persons. ‘‘(ii) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT OF PENALTY .—The amount referred to in clause (i) is the greatest of— ‘‘(I) $300,000 for a natural person or $1,450,000 for any other person; ‘‘(II) 3 times the gross amount of pecuniary gain to such defendant as a result of the viola-tion; or ‘‘(III) the amount of losses incurred by victims as a result of the violation.’’. (b) P
ENALTIES FOR RECIDIVISTS .— (1) S
ECURITIES ACT OF 1933 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 8A(g)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h–1(g)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C), the maximum amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such subparagraphs if, within the 5-year pe-riod preceding such act or omission, the person who committed the act or omission was crimi-nally convicted for securities fraud or became subject to a judgment or order imposing mone-tary, equitable, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that per-son.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 20(d)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77t(d)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C), the maximum amount of penalty for each such violation shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such subparagraphs if, within the 5-year period preceding such violation, the defendant was criminally convicted for securities fraud or be-came subject to a judgment or order imposing monetary, equitable, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that defendant.’’. (2) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 21(d)(3)(B) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(d)(3)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), the maximum amount of pen-alty for each such violation shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such clauses if, within the 5-year period preceding such viola-tion, the defendant was criminally convicted for securities fraud or became subject to a judgment or order imposing monetary, equitable, or ad-ministrative relief in any Commission action al-leging fraud by that defendant.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 21B(b) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u–2(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding para-graphs (1), (2), and (3), the maximum amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such paragraphs if, within the 5-year period pre-ceding such act or omission, the person who committed the act or omission was criminally convicted for securities fraud or became subject to a judgment or order imposing monetary, equi-table, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that person.’’. (3) I
NVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4741 June 8, 2017 
(A) M ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 9(d)(2) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–9(d)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C), the maximum amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such subparagraphs if, within the 5-year pe-riod preceding such act or omission, the person who committed the act or omission was crimi-nally convicted for securities fraud or became subject to a judgment or order imposing mone-tary, equitable, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that per-son.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 42(e)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–41(e)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C), the maximum amount of penalty for each such violation shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such subparagraphs if, within the 5-year period preceding such violation, the defendant was criminally convicted for securities fraud or be-came subject to a judgment or order imposing monetary, equitable, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that defendant.’’. (4) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940 .— (A) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN ADMINISTRATIVE AC -
TIONS .—Section 203(i)(2) of the Investment Ad-visers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(i)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C), the maximum amount of penalty for each such act or omission shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such subparagraphs if, within the 5-year pe-riod preceding such act or omission, the person who committed the act or omission was crimi-nally convicted for securities fraud or became subject to a judgment or order imposing mone-tary, equitable, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that per-son.’’. (B) M
ONEY PENALTIES IN CIVIL ACTIONS .—Sec- tion 209(e)(2) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–9(e)(2)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(D) F
OURTH TIER .—Notwithstanding sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C), the maximum amount of penalty for each such violation shall be 3 times the otherwise applicable amount in such subparagraphs if, within the 5-year period preceding such violation, the defendant was criminally convicted for securities fraud or be-came subject to a judgment or order imposing monetary, equitable, or administrative relief in any Commission action alleging fraud by that defendant.’’. (c) V
IOLATIONS OF INJUNCTIONS AND BARS.— (1) S
ECURITIES ACT OF 1933 .—Section 20(d) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77t(d)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘the rules or regulations thereunder,’’ the following: ‘‘a Federal court injunction or a bar obtained or entered by the Commission under this title,’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO A VIO -
LATION OF AN INJUNCTION OR CERTAIN ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each separate violation of an injunction or order described in subpara-graph (B) shall be a separate offense, except that in the case of a violation through a con-tinuing failure to comply with such injunction or order, each day of the failure to comply with the injunction or order shall be deemed a sepa-rate offense. ‘‘(B) I
NJUNCTIONS AND ORDERS .—Subpara- graph (A) shall apply with respect to any action to enforce— ‘‘(i) a Federal court injunction obtained pur-suant to this title; ‘‘(ii) an order entered or obtained by the Com-mission pursuant to this title that bars, sus-pends, places limitations on the activities or functions of, or prohibits the activities of, a per-son; or ‘‘(iii) a cease-and-desist order entered by the Commission pursuant to section 8A.’’. (2) SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 .—Section 21(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(d)(3)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting after ‘‘the rules or regulations thereunder,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘a Federal court injunction or a bar ob-tained or entered by the Commission under this title,’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (D) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(D) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO A VIO -
LATION OF AN INJUNCTION OR CERTAIN ORDERS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each separate violation of an injunction or order described in clause (ii) shall be a separate offense, except that in the case of a violation through a continuing failure to comply with such injunction or order, each day of the failure to comply with the injunction or order shall be deemed a separate offense. ‘‘(ii) I
NJUNCTIONS AND ORDERS .—Clause (i) shall apply with respect to an action to en-force— ‘‘(I) a Federal court injunction obtained pur-suant to this title; ‘‘(II) an order entered or obtained by the Com-mission pursuant to this title that bars, sus-pends, places limitations on the activities or functions of, or prohibits the activities of, a per-son; or ‘‘(III) a cease-and-desist order entered by the Commission pursuant to section 21C.’’. (3) I
NVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 .—Section 42(e) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–41(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘the rules or regulations thereunder,’’ the following: ‘‘a Federal court injunction or a bar obtained or entered by the Commission under this title,’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO A VIO -
LATION OF AN INJUNCTION OR CERTAIN ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each separate violation of an injunction or order described in subpara-graph (B) shall be a separate offense, except that in the case of a violation through a con-tinuing failure to comply with such injunction or order, each day of the failure to comply with the injunction or order shall be deemed a sepa-rate offense. ‘‘(B) I
NJUNCTIONS AND ORDERS .—Subpara- graph (A) shall apply with respect to any action to enforce— ‘‘(i) a Federal court injunction obtained pur-suant to this title; ‘‘(ii) an order entered or obtained by the Com-mission pursuant to this title that bars, sus-pends, places limitations on the activities or functions of, or prohibits the activities of, a per-son; or ‘‘(iii) a cease-and-desist order entered by the Commission pursuant to section 9(f).’’. (4) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940 .—Section 209(e) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–9(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘the rules or regulations thereunder,’’ the following: ‘‘a Federal court injunction or a bar obtained or entered by the Commission under this title,’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO A VIO -
LATION OF AN INJUNCTION OR CERTAIN ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each separate violation of an injunction or order described in subpara-graph (B) shall be a separate offense, except that in the case of a violation through a con-tinuing failure to comply with such injunction or order, each day of the failure to comply with the injunction or order shall be deemed a sepa-rate offense. ‘‘(B) INJUNCTIONS AND ORDERS .—Subpara- graph (A) shall apply with respect to any action to enforce— ‘‘(i) a Federal court injunction obtained pur-suant to this title; ‘‘(ii) an order entered or obtained by the Com-mission pursuant to this title that bars, sus-pends, places limitations on the activities or functions of, or prohibits the activities of, a per-son; or ‘‘(iii) a cease-and-desist order entered by the Commission pursuant to section 203(k).’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to con-duct that occurs after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 212. UPDATED CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES OF PUBLIC COMPANY ACCOUNTING OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105(c)(4)(D) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7215(c)(4)(D)) is amended— (1) in clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$200,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,000,000’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$15,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$22,000,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to con-duct that occurs after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 213. UPDATED CIVIL MONEY PENALTY FOR CONTROLLING PERSONS IN CON-NECTION WITH INSIDER TRADING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 21A(a)(3) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u– 1(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,500,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply with respect to con-duct that occurs after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 214. UPDATE OF CERTAIN OTHER PEN-ALTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 32 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ff) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,000,000’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to con-duct that occurs after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 215. MONETARY SANCTIONS TO BE USED FOR THE RELIEF OF VICTIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 308(a) of the Sar-banes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7246(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) M
ONETARY SANCTIONS TO BEUSED FOR  
THERELIEF OF VICTIMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, in any judicial or ad-ministrative action brought by the Commission under the securities laws, the Commission ob-tains a monetary sanction (as defined in section 21F(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) against any person for a violation of such laws, or such person agrees, in settlement of any such action, to such monetary sanction, the amount of such monetary sanction shall, on the motion 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4742 June 8, 2017 
or at the direction of the Commission, be added to and become part of a disgorgement fund or other fund established for the benefit of the vic-tims of such violation. ‘‘(2) D
EFINITION OF VICTIM .—In this sub-section, the term ‘victim’ has the meaning given the term ‘crime victim’ in section 3771(e) of title 18, United States Code.’’. (b) M
ONETARY SANCTION DEFINED .—Section 21F(a)(4)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u–6(a)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘ordered’’ and inserting ‘‘required’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section apply with respect to any mone-tary sanction ordered or required to be paid be-fore or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 216. GAO REPORT ON USE OF CIVIL MONEY PENALTY AUTHORITY BY COMMIS-SION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report on the use by the Commission of the authority to impose or obtain civil money penalties for violations of the securities laws during the period beginning on June 1, 2010, and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) M
ATTERS REQUIRED TOBEINCLUDED .— The matters covered by the report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The types of violations for which civil money penalties were imposed or obtained. (2) The types of persons on whom civil money penalties were imposed or from whom such pen-alties were obtained. (3) The number and dollar amount of civil money penalties imposed or obtained, disaggregated as follows: (A) Penalties imposed in administrative ac-tions and penalties obtained in judicial actions. (B) Penalties imposed on or obtained from issuers (individual and aggregate filers) and penalties imposed on or obtained from other per-sons. (C) Penalties permitted to be retained for use by the Commission and penalties deposited in the general fund of the Treasury of the United States. (4) For penalties imposed on or obtained from issuers: (A) Whether the violations involved resulted in direct economic benefit to the issuers. (B) The impact of the penalties on the share-holders of the issuers. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘Commission’’, ‘‘issuer’’, and ‘‘securities laws’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)). Subtitle B—FIRREA Penalties Modernization 
SEC. 221. INCREASE OF CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PEN-ALTIES ORIGINALLY ESTABLISHED IN THE FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REFORM, RECOVERY, AND ENFORCE-MENT ACT OF 1989. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO FIRREA.—Section 951(b) of the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1833a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000 per day or $5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000 per day or $7,500,000’’. (b) A
MENDMENTS TO THE HOMEOWNERS ’ LOAN A
CT.—The Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1461 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(v)(6), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (2) in section 10— (A) in subsection (r)(3), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (B) in subsection (i)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (c) AMENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT IN-
SURANCE ACT.—The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 7— (A) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (B) in subsection (j)(16)(D), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (2) in section 8— (A) in subsection (i)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (B) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (3) in section 19(b), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (d) A
MENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL CREDIT  U
NION ACT.—The Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 202(a)(3), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (2) in section 205(d)(3), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (3) in section 206— (A) in subsection (k)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (B) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (e) A
MENDMENTS TO THE REVISED STATUTES OF  
THEUNITED STATES .—Title LXII of the Revised Statutes of the United States is amended— (1) in section 5213(c), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (2) in section 5239(b)(4), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (f) A
MENDMENTS TO THE FEDERAL RESERVE  A
CT.—The Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 221 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the 6th undesignated paragraph of sec-tion 9, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (2) in section 19(l)(4), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (3) in section 29(d), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (g) A
MENDMENTS TO THE BANKHOLDING COM-
PANY ACTAMENDMENTS OF 1970.—Section 106(b)(2)(F)(iv) of the Bank Holding Company Act Amendments of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1978(b)(2)(F)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (h) A
MENDMENTS TO THE BANKHOLDING COM-
PANY ACT OF 1956.—Section 8 of the Bank Hold-ing Company Act of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1847) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (2) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (i) A
MENDMENTS TO TITLE 18, U NITED STATES  C
ODE.—Title 18, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in section 215(a) of chapter 11, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (2) in chapter 31— (A) in section 656, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (B) in section 657, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (3) in chapter 47— (A) in section 1005, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (B) in section 1006, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (C) in section 1007, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (D) in section 1014, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (4) in chapter 63— (A) in section 1341, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; (B) in section 1343, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’; and (C) in section 1344, by striking ‘‘$1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. TITLE III—DEMANDING ACCOUNTABILITY FROM FINANCIAL REGULATORS AND DE-VOLVING POWER AWAY FROM WASH-INGTON Subtitle A—Cost-Benefit Analyses SEC. 311. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘agency’’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency, the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the National Cred-it Union Administration, and the Securities and Exchange Commission; (2) the term ‘‘chief economist’’ means— (A) with respect to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Director of the Division of Research and Statistics, or an em-ployee of the agency with comparable authority; (B) with respect to the Consumer Law En-forcement Agency, the Head of the Office of Economic Analysis, or an employee of the agen-cy with comparable authority; (C) with respect to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Chief Economist, or an employee of the agency with comparable author-ity; (D) with respect to the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, the Director of the Division of Insurance and Research, or an employee of the agency with comparable authority; (E) with respect to the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency, the Chief Economist, or an em-ployee of the agency with comparable authority; (F) with respect to the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency, the Director for Policy Analysis, or an employee of the agency with comparable authority; (G) with respect to the National Credit Union Administration, the Chief Economist, or an em-ployee of the agency with comparable authority; and (H) with respect to the Securities and Ex-change Commission, the Director of the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, or an employee of the agency with comparable authority; (3) the term ‘‘Council’’ means the Chief Economists Council established under section 318; and (4) the term ‘‘regulation’’— (A) means an agency statement of general ap-plicability and future effect that is designed to implement, interpret, or prescribe law or policy or to describe the procedure or practice require-ments of an agency, including rules, orders of general applicability, interpretive releases, and other statements of general applicability that the agency intends to have the force and effect of law; and (B) does not include— (i) a regulation issued in accordance with the formal rulemaking provisions of section 556 or 557 of title 5, United States Code; (ii) a regulation that is limited to agency orga-nization, management, or personnel matters; (iii) a regulation promulgated pursuant to statutory authority that expressly prohibits compliance with this provision; (iv) a regulation that is certified by the agen-cy to be an emergency action, if such certifi-cation is published in the Federal Register; (v) a regulation that is promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem or the Federal Open Market Committee under section 10A, 10B, 13, 13A, or 19 of the Federal Reserve Act, or any of subsections (a) through (f) of section 14 of that Act; (vi) a regulation filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Municipal Se-curities Rulemaking Board, or any national se-curities association registered under section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4743 June 8, 2017 
78o–3(a)) for which the board or association has itself conducted the cost-benefit analysis and otherwise complied with the requirements of sec-tion 312; or (vii) a regulation filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by a national securities association registered under section 15A(k) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–3(k)). 
SEC. 312. REQUIRED REGULATORY ANALYSIS. 
(a) R EQUIREMENTS FOR NOTICES OF PROPOSED  R
ULEMAKING .—An agency may not issue a no-tice of proposed rulemaking unless the agency includes in the notice of proposed rulemaking an analysis that contains, at a minimum, with respect to each regulation that is being pro-posed— (1) an identification of the need for the regu-lation and the regulatory objective, including identification of the nature and significance of the market failure, regulatory failure, or other problem that necessitates the regulation; (2) an explanation of why the private market or State, local, or tribal authorities cannot ade-quately address the identified market failure or other problem; (3) an analysis of the adverse impacts to regu-lated entities, other market participants, eco-nomic activity, or agency effectiveness that are engendered by the regulation and the mag-nitude of such adverse impacts; (4) a quantitative and qualitative assessment of all anticipated direct and indirect costs and benefits of the regulation (as compared to a benchmark that assumes the absence of the reg-ulation), including— (A) compliance costs; (B) effects on economic activity, net job cre-ation (excluding jobs related to ensuring compli-ance with the regulation), efficiency, competi-tion, and capital formation; (C) regulatory administrative costs; and (D) costs imposed by the regulation on State, local, or tribal governments or other regulatory authorities; (5) if quantified benefits do not outweigh quantitative costs, a justification for the regula-tion; (6) an identification and assessment of all available alternatives to the regulation, includ-ing modification of an existing regulation or statute, together with— (A) an explanation of why the regulation meets the objectives of the regulation more effec-tively than the alternatives, and if the agency is proposing multiple alternatives, an explanation of why a notice of proposed rulemaking, rather than an advanced notice of proposed rule-making, is appropriate; and (B) if the regulation is not a pilot program, an explanation of why a pilot program is not ap-propriate; (7) if the regulation specifies the behavior or manner of compliance, an explanation of why the agency did not instead specify performance objectives; (8) an assessment of how the burden imposed by the regulation will be distributed among mar-ket participants, including whether consumers, investors, small businesses, or independent fi-nancial firms and advisors will be disproportion-ately burdened; (9) an assessment of the extent to which the regulation is inconsistent, incompatible, or du-plicative with the existing regulations of the agency or those of other domestic and inter-national regulatory authorities with overlap-ping jurisdiction; (10) a description of any studies, surveys, or other data relied upon in preparing the anal-ysis; (11) an assessment of the degree to which the key assumptions underlying the analysis are subject to uncertainty; and (12) an explanation of predicted changes in market structure and infrastructure and in be-havior by market participants, including con-sumers and investors, assuming that they will pursue their economic interests. (b) REQUIREMENTS FOR NOTICES OF FINAL R
ULEMAKING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an agency may not issue a no-tice of final rulemaking with respect to a regula-tion unless the agency— (A) has issued a notice of proposed rule-making for the relevant regulation; (B) has conducted and includes in the notice of final rulemaking an analysis that contains, at a minimum, the elements required under sub-section (a); and (C) includes in the notice of final rulemaking regulatory impact metrics selected by the chief economist to be used in preparing the report re-quired pursuant to section 315. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF COMMENTS .—The agen- cy shall incorporate in the elements described in paragraph (1)(B) the data and analyses pro-vided to the agency by commenters during the comment period, or explain why the data or analyses are not being incorporated. (3) C
OMMENT PERIOD .—An agency shall not publish a notice of final rulemaking with re-spect to a regulation, unless the agency— (A) has allowed at least 90 days from the date of publication in the Federal Register of the no-tice of proposed rulemaking for the submission of public comments; or (B) includes in the notice of final rulemaking an explanation of why the agency was not able to provide a 90-day comment period. (4) P
ROHIBITED RULES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An agency may not publish a notice of final rulemaking if the agency, in its analysis under paragraph (1)(B), determines that the quantified costs are greater than the quantified benefits under subsection (a)(5). (B) P
UBLICATION OF ANALYSIS .—If the agency is precluded by subparagraph (A) from pub-lishing a notice of final rulemaking, the agency shall publish in the Federal Register and on the public website of the agency its analysis under paragraph (1)(B), and provide the analysis to each House of Congress. (C) C
ONGRESSIONAL WAIVER .—If the agency is precluded by subparagraph (A) from publishing a notice of final rulemaking, Congress, by joint resolution pursuant to the procedures set forth for joint resolutions in section 802 of title 5, United States Code, may direct the agency to publish a notice of final rulemaking notwith-standing the prohibition contained in subpara-graph (A). In applying section 802 of title 5, United States Code, for purposes of this para-graph, section 802(e)(2) shall not apply and the terms— (i) ‘‘joint resolution’’ or ‘‘joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a)’’ means only a joint resolution introduced during the period begin-ning on the submission or publication date and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress directs, notwithstanding the prohibition contained in section 312(b)(4)(A) of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017, the ll to publish the notice of final rulemaking for the regulation or regulations that were the subject of the analysis submitted by the ll to Con- gress on ll.’’ (The blank spaces being appro-priately filled in.); and (ii) ‘‘submission or publication date’’ means— (I) the date on which the analysis under paragraph (1)(B) is submitted to Congress under paragraph (4)(B); or (II) if the analysis is submitted to Congress less than 60 session days or 60 legislative days before the date on which the Congress adjourns a session of Congress, the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first convenes its next session. 
SEC. 313. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Provided that an agency has first issued an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking in con-nection with a regulation, the agency is not re-quired to comply with section 3506(c)(2) of title 44, United States Code, with respect to any in-formation collection request— (1) that identifies the advanced notice of pro-posed rulemaking in such request; (2) that informs the person from whom the in-formation is obtained or solicited that the provi-sion of such information is voluntary; (3) that is necessary to comply with section 312; and (4) with respect to which the information col-lected will not be used for purposes other than compliance with this title. SEC. 314. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF DATA AND REGULATORY ANALYSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—At or before the commence-ment of the public comment period with respect to a regulation, the agency shall make available on its public website sufficient information about the data, methodologies, and assumptions underlying the analyses performed pursuant to section 312 so that the analytical results of the agency are capable of being substantially repro-duced, subject to an acceptable degree of impre-cision or error. (b) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The agency shall com-ply with subsection (a) in a manner that pre-serves the nonpublic nature of confidential in-formation, including confidential trade secrets, confidential commercial or financial informa-tion, and confidential information about posi-tions, transactions, or business practices. 
SEC. 315. FIVE-YEAR REGULATORY IMPACT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of publication in the Federal Register of a notice of final rulemaking, the chief econo-mist of the agency shall issue a report that ex-amines the economic impact of the subject regu-lation, including the direct and indirect costs and benefits of the regulation. (b) R
EGULATORY IMPACT METRICS .—In pre- paring the report required by subsection (a), the chief economist shall employ the regulatory im-pact metrics included in the notice of final rule-making pursuant to section 312(b)(1)(C). (c) R
EPRODUCIBILITY .—The report shall in-clude the data, methodologies, and assumptions underlying the evaluation so that the agency’s analytical results are capable of being substan-tially reproduced, subject to an acceptable de-gree of imprecision or error. (d) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—The agency shall com-ply with subsection (c) in a manner that pre-serves the nonpublic nature of confidential in-formation, including confidential trade secrets, confidential commercial or financial informa-tion, and confidential information about posi-tions, transactions, or business practices. (e) R
EPORT .—The agency shall submit the re-port required by subsection (a) to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and post it on the public website of the agency. Notwith-standing the previous sentence, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall only submit its report to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Represent-atives. 
SEC. 316. RETROSPECTIVE REVIEW OF EXISTING RULES. 
(a) R EGULATORY IMPROVEMENT PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and every 5 years thereafter, each agency shall develop, submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and post on the public website of the agency a plan, consistent with law and its resources and regulatory prior-ities, under which the agency will modify, streamline, expand, or repeal existing regula-tions so as to make the regulatory program of the agency more effective or less burdensome in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4744 June 8, 2017 
achieving the regulatory objectives. Notwith-standing the previous sentence, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall only submit its plan to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutri-tion, and Forestry of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Agriculture of the House of Represent-atives. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION PROGRESS REPORT .—Two years after the date of submission of each plan required under subsection (a), each agency shall develop, submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and post on the pub-lic website of the agency a report of the steps that it has taken to implement the plan, steps that remain to be taken to implement the plan, and, if any parts of the plan will not be imple-mented, reasons for not implementing those parts of the plan. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission shall only submit its plan to the Com-mittee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate and the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 317. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during the period beginning on the date on which a notice of final rulemaking for a regulation is published in the Federal Reg-ister and ending 1 year later, a person that is adversely affected or aggrieved by the regula-tion is entitled to bring an action in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Co-lumbia Circuit for judicial review of agency compliance with the requirements of section 312. (b) S
TAY.—The court may stay the effective date of the regulation or any provision thereof. (c) R
ELIEF .—If the court finds that an agency has not complied with the requirements of sec-tion 312, the court shall vacate the subject regu-lation, unless the agency shows by clear and convincing evidence that vacating the regula-tion would result in irreparable harm. Nothing in this section affects other limitations on judi-cial review or the power or duty of the court to dismiss any action or deny relief on any other appropriate legal or equitable ground. 
SEC. 318. CHIEF ECONOMISTS COUNCIL. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Chief Economists Council. (b) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Council shall consist of the chief economist of each agency. The mem-bers of the Council shall select the first chair-person of the Council. Thereafter the position of Chairperson shall rotate annually among the members of the Council. (c) M
EETINGS .—The Council shall meet at the call of the Chairperson, but not less frequently than quarterly. (d) R
EPORT .—One year after the effective date of this Act and annually thereafter, the Council shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and For-estry of the Senate and the Committee on Fi-nancial Services and the Committee on Agri-culture of the House of Representatives, and make publicly available on the Council’s website, a report on— (1) the benefits and costs of regulations adopt-ed by the agencies during the past 12 months; (2) the regulatory actions planned by the agencies for the upcoming 12 months; (3) the cumulative effect of the existing regu-lations of the agencies on economic activity, in-novation, international competitiveness of enti-ties regulated by the agencies, and net job cre-ation (excluding jobs related to ensuring compli-ance with the regulation); (4) the training and qualifications of the per-sons who prepared the cost-benefit analyses of each agency during the past 12 months; (5) the sufficiency of the resources available to the chief economists during the past 12 months for the conduct of the activities required by this subtitle; and (6) recommendations for legislative or regu-latory action to enhance the efficiency and ef-fectiveness of financial regulation in the United States. SEC. 319. CONFORMING AMENDMENTS. 
Section 15(a) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 19(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1); (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(2)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘light of—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—Before promulgating a regulation under this chapter or issuing an order (except as provided in paragraph (2)), the Commission shall take into consideration—’’; (3) in paragraph (1), as so redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘fu-tures’’ and inserting ‘‘the relevant’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (D) by striking subparagraph (E); and (4) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). 
SEC. 320. OTHER REGULATORY ENTITIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall provide to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives, and make pub-licly available on the Commission’s website a re-port setting forth a plan for subjecting the Pub-lic Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, and any national securities association registered under section 15A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–4(a)), other than sub-section (k) of such section 15A, to the require-ments of this subtitle, other than direct rep-resentation on the Council. 
SEC. 321. AVOIDANCE OF DUPLICATIVE OR UN-NECESSARY ANALYSES. 
An agency may perform the analyses required by this subtitle in conjunction with, or as a part of, any other agenda or analysis required by any other provision of law, if such other anal-ysis satisfies the provisions of this subtitle. Subtitle B—Congressional Review of Federal Financial Agency Rulemaking 
SEC. 331. CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW. 
(a)(1)(A) Before a rule may take effect, an agency shall publish in the Federal Register a list of information on which the rule is based, including data, scientific and economic studies, and cost-benefit analyses, and identify how the public can access such information online, and shall submit to each House of the Congress and to the Comptroller General a report containing— (i) a copy of the rule; (ii) a concise general statement relating to the rule; (iii) a classification of the rule as a major or nonmajor rule, including an explanation of the classification specifically addressing each cri-teria for a major rule contained within subpara-graphs (A) through (C) of section 334(2); (iv) a list of any other related regulatory ac-tions intended to implement the same statutory provision or regulatory objective as well as the individual and aggregate economic effects of those actions; and (v) the proposed effective date of the rule. (B) On the date of the submission of the re-port under subparagraph (A), the agency shall submit to the Comptroller General and make available to each House of Congress— (i) a complete copy of the cost-benefit analysis of the rule, if any, including an analysis of any jobs added or lost, differentiating between pub-lic and private sector jobs; (ii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sections 603, 604, 605, 607, and 609 of title 5, United States Code; (iii) the agency’s actions pursuant to sections 202, 203, 204, and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 and subtitle G; and (iv) any other relevant information or require-ments under any other Act and any relevant Ex-ecutive orders. (C) Upon receipt of a report submitted under subparagraph (A), each House shall provide copies of the report to the chairman and rank-ing member of each standing committee with ju-risdiction under the rules of the House of Rep-resentatives or the Senate to report a bill to amend the provision of law under which the rule is issued. (2)(A) The Comptroller General shall provide a report on each major rule to the committees of jurisdiction by the end of 15 calendar days after the submission or publication date. The report of the Comptroller General shall include an as-sessment of the agency’s compliance with proce-dural steps required by paragraph (1)(B) and an assessment of whether the major rule imposes any new limits or mandates on private-sector activity. (B) Agencies shall cooperate with the Comp-troller General by providing information rel-evant to the Comptroller General’s report under subparagraph (A). (3) A major rule relating to a report submitted under paragraph (1) shall take effect upon en-actment of a joint resolution of approval de-scribed in section 332 or as provided for in the rule following enactment of a joint resolution of approval described in section 332, whichever is later. (4) A nonmajor rule shall take effect as pro-vided by section 333 after submission to Congress under paragraph (1). (5) If a joint resolution of approval relating to a major rule is not enacted within the period provided in subsection (b)(2), then a joint reso-lution of approval relating to the same rule may not be considered under this subtitle in the same Congress by either the House of Representatives or the Senate. (b)(1) A major rule shall not take effect unless the Congress enacts a joint resolution of ap-proval described under section 332. (2) If a joint resolution described in subsection (a) is not enacted into law by the end of 70 ses-sion days or legislative days, as applicable, be-ginning on the date on which the report referred to in subsection (a)(1)(A) is received by Congress (excluding days either House of Congress is ad-journed for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), then the rule described in that reso-lution shall be deemed not to be approved and such rule shall not take effect. (c)(1) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section (except subject to paragraph (3)), a major rule may take effect for one 90-calendar- day period if the President makes a determina-tion under paragraph (2) and submits written notice of such determination to the Congress. (2) Paragraph (1) applies to a determination made by the President by Executive order that the major rule should take effect because such rule is— (A) necessary because of an imminent threat to health or safety or other emergency; (B) necessary for the enforcement of criminal laws; (C) necessary for national security; or (D) issued pursuant to any statute imple-menting an international trade agreement. (3) An exercise by the President of the author-ity under this subsection shall have no effect on the procedures under section 332. (d)(1) In addition to the opportunity for re-view otherwise provided under this subtitle, in the case of any rule for which a report was sub-mitted in accordance with subsection (a)(1)(A) during the period beginning on the date occur-ring— (A) in the case of the Senate, 60 session days; or (B) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, 60 legislative days, before the date the Congress is scheduled to ad-journ a session of Congress through the date on which the same or succeeding Congress first 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4745 June 8, 2017 
convenes its next session, sections 332 and 333 shall apply to such rule in the succeeding ses-sion of Congress. (2)(A) In applying sections 332 and 333 for purposes of such additional review, a rule de-scribed under paragraph (1) shall be treated as though— (i) such rule were published in the Federal Register on— (I) in the case of the Senate, the 15th session day; or (II) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, the 15th legislative day, after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes; and (ii) a report on such rule were submitted to Congress under subsection (a)(1) on such date. (B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be con-strued to affect the requirement under sub-section (a)(1) that a report shall be submitted to Congress before a rule can take effect. (3) A rule described under paragraph (1) shall take effect as otherwise provided by law (includ-ing other subsections of this section). 
SEC. 332. CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL PROCE-DURE FOR MAJOR RULES. 
(a)(1) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘joint resolution’’ means only a joint resolution addressing a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 331(a)(1)(A)(iii) that— (A) bears no preamble; (B) bears the following title (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘‘Approving the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’’; (C) includes after its resolving clause only the following (with blanks filled as appropriate): ‘‘That Congress approves the rule submitted by lll relating to lll.’’; and (D) is introduced pursuant to paragraph (2). (2) After a House of Congress receives a report classifying a rule as major pursuant to section 331(a)(1)(A)(iii), the majority leader of that House (or his or her respective designee) shall introduce (by request, if appropriate) a joint res-olution described in paragraph (1)— (A) in the case of the House of Representa-tives, within 3 legislative days; and (B) in the case of the Senate, within 3 session days. (3) A joint resolution described in paragraph (1) shall not be subject to amendment at any stage of proceeding. (b) A joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be referred in each House of Congress to the committees having jurisdiction over the provision of law under which the rule is issued. (c) In the Senate, if the committee or commit-tees to which a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) has been referred have not reported it at the end of 15 session days after its intro-duction, such committee or committees shall be automatically discharged from further consider-ation of the resolution and it shall be placed on the calendar. A vote on final passage of the res-olution shall be taken on or before the close of the 15th session day after the resolution is re-ported by the committee or committees to which it was referred, or after such committee or com-mittees have been discharged from further con-sideration of the resolution. (d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee or committees to which a joint resolution is re-ferred have reported, or when a committee or committees are discharged (under subsection (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a previous mo-tion to the same effect has been disagreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amendment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the con-sideration of other business. A motion to recon-sider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint reso-lution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall re-main the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. (2) In the Senate, debate on the joint resolu-tion, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 2 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those oppos-ing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint reso-lution is not in order. (3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in subsection (a), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. (4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-lating to the application of the rules of the Sen-ate to the procedure relating to a joint resolu-tion described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. (e) In the House of Representatives, if any committee to which a joint resolution described in subsection (a) has been referred has not re-ported it to the House at the end of 15 legislative days after its introduction, such committee shall be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution, and it shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. On the second and fourth Thursdays of each month it shall be in order at any time for the Speaker to recognize a Member who favors passage of a joint resolution that has appeared on the calendar for at least 5 leg-islative days to call up that joint resolution for immediate consideration in the House without intervention of any point of order. When so called up a joint resolution shall be considered as read and shall be debatable for 1 hour equal-ly divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and the previous question shall be considered as ordered to its passage without in-tervening motion. It shall not be in order to re-consider the vote on passage. If a vote on final passage of the joint resolution has not been taken by the third Thursday on which the Speaker may recognize a Member under this subsection, such vote shall be taken on that day. (f)(1) If, before passing a joint resolution de-scribed in subsection (a), one House receives from the other a joint resolution having the same text, then— (A) the joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee; and (B) the procedure in the receiving House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been re-ceived from the other House until the vote on passage, when the joint resolution received from the other House shall supplant the joint resolu-tion of the receiving House. (2) This subsection shall not apply to the House of Representatives if the joint resolution received from the Senate is a revenue measure. (g) If either House has not taken a vote on final passage of the joint resolution by the last day of the period described in section 331(b)(2), then such vote shall be taken on that day. (h) This section and section 333 are enacted by Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and House of Representatives, re-spectively, and as such is deemed to be part of the rules of each House, respectively, but appli-cable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of a joint res-olution described in subsection (a) and super-seding other rules only where explicitly so; and (2) with full recognition of the Constitutional right of either House to change the rules (so far as they relate to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. SEC. 333. CONGRESSIONAL DISAPPROVAL PROCE-DURE FOR NONMAJOR RULES. 
(a) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘joint resolution’’ means only a joint resolution introduced in the period beginning on the date on which the report referred to in section 331(a)(1)(A) is received by Congress and ending 60 days thereafter (excluding days either House of Congress is adjourned for more than 3 days during a session of Congress), the matter after the resolving clause of which is as follows: ‘‘That Congress disapproves the nonmajor rule submitted by the lll relating to lll, and such rule shall have no force or effect.’’ (The blank spaces being appropriately filled in). (b) A joint resolution described in subsection (a) shall be referred to the committees in each House of Congress with jurisdiction. (c) In the Senate, if the committee to which is referred a joint resolution described in sub-section (a) has not reported such joint resolu-tion (or an identical joint resolution) at the end of 15 session days after the date of introduction of the joint resolution, such committee may be discharged from further consideration of such joint resolution upon a petition supported in writing by 30 Members of the Senate, and such joint resolution shall be placed on the calendar. (d)(1) In the Senate, when the committee to which a joint resolution is referred has reported, or when a committee is discharged (under sub-section (c)) from further consideration of a joint resolution described in subsection (a), it is at any time thereafter in order (even though a pre-vious motion to the same effect has been dis-agreed to) for a motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution, and all points of order against the joint resolution (and against consideration of the joint resolution) are waived. The motion is not subject to amend-ment, or to a motion to postpone, or to a motion to proceed to the consideration of other busi-ness. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. If a motion to proceed to the consid-eration of the joint resolution is agreed to, the joint resolution shall remain the unfinished business of the Senate until disposed of. (2) In the Senate, debate on the joint resolu-tion, and on all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith, shall be limited to not more than 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between those favoring and those oppos-ing the joint resolution. A motion to further limit debate is in order and not debatable. An amendment to, or a motion to postpone, or a mo-tion to proceed to the consideration of other business, or a motion to recommit the joint reso-lution is not in order. (3) In the Senate, immediately following the conclusion of the debate on a joint resolution described in subsection (a), and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate, the vote on final passage of the joint resolution shall occur. (4) Appeals from the decisions of the Chair re-lating to the application of the rules of the Sen-ate to the procedure relating to a joint resolu-tion described in subsection (a) shall be decided without debate. (e) In the Senate, the procedure specified in subsection (c) or (d) shall not apply to the con-sideration of a joint resolution respecting a nonmajor rule— (1) after the expiration of the 60 session days beginning with the applicable submission or publication date; or (2) if the report under section 331(a)(1)(A) was submitted during the period referred to in sec-tion 331(d)(1), after the expiration of the 60 ses-sion days beginning on the 15th session day after the succeeding session of Congress first convenes. (f) If, before the passage by one House of a joint resolution of that House described in sub-section (a), that House receives from the other House a joint resolution described in subsection (a), then the following procedures shall apply: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4746 June 8, 2017 
(1) The joint resolution of the other House shall not be referred to a committee. (2) With respect to a joint resolution described in subsection (a) of the House receiving the joint resolution— (A) the procedure in that House shall be the same as if no joint resolution had been received from the other House; but (B) the vote on final passage shall be on the joint resolution of the other House. 
SEC. 334. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this subtitle: (1) The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given such term under section 311. (2) The term ‘‘major rule’’ means any rule, in-cluding an interim final rule, that the Adminis-trator of the Office of Information and Regu-latory Affairs of the Office of Management and Budget finds has resulted in or is likely to result in— (A) an annual cost on the economy of $100,000,000 or more, adjusted annually for in-flation; (B) a major increase in costs or prices for con-sumers, individual industries, Federal, State, or local government agencies, or geographic re-gions; or (C) significant adverse effects on competition, employment, investment, productivity, innova-tion, or on the ability of United States-based en-terprises to compete with foreign-based enter-prises in domestic and export markets. (3) The term ‘‘nonmajor rule’’ means any rule that is not a major rule. (4) The term ‘‘rule’’ has the meaning given such term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code, except that such term does not include— (A) any rule of particular applicability, in-cluding a rule that approves or prescribes for the future rates, wages, prices, services, or al-lowances therefore, corporate or financial struc-tures, reorganizations, mergers, or acquisitions thereof, or accounting practices or disclosures bearing on any of the foregoing; (B) any rule relating to agency management or personnel; or (C) any rule of agency organization, proce-dure, or practice that does not substantially af-fect the rights or obligations of non-agency par-ties. (5) The term ‘‘submission date or publication date’’, except as otherwise provided in this sub-title, means— (A) in the case of a major rule, the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 331(a)(1)(A); and (B) in the case of a nonmajor rule, the later of— (i) the date on which the Congress receives the report submitted under section 331(a)(1)(A); and (ii) the date on which the nonmajor rule is published in the Federal Register, if so pub-lished. 
SEC. 335. JUDICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) No determination, finding, action, or omis-sion under this subtitle shall be subject to judi-cial review. (b) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a court may determine whether a Federal financial agency has completed the necessary require-ments under this subtitle for a rule to take ef-fect. (c) The enactment of a joint resolution of ap-proval under section 332 shall not be interpreted to serve as a grant or modification of statutory authority by Congress for the promulgation of a rule, shall not extinguish or affect any claim, whether substantive or procedural, against any alleged defect in a rule, and shall not form part of the record before the court in any judicial proceeding concerning a rule except for pur-poses of determining whether or not the rule is in effect. 
SEC. 336. EFFECTIVE DATE OF CERTAIN RULES. 
Notwithstanding section 331— (1) any rule that establishes, modifies, opens, closes, or conducts a regulatory program for a commercial, recreational, or subsistence activity related to hunting, fishing, or camping, or (2) any rule other than a major rule which the Federal financial agency for good cause finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief state-ment of reasons therefore in the rule issued) that notice and public procedure thereon are im-practicable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest, shall take effect at such time as the Federal fi-nancial agency promulgating the rule deter-mines. SEC. 337. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUB-JECT TO SECTION 332 OF THE FINAN-CIAL CHOICE ACT OF 2017. 
Section 257(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-paragraph: ‘‘(E) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS OF RULES SUBJECT  
TO SECTION 332 OF THE FINANCIAL CHOICE ACT OF  
2017.—Any rules subject to the congressional ap-proval procedure set forth in section 332 of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 affecting budget authority, outlays, or receipts shall be assumed to be effective unless it is not approved in ac-cordance with such section.’’. 
SEC. 338. NONAPPLICABILITY TO MONETARY POL-ICY. 
Nothing in this subtitle shall apply to rules that concern monetary policy proposed or imple-mented by the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System or the Federal Open Market Committee. Subtitle C—Judicial Review of Agency Actions 
SEC. 341. SCOPE OF JUDICIAL REVIEW OF AGEN-CY ACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in any judicial review of an agency action pursuant to chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code, to the extent necessary to decision and when presented, the reviewing court shall determine the meaning or applica-bility of the terms of an agency action and de-cide de novo all relevant questions of law, in-cluding the interpretation of constitutional and statutory provisions, and rules made by an agency. If the reviewing court determines that a statutory or regulatory provision relevant to its decision contains a gap or ambiguity, the court shall not interpret that gap or ambiguity as an implicit delegation to the agency of legislative rule making authority and shall not rely on such gap or ambiguity as a justification either for interpreting agency authority expansively or for deferring to the agency’s interpretation on the question of law. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, this section shall apply in any action for judicial review of agency action au-thorized under any provision of law. No law may exempt any such civil action from the ap-plication of this section except by specific ref-erence to this section. (b) A
GENCY DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given such term under section 311. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsection (a) shall take effect after the end of the 2-year period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Leadership of Financial Regulators 
SEC. 351. FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE COR-PORATION. 
Section 2 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1812) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘5 mem-bers’’ and all that follows through ‘‘3 of whom’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘5 members, who’’; (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) V
ACANCY .—Any vacancy on the Board of Directors shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made.’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). SEC. 352. FEDERAL HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY. 
Section 1312(b)(2) of the Federal Housing En-terprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4512) is amended by striking ‘‘for cause’’. Subtitle E—Congressional Oversight of Appropriations 
SEC. 361. BRINGING THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT IN-SURANCE CORPORATION INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) The’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) P
OWERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraph (2),’’ after ‘‘The Board of Directors of the Corpora-tion’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) O
PERATING FUND .—There is established an Operating Fund, to which Congress shall provide annual appropriations to the Corpora-tion, which shall be separate from the Deposit Insurance Fund. ‘‘(B) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Corporation shall collect assess-ments and other fees, as provided under this Act, that are designed to recover the costs to the Government of the annual appropriation to the Corporation by Congress. Subject to subpara-graph (E), the Corporation may only incur obli-gations, or allow and pay expenses, from the Operating Fund pursuant to an appropriations Act. ‘‘(C) D
EPOSITS .—Assessments and other fees described under subparagraph (B) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(i) shall be deposited in the Operating Fund; and ‘‘(ii) except as provided in subparagraph (E), shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tion Acts. ‘‘(D) C
REDITS .—Amounts deposited in the Op-erating Fund during a fiscal year shall be cred-ited as offsetting the amount appropriated to the Operating Fund for such fiscal year. ‘‘(E) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROGRAMS .— This paragraph shall not apply to the Corpora-tion’s Insurance Business Line Programs and Receivership Management Business Line Pro-grams, as in existence on the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d) of section 7 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) D
EPOSIT INSURANCE FUNDEXEMPT FROM A
PPORTIONMENT .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts received pursuant to any assessments or other fees that are deposited into the Deposit Insurance Fund shall not be subject to apportionment for the purposes of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code, or under any other authority.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to ex-penses paid and fees collected on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017. 
SEC. 362. BRINGING THE FEDERAL HOUSING FI-NANCE AGENCY INTO THE APPRO-PRIATIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1316 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1992 (12 U.S.C. 4516) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Agency shall collect assessments and other fees that are designed to recover the costs to the Government of the annual appro-priation to the Agency by Congress. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4747 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(2) O FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Assessments and other fees described under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as offset-ting collections to the account providing appro-priations to the Agency; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in ap-propriation Acts.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (f). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to ex-penses paid and assessments and other fees col-lected on or after October 1, 2017. 
SEC. 363. BRINGING THE NATIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINISTRATION INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 105 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1755) is amended— (1) by amending subsections (a) and (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
AYMENT BY FEDERAL CREDIT UNIONS TO  A
DMINISTRATION .—Each insured credit union shall pay to the Administration an annual fee. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF ASSESSMENT PERIODS  
ANDPAYMENT DATES.—The Board shall deter-mine the periods for which the fee referred to under subsection (a) shall be assessed and the date for the payment of such fee or increments thereof.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘operating’’; (3) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Administration shall collect fees other than those fees referred to under sub-section (a) from each insured credit union, as provided under this Act, in an amount stated as a percentage of insured shares of each insured credit union (which percentage shall be the same for all insured credit unions). Such fees shall be designed to recover the costs to the Gov-ernment of the annual appropriation to the Ad-ministration by Congress. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Fees de- scribed under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as offset-ting collections to the account providing appro-priations to the Administration; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in ap-propriation Acts. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR INSURANCE FUNCTIONS .— This subsection shall not apply to the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund, including assessments and other fees that are deposited into, and amounts paid from, the National Cred-it Union Share Insurance Fund.’’; and (4) by striking subsection (e). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1751 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 120(j), by striking paragraph (3); (2) by amending section 128 to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 128. NATIONAL CREDIT UNION SHARE IN-SURANCE FUND EXEMPT FROM AP-PORTIONMENT. 
‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, amounts received pursuant to any assessments or other fees that are deposited into the Na-tional Credit Union Share Insurance Fund or the Temporary Corporate Credit Union Sta-bilization Fund shall not be subject to appor-tionment for the purposes of chapter 15 of title 31, United States Code, or under any other au-thority.’’; and (3) in section 203(a), by striking ‘‘and for such administrative and other expenses incurred in carrying out the purposes of this title’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to ex-penses paid and fees collected on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017. SEC. 364. BRINGING THE OFFICE OF THE COMP-TROLLER OF THE CURRENCY INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5240A of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 16) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Sec. 5240A. The Comptroller of the Currency may collect an assessment, fee, or other charge from any entity described in sec-tion 3(q)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)(1)), as the Comptroller deter-mines is necessary or appropriate to carry out the responsibilities of the Office of the Comp-troller of the Currency. In establishing the amount of an assessment, fee, or charge col-lected from an entity under this section,’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5240A. COLLECTION OF FEES; APPROPRIA-TIONS REQUIREMENT. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In establishing the amount of an assessment, fee, or charge collected from an entity under subsection (b),’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Funds derived’’ and all that follows through the end of the section; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Comptroller of the Currency shall impose and collect assessments, fees, or other charges that are designed to recover the costs to the Government of the annual appro-priation to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency by Congress. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Assessments and other fees described under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as offset-ting collections to the account providing appro-priations to the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in ap-propriation Acts.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 5240 (12 U.S.C. 481 et seq.) of the Revised Statutes of the United States is amended by striking the fourth undesignated paragraph. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to ex-penses paid and fees collected on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017. 
SEC. 365. BRINGING THE NON-MONETARY POLICY RELATED FUNCTIONS OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FED-ERAL RESERVE SYSTEM INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Reserve Act is amended by inserting after section 11B the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 11C. APPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT FOR NON-MONETARY POLICY RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS. 
‘‘(a) A PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS OF ANNUAL APPRO -
PRIATION .—The Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System and the Federal reserve banks shall collect assessments and other fees, as provided under this Act, that are designed to recover the costs to the Government of the an-nual appropriation to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System by Congress. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem and the Federal reserve banks may only incur obligations or allow and pay expenses with respect to non-monetary policy related ad-ministrative costs pursuant to an appropriations Act. ‘‘(2) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Assessments and other fees described under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) shall be deposited and credited as offset-ting collections to the account providing appro-priations to the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System; and ‘‘(B) shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in ap-propriation Acts. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—This subsection shall only apply to the non-monetary policy related ad-ministrative costs of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) M
ONETARY POLICY .—The term ‘monetary policy’ means a strategy for producing a gen-erally acceptable exchange medium that sup-ports the productive employment of economic re-sources by reliably serving as both a unit of ac-count and store of value. ‘‘(2) N
ON-MONETARY POLICY RELATED ADMINIS -
TRATIVE COSTS .—The term ‘non-monetary policy related administrative costs’ means administra-tive costs not related to the conduct of monetary policy, and includes— ‘‘(A) direct operating expenses for supervising and regulating entities supervised and regulated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, including conducting examina-tions, conducting stress tests, communicating with the entities regarding supervisory matters and laws, and regulations; ‘‘(B) operating expenses for activities integral to carrying out supervisory and regulatory re-sponsibilities, such as training staff in the su-pervisory function, research and analysis func-tions including library subscription services, and collecting and processing regulatory reports filed by supervised institutions; and ‘‘(C) support, overhead, and pension expenses related to the items described under subpara-graphs (A) and (B).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to ex-penses paid and fees collected on or after Octo-ber 1, 2017. Subtitle F—International Processes 
SEC. 371. REQUIREMENTS FOR INTERNATIONAL PROCESSES. 
(a) B OARD OF GOVERNORS REQUIREMENTS .— Section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248), as amended by section 1007(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(w) I
NTERNATIONAL PROCESSES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF PROCESS ; CONSULTATION .—At least 30 calendar days before any member or em-ployee of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System participates in a process of set-ting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Board of Governors shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of the process, including the subject matter, scope, and goals of the proc-ess, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Board of Gov-ernors; and ‘‘(C) solicit public comment, and consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A), with respect to the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC REPORTS ON PROCESS .—After the end of any process described under paragraph (1), the Board of Governors shall issue a public report on the topics that were discussed during the process and any new or revised rulemakings or policy changes that the Board of Governors believes should be implemented as a result of the process and make the report available on the website of the Board of Governors. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENTS ; CONSULTATION .— At least 90 calendar days before any member or employee of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any for-eign or multinational entity, the Board of Gov-ernors shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of agreement to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Board of Gov-ernors; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4748 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(C) consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A) with respect to the na-ture of the agreement and any anticipated ef-fects such agreement will have on the economy. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘process’ shall include any offi-cial proceeding or meeting on financial regula-tion of a recognized international organization with authority to set financial standards on a global or regional level, including the Financial Stability Board, the Basel Committee on Bank-ing Supervision (or a similar organization), and the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors (or a similar organization).’’. (b) FDIC R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Federal De-posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 51. INTERNATIONAL PROCESSES. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE OF PROCESS ; CONSULTATION .—At least 30 calendar days before the Board of Di-rectors participates in a process of setting finan-cial standards as a part of any foreign or multi-national entity, the Board of Directors shall— ‘‘(1) issue a notice of the process, including the subject matter, scope, and goals of the proc-ess, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(2) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Corporation; and ‘‘(3) solicit public comment, and consult with the committees described under paragraph (1), with respect to the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC REPORTS ON PROCESS .—After the end of any process described under subsection (a), the Board of Directors shall issue a public report on the topics that were discussed at the process and any new or revised rulemakings or policy changes that the Board of Directors be-lieves should be implemented as a result of the process and make the report available on the website of the Corporation. ‘‘(c) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENTS ; C ONSULTA -
TION.—At least 90 calendar days before the Board of Directors participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any for-eign or multinational entity, the Board of Direc-tors shall— ‘‘(1) issue a notice of agreement to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(2) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Corporation; and ‘‘(3) consult with the committees described under paragraph (1) with respect to the nature of the agreement and any anticipated effects such agreement will have on the economy. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘process’ shall include any official proceeding or meeting on financial regulation of a recognized international organization with authority to set financial standards on a global or regional level, including the Financial Sta-bility Board, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or a similar organization), and the International Association of Insurance Super-visors (or a similar organization).’’. (c) T
REASURY REQUIREMENTS .—Section 325 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) I
NTERNATIONAL PROCESSES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF PROCESS ; CONSULTATION .—At least 30 calendar days before the Secretary par-ticipates in a process of setting financial stand-ards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of the process, including the subject matter, scope, and goals of the proc-ess, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Department of the Treasury; and ‘‘(C) solicit public comment, and consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A), with respect to the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process. ‘‘(2) PUBLIC REPORTS ON PROCESS .—After the end of any process described under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall issue a public report on the topics that were discussed at the process and any new or revised rulemakings or policy changes that the Secretary believes should be implemented as a result of the process and make the report available on the website of the De-partment of the Treasury. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENTS ; CONSULTATION .— At least 90 calendar days before the Secretary participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multi-national entity, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of agreement to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Department of the Treasury; and ‘‘(C) consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A) with respect to the na-ture of the agreement and any anticipated ef-fects such agreement will have on the economy. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘process’ shall include any offi-cial proceeding or meeting on financial regula-tion of a recognized international organization with authority to set financial standards on a global or regional level, including the Financial Stability Board, the Basel Committee on Bank-ing Supervision (or a similar organization), and the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors (or a similar organization).’’. (d) OCC R
EQUIREMENTS .—Chapter one of title LXII of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 21 et seq.) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5156B. INTERNATIONAL PROCESSES. 
‘‘(a) N OTICE OF PROCESS ; CONSULTATION .—At least 30 calendar days before the Comptroller of the Currency participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Comptroller of the Currency shall— ‘‘(1) issue a notice of the process, including the subject matter, scope, and goals of the proc-ess, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(2) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; and ‘‘(3) solicit public comment, and consult with the committees described under paragraph (1), with respect to the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process. ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC REPORTS ON PROCESS .—After the end of any process described under subsection (a), the Comptroller of the Currency shall issue a public report on the topics that were discussed at the process and any new or revised rulemakings or policy changes that the Comp-troller of the Currency believes should be imple-mented as a result of the process. ‘‘(c) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENTS ; C ONSULTA -
TION.—At least 90 calendar days before the Comptroller of the Currency participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multinational entity, the Comptroller of the Currency shall— ‘‘(1) issue a notice of agreement to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(2) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency; and ‘‘(3) consult with the committees described under paragraph (1) with respect to the nature of the agreement and any anticipated effects such agreement will have on the economy. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the term ‘process’ shall include any official proceeding or meeting on financial regulation of a recognized international organization with authority to set financial standards on a global or regional level, including the Financial Sta-bility Board, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or a similar organization), and the International Association of Insurance Super-visors (or a similar organization).’’; and (2) in the table of contents for such chapter, by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘5156B. International processes.’’. (e) S
ECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION  R
EQUIREMENTS .—Section 4 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d), as amended by section 818(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) I
NTERNATIONAL PROCESSES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF PROCESS ; CONSULTATION .—At least 30 calendar days before the Commission participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multi-national entity, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of the process, including the subject matter, scope, and goals of the proc-ess, to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Commission; and ‘‘(C) solicit public comment, and consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A), with respect to the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC REPORTS ON PROCESS .—After the end of any process described under paragraph (1), the Commission shall issue a public report on the topics that were discussed at the process and any new or revised rulemakings or policy changes that the Commission believes should be implemented as a result of the process and make the report available on the website of the Com-mission. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENTS ; CONSULTATION .— At least 90 calendar days before the Commission participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multi-national entity, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of agreement to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Commission; and ‘‘(C) consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A) with respect to the na-ture of the agreement and any anticipated ef-fects such agreement will have on the economy. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘process’ shall include any offi-cial proceeding or meeting on financial regula-tion of a recognized international organization with authority to set financial standards on a global or regional level, including the Financial Stability Board, the Basel Committee on Bank-ing Supervision (or a similar organization), and the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors (or a similar organization).’’. (f) C
OMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMIS -
SION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 2 of the Com-modity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) I
NTERNATIONAL PROCESSES .— ‘‘(1) N
OTICE OF PROCESS ; CONSULTATION .—At least 30 calendar days before the Commission participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multi-national entity, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of the process, including the subject matter, scope, and goals of the proc-ess, to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4749 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(i) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Commission; and ‘‘(C) solicit public comment, and consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A), with respect to the subject matter, scope, and goals of the process. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC REPORTS ON PROCESS .—After the end of any process described under paragraph (1), the Commission shall issue a public report on the topics that were discussed during the process and any new or revised rulemakings or policy changes that the Commission believes should be implemented as a result of the process and make the report available on the website of the Commission. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF AGREEMENTS ; CONSULTATION .— At least 90 calendar days before the Commission participates in a process of setting financial standards as a part of any foreign or multi-national entity, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) issue a notice of agreement to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Agriculture of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry of the Senate; ‘‘(B) make such notice available to the public, including on the website of the Commission; and ‘‘(C) consult with the committees described under subparagraph (A) with respect to the na-ture of the agreement and any anticipated ef-fects such agreement will have on the economy. ‘‘(4) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘process’ shall include any offi-cial proceeding or meeting on financial regula-tion of a recognized international organization with authority to set financial standards on a global or regional level, including the Financial Stability Board, the Basel Committee on Bank-ing Supervision (or a similar organization), and the International Association of Insurance Su-pervisors (or a similar organization).’’. Subtitle G—Unfunded Mandates Reform 
SEC. 381. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this subtitle: (1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given such term under section 311. (2) D
IRECT COSTS .—The term ‘‘direct costs’’ has the meaning given such term under section 421(3) of the Congressional Budget and Im-poundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 658(3)), except that— (A) in the case of a Federal intergovernmental mandate, the term means the aggregate esti-mated amounts that all State, local, and Tribal governments would incur or be required to spend or would be prohibited from raising in revenues in order to comply with the Federal intergovernmental mandate; and (B) in the case of a Federal private sector mandate, the term means the aggregate esti-mated amounts that the private sector will be re-quired to spend or could forgo in profits, includ-ing costs passed on to consumers or other enti-ties taking into account, to the extent prac-ticable, behavioral changes, in order to comply with the Federal private sector mandate. (3) O
THER DEFINITIONS .—Except as provided under paragraphs (1) and (2), the definitions under section 421 of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 shall apply to this subtitle. 
SEC. 382. APPLICATION OF THE UNFUNDED MAN-DATES REFORM ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) shall apply to the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency, the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corpora-tion, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Securities and Exchange Commission. (b) STATEMENTS TO ACCOMPANY SIGNIFICANT  R
EGULATORY ACTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise expressly prohibited by law, before promulgating any gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking or any final rule, or within six months after promulgating any final rule that was not preceded by a gen-eral notice of proposed rulemaking, if the pro-posed rulemaking or final rule includes a Fed-eral mandate that may result in an annual ef-fect on State, local, or Tribal governments, or to the private sector, in the aggregate of $100,000,000 or more in any 1 year, the agency shall prepare a written statement containing the following: (A) The text of the draft proposed rulemaking or final rule, together with the information re-quired under subsections (a) and (b)(1) of sec-tion 312, as applicable, including an explanation of the manner in which the proposed rule-making or final rule is consistent with the statu-tory requirement and avoids undue interference with State, local, and Tribal governments in the exercise of their governmental functions. (B) Estimates by the agency, if and to the ex-tent that the agency determines that accurate estimates are reasonably feasible, of— (i) the future compliance costs of the Federal mandate; and (ii) any disproportionate budgetary effects of the Federal mandate upon any particular re-gions of the nation or particular State, local, or Tribal governments, urban or rural or other types of communities, or particular segments of the private sector. (C)(i) A detailed description of the extent of the agency’s prior consultation with the private sector and elected representatives (under sub-section (c) and section 204 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1534) of the affected State, local, and tribal govern-ments. (ii) A detailed summary of the comments and concerns that were presented by the private sec-tor and State, local, or Tribal governments ei-ther orally or in writing to the agency. (iii) A detailed summary of the agency’s eval-uation of those comments and concerns. (D) A detailed summary of how the agency complied with section 312, as applicable. (2) P
REVENTION OF DUPLICATIVE REQUIRE -
MENTS .—If an agency is required to prepare a written statement under both paragraph (1) and section 202(a) of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532(a)), the agency shall prepare only one written statement that consolidates and meets the requirements of such paragraph and such section. (c) S
TATE, LOCAL, ANDTRIBAL GOVERNMENT  
ANDPRIVATE SECTOR INPUT.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each agency shall, to the ex-tent permitted in law, develop an effective proc-ess to permit impacted parties within the private sector (including small businesses) to provide meaningful and timely input in the development of regulatory proposals containing significant Federal mandates. (2) P
REVENTION OF DUPLICATIVE PROCESSES .— If an agency is required to develop a process under both paragraph (1) and section 204(a) of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1534(a)), the agency shall develop only one process that consolidates and meets the re-quirements of such paragraph and such section. (3) G
UIDELINES .—For appropriate implementa-tion of this subsection and of section 204 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, consistent with applicable laws and regulations, the fol-lowing guidelines shall be followed: — (A) Consultations shall take place as early as possible, before issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking, continue through the final rule stage, and be integrated explicitly into the rule-making process. (B) Agencies shall consult with a wide variety of State, local, and Tribal officials and impacted parties within the private sector (including small businesses). Geographic, political, and other factors that may differentiate varying points of view should be considered. (C) Agencies should estimate benefits and costs to assist with these consultations. The scope of the consultation should reflect the cost and significance of the Federal mandate being considered. (D) Agencies shall, to the extent practicable— (i) seek out the views of State, local, and Trib-al governments, and impacted parties within the private sector (including small businesses), on costs, benefits, and risks; and (ii) solicit ideas about alternative methods of compliance and potential flexibilities, and input on whether the Federal regulation will har-monize with and not duplicate similar laws in other levels of government. (E) Consultations shall address the cumu-lative impact of regulations on the affected enti-ties. (F) Agencies may accept electronic submis-sions of comments by relevant parties but may not use those comments as the sole method of satisfying the guidelines in this subsection. (d) OFFICE OF INFORMATION AND REGULATORY  A
FFAIRS RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Of-fice of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall provide meaningful guidance and oversight so that each agency’s regulations for which a writ-ten statement is required under subsection (b) and section 202 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532) are consistent with the principles and requirements of this title, as well as other applicable laws, and do not conflict with the policies or actions of an-other Federal agency (as the term ‘‘agency’’ is defined under section 551 of title 5, United States Code). If the Administrator determines that an agency’s regulations for which a writ-ten statement is required under subsection (b) and section 202 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 do not comply with such prin-ciples and requirements, are not consistent with other applicable laws, or conflict with the poli-cies or actions of another Federal agency (as the term ‘‘agency’’ is defined under section 551 of title 5, United States Code), the Administrator shall identify areas of noncompliance, notify the agency, and request that the agency comply before the agency finalizes the regulation con-cerned. (2) A
NNUAL STATEMENTS TO CONGRESS ON  
AGENCY COMPLIANCE .—The Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs shall submit to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget for inclusion in the annual report required by section 208 of the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1538) a written report detailing compliance by each agency with the requirements of this title that relate to regulations for which a written statement is required by subsection (b) and sec-tion 202 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1532), including activities un-dertaken at the request of the Administrator to improve compliance, during the preceding re-porting period. The report shall also contain an appendix detailing compliance by each agency with subsection (c) and section 204 of the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act. (e) E
XPANDED JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) A
GENCY STATEMENTS ON SIGNIFICANT REGU -
LATORY ACTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Compliance or noncompli-ance by any agency with the provisions of sub-section (b) and sections 202, 203(a)(1) and (2), and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 shall be subject to judicial review in ac-cordance with this subsection. (B) L
IMITED REVIEW OF AGENCY COMPLIANCE  
OR NONCOMPLIANCE .— (i) S
COPE OF REVIEW UNDER TITLE 5 .—Agency compliance or noncompliance with the provi-sions of subsection (b) and sections 202, 203(a)(1) and (2), and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act of 1995 shall be subject to judicial re-view under section 706(1) of title 5, United States Code, and as provided under clause (ii). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4750 June 8, 2017 
(ii) C OURT MAY COMPEL PREPARATION OF  
WRITTEN STATEMENT .—If an agency fails to pre-pare the written statement (including the prepa-ration of the estimates, analyses, statements, or descriptions) under subsection (b) and section 202 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act, pre-pare a written plan under paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 203 of the Unfunded Mandates Re-form Act, or comply with section 205 of the Un-funded Mandates Reform Act, a court may com-pel the agency to prepare such written state-ment, prepare such written plan, or comply with such section. (C) R
EVIEW OF AGENCY RULES .—In any judi-cial review under any other Federal law of an agency rule for which compliance with this sub-title is required, the inadequacy or failure to prepare required material, or to comply with provisions of subsection (b) and sections 202, 203(a)(1) and (2), and 205 of the Unfunded Man-dates Reform Act of 1995 may be used as a basis for staying, enjoining, invalidating or otherwise affecting such agency rule. (D) C
ERTAIN INFORMATION AS PART OF  
RECORD .—Any information generated under subsection (b) and sections 202, 203(a)(1) and (2), and 205 of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act of 1995 that is part of the rulemaking record for judicial review under the provisions of any other Federal law may be considered as part of the record for judicial review conducted under such other provisions of Federal law. (E) A
PPLICATION OF OTHER FEDERAL LAW .— For any petition under subparagraph (B) the provisions of such other Federal law shall con-trol all other matters, such as exhaustion of ad-ministrative remedies, the time for and manner of seeking review and venue, except that if such other Federal law does not provide a limitation on the time for filing a petition for judicial re-view that is less than 180 days, such limitation shall be 180 days after a final rule is promul-gated by the appropriate agency. (F) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This paragraph shall apply to any agency rule for which a general notice of proposed rulemaking is promulgated on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) J
UDICIAL REVIEW AND RULE OF CONSTRUC -
TION.—Except as provided in paragraph (1)— (A) any estimate, analysis, statement, descrip-tion, or report prepared under this subtitle, any compliance or noncompliance with the provi-sions of this subtitle, and any determination concerning the applicability of the provisions of this subtitle shall not be subject to judicial re-view; and (B) no provision of this subtitle shall be con-strued to create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, enforceable by any person in any administrative or judicial action. Subtitle H—Enforcement Coordination 
SEC. 391. POLICIES TO MINIMIZE DUPLICATION OF ENFORCEMENT EFFORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Each agency (as defined under section 311) shall, not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, implement policies and procedures— (1) to minimize duplication of efforts with other Federal or State authorities when bringing an administrative or judicial action against an individual or entity; (2) to establish when joint investigations, ad-ministrative actions, or judicial actions or the coordination of law enforcement activities are necessary and appropriate and in the public in-terest; and (3) to, in the course of a joint investigation, administrative action, or judicial action, estab-lish a lead agency to avoid duplication of efforts and unnecessary burdens and to ensure con-sistent enforcement, as necessary and appro-priate and in the public interest. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to preempt State law or mandate coordination by a State authority. Subtitle I—Penalties for Unauthorized Disclosures SEC. 392. CRIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHOR-IZED DISCLOSURES. 
Section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5365), as amended by section 151(b)(6)(M), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) C
RIMINAL PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED  D
ISCLOSURES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any officer or employee of a Federal department or agency, who by virtue of such officer or employee’s employment or offi-cial position, has possession of, or access to, agency records which contain individually iden-tifiable information submitted pursuant to the requirements of this section, the disclosure of which is prohibited by Federal statute, rule, or regulation, and who knowing that disclosure of the specific material is so prohibited, willfully discloses the material in any manner to any per-son or agency not entitled to receive it, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not more than $5,000. ‘‘(2) O
BTAINING RECORDS UNDER FALSE PRE -
TENSES .—Any person who knowingly and will-fully requests or obtains information described under paragraph (1) from a Federal department or agency under false pretenses shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and fined not more than $5,000. ‘‘(3) T
REATMENT OF DETERMINATIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, a determination made under subsection (d) or (i) based on indi-vidually identifiable information submitted pur-suant to the requirements of this section shall be deemed individually identifiable information, the disclosure of which is prohibited by Federal statute.’’. Subtitle J—Stop Settlement Slush Funds 
SEC. 393. LIMITATION ON DONATIONS MADE PUR-SUANT TO SETTLEMENT AGREE-MENTS TO WHICH CERTAIN DEPART-MENTS OR AGENCIES ARE A PARTY. 
(a) L IMITATION ON REQUIRED DONATIONS .—No settlement to which a department or agency is a party may direct or provide for a payment to any person who is not a victim of the alleged wrongdoing. (b) P
ENALTY .—Any Executive branch official or agent thereof who enters into or enforces a settlement in violation of subsection (a), shall be subject to the same penalties that would apply in the case of a violation of section 3302 of title 31, United States Code. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Subsections (a) and (b) apply only in the case of a settlement agreement concluded on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) The term ‘‘department or agency’’— (A) has the meaning given the term ‘‘agency’’ under section 311; and (B) means the Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Department of Justice, and the Rural Housing Service of the Depart-ment of Agriculture. (2) The term ‘‘settlement agreement’’ means a settlement agreement resolving a civil action or potential civil action, a plea agreement, a de-ferred prosecution agreement, or a non-prosecu-tion agreement. (3) The term ‘‘payment’’ means a payment or loan. (4) The term ‘‘payment to any person who is not a victim’’ means any payment other than a payment— (A) to a person who is party to the lawsuit or settlement; (B) that provides restitution for or otherwise directly remedies actual harm (including to the environment) directly and proximately caused by the party making the payment as a result of that party’s alleged wrongdoing; (C) that constitutes payment for services ren-dered in connection with the case; or (D) made pursuant to section 3663 of title 18, United States Code. TITLE IV—UNLEASHING OPPORTUNITIES FOR SMALL BUSINESSES, INNOVATORS, AND JOB CREATORS BY FACILITATING CAPITAL FORMATION Subtitle A—Small Business Mergers, Acquisi-tions, Sales, and Brokerage Simplification SEC. 401. REGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERG-ER AND ACQUISITION BROKERS. 
Section 15(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) R
EGISTRATION EXEMPTION FOR MERGER  
AND ACQUISITION BROKERS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), an M&A broker shall be exempt from registration under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUDED ACTIVITIES .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this para-graph if such broker does any of the following: ‘‘(i) Directly or indirectly, in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, receives, holds, transmits, or has custody of the funds or securities to be ex-changed by the parties to the transaction. ‘‘(ii) Engages on behalf of an issuer in a pub-lic offering of any class of securities that is reg-istered, or is required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the issuer files, or is required to file, peri-odic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(iii) Engages on behalf of any party in a transaction involving a public shell company. ‘‘(C) D
ISQUALIFICATIONS .—An M&A broker is not exempt from registration under this para-graph if such broker is subject to— ‘‘(i) suspension or revocation of registration under paragraph (4); ‘‘(ii) a statutory disqualification described in section 3(a)(39); ‘‘(iii) a disqualification under the rules adopt-ed by the Commission under section 926 of the Investor Protection and Securities Reform Act of 2010 (15 U.S.C. 77d note); or ‘‘(iv) a final order described in paragraph (4)(H). ‘‘(D) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to limit any other authority of the Commission to exempt any per-son, or any class of persons, from any provision of this title, or from any provision of any rule or regulation thereunder. ‘‘(E) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct the man-agement or policies of a company, whether through ownership of securities, by contract, or otherwise. There is a presumption of control for any person who— ‘‘(I) is a director, general partner, member or manager of a limited liability company, or offi-cer exercising executive responsibility (or has similar status or functions); ‘‘(II) has the right to vote 20 percent or more of a class of voting securities or the power to sell or direct the sale of 20 percent or more of a class of voting securities; or ‘‘(III) in the case of a partnership or limited liability company, has the right to receive upon dissolution, or has contributed, 20 percent or more of the capital. ‘‘(ii) E
LIGIBLE PRIVATELY HELD COMPANY .— The term ‘eligible privately held company’ means a privately held company that meets both of the following conditions: ‘‘(I) The company does not have any class of securities registered, or required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or with respect to which the company files, or is re-quired to file, periodic information, documents, and reports under subsection (d). ‘‘(II) In the fiscal year ending immediately be-fore the fiscal year in which the services of the M&A broker are initially engaged with respect to the securities transaction, the company meets either or both of the following conditions (deter-mined in accordance with the historical finan-cial accounting records of the company): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4751 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(aa) The earnings of the company before in-terest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization are less than $25,000,000. ‘‘(bb) The gross revenues of the company are less than $250,000,000. ‘‘(iii) M&A 
BROKER .—The term ‘M&A broker’ means a broker, and any person associated with a broker, engaged in the business of effecting se-curities transactions solely in connection with the transfer of ownership of an eligible privately held company, regardless of whether the broker acts on behalf of a seller or buyer, through the purchase, sale, exchange, issuance, repurchase, or redemption of, or a business combination in-volving, securities or assets of the eligible pri-vately held company, if the broker reasonably believes that— ‘‘(I) upon consummation of the transaction, any person acquiring securities or assets of the eligible privately held company, acting alone or in concert, will control and, directly or indi-rectly, will be active in the management of the eligible privately held company or the business conducted with the assets of the eligible pri-vately held company; and ‘‘(II) if any person is offered securities in ex-change for securities or assets of the eligible pri-vately held company, such person will, prior to becoming legally bound to consummate the transaction, receive or have reasonable access to the most recent fiscal year-end financial state-ments of the issuer of the securities as custom-arily prepared by the management of the issuer in the normal course of operations and, if the fi-nancial statements of the issuer are audited, re-viewed, or compiled, any related statement by the independent accountant, a balance sheet dated not more than 120 days before the date of the offer, and information pertaining to the management, business, results of operations for the period covered by the foregoing financial statements, and material loss contingencies of the issuer. ‘‘(iv) P
UBLIC SHELL COMPANY .—The term ‘pub-lic shell company’ is a company that at the time of a transaction with an eligible privately held company— ‘‘(I) has any class of securities registered, or required to be registered, with the Commission under section 12 or that is required to file re-ports pursuant to subsection (d); ‘‘(II) has no or nominal operations; and ‘‘(III) has— ‘‘(aa) no or nominal assets; ‘‘(bb) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or ‘‘(cc) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. ‘‘(F) I
NFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—On the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this para-graph, and every 5 years thereafter, each dollar amount in subparagraph (E)(ii)(II) shall be ad-justed by— ‘‘(I) dividing the annual value of the Employ-ment Cost Index For Wages and Salaries, Pri-vate Industry Workers (or any successor index), as published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, for the calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the adjustment is being made by the annual value of such index (or successor) for the calendar year ending December 31, 2012; and ‘‘(II) multiplying such dollar amount by the quotient obtained under subclause (I). ‘‘(ii) R
OUNDING .—Each dollar amount deter-mined under clause (i) shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $100,000.’’. 
SEC. 402. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This subtitle and any amendment made by this subtitle shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Encouraging Employee Ownership 
SEC. 406. INCREASED THRESHOLD FOR DISCLO-SURES RELATING TO COMPEN-SATORY BENEFIT PLANS. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Ex-change Commission shall revise section 230.701(e) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, so as to increase from $5,000,000 to $20,000,000 the aggregate sales price or amount of securities sold during any consecutive 12- month period in excess of which the issuer is re-quired under such section to deliver an addi-tional disclosure to investors. The Commission shall index for inflation such aggregate sales price or amount every 5 years to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, rounding to the nearest $1,000,000. Subtitle C—Small Company Disclosure Simplification SEC. 411. EXEMPTION FROM XBRL REQUIRE-MENTS FOR EMERGING GROWTH COMPANIES AND OTHER SMALLER COMPANIES. 
(a) E XEMPTION FOR EMERGING GROWTH COM-
PANIES .—Emerging growth companies are ex-empted from the requirements to use Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL) for fi-nancial statements and other periodic reporting required to be filed with the Commission under the securities laws. Such companies may elect to use XBRL for such reporting. (b) E
XEMPTION FOR OTHER SMALLER COMPA -
NIES.—Issuers with total annual gross revenues of less than $250,000,000 are exempt from the re-quirements to use XBRL for financial state-ments and other periodic reporting required to be filed with the Commission under the securi-ties laws. Such issuers may elect to use XBRL for such reporting. An exemption under this subsection shall continue in effect until— (1) the date that is five years after the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) the date that is two years after a deter-mination by the Commission, by order after con-ducting the analysis required by section 3, that the benefits of such requirements to such issuers outweigh the costs, but no earlier than three years after enactment of this Act. (c) M
ODIFICATIONS TO REGULATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall revise its regula-tions under parts 229, 230, 232, 239, 240, and 249 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to re-flect the exemptions set forth in subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 412. ANALYSIS BY THE SEC. 
The Commission shall conduct an analysis of the costs and benefits to issuers described in sec-tion 411(b) of the requirements to use XBRL for financial statements and other periodic report-ing required to be filed with the Commission under the securities laws. Such analysis shall include an assessment of— (1) how such costs and benefits may differ from the costs and benefits identified by the Commission in the order relating to interactive data to improve financial reporting (dated Janu-ary 30, 2009; 74 Fed. Reg. 6776) because of the size of such issuers; (2) the effects on efficiency, competition, cap-ital formation, and financing and on analyst coverage of such issuers (including any such ef-fects resulting from use of XBRL by investors); (3) the costs to such issuers of— (A) submitting data to the Commission in XBRL; (B) posting data on the website of the issuer in XBRL; (C) software necessary to prepare, submit, or post data in XBRL; and (D) any additional consulting services or fil-ing agent services; (4) the benefits to the Commission in terms of improved ability to monitor securities markets, assess the potential outcomes of regulatory al-ternatives, and enhance investor participation in corporate governance and promote capital formation; and (5) the effectiveness of standards in the United States for interactive filing data relative to the standards of international counterparts. SEC. 413. REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than one year after the date of en-actment of this Act, the Commission shall pro-vide the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report regarding— (1) the progress in implementing XBRL report-ing within the Commission; (2) the use of XBRL data by Commission offi-cials; (3) the use of XBRL data by investors; (4) the results of the analysis required by sec-tion 412; and (5) any additional information the Commis-sion considers relevant for increasing trans-parency, decreasing costs, and increasing effi-ciency of regulatory filings with the Commis-sion. 
SEC. 414. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this subtitle, the terms ‘‘Commis-sion’’, ‘‘emerging growth company’’, ‘‘issuer’’, and ‘‘securities laws’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). Subtitle D—Securities and Exchange Commission Overpayment Credit 
SEC. 416. REFUNDING OR CREDITING OVERPAY-MENT OF SECTION 31 FEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) O
VERPAYMENT .—If a national securities exchange or national securities association pays to the Commission an amount in excess of fees and assessments due under this section and in-forms the Commission of such amount paid in excess within 10 years of the date of the pay-ment, the Commission shall offset future fees and assessments due by such exchange or asso-ciation in an amount equal to such excess amount.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by this section shall apply to any fees and assess-ments paid before, on, or after the date of enact-ment of this section. Subtitle E—Fair Access to Investment Research 
SEC. 421. SAFE HARBOR FOR INVESTMENT FUND RESEARCH. 
(a) E XPANSION OF THE SAFE HARBOR .—Not later than the end of the 45-day period begin-ning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall pro-pose, and not later than the end of the 120-day period beginning on such date, the Commission shall adopt, upon such terms, conditions, or re-quirements as the Commission may determine necessary or appropriate in the public interest, for the protection of investors, and for the pro-motion of capital formation, revisions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to provide that a covered investment fund re-search report that is published or distributed by a broker or dealer— (1) shall be deemed, for purposes of sections 2(a)(10) and 5(c) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(10), 77e(c)), not to constitute an offer for sale or an offer to sell a security that is the subject of an offering pursuant to a reg-istration statement that is effective, even if the broker or dealer is participating or will partici-pate in the registered offering of the covered in-vestment fund’s securities; and (2) shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor provisions, for purposes of the Com-mission’s rules and regulations under the Fed-eral securities laws and the rules of any self- regulatory organization. (b) I
MPLEMENTATION OF SAFE HARBOR .—In implementing the safe harbor pursuant to sub-section (a), the Commission shall— (1) not, in the case of a covered investment fund with a class of securities in substantially 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4752 June 8, 2017 
continuous distribution, condition the safe har-bor on whether the broker’s or dealer’s publica-tion or distribution of a covered investment fund research report constitutes such broker’s or dealer’s initiation or reinitiation of research coverage on such covered investment fund or its securities; (2) not— (A) require the covered investment fund to have been registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) or subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m, 78o(d)) for any period exceeding the period of time ref-erenced under paragraph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1) of sec-tion 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions; or (B) impose a minimum float provision exceed-ing that referenced in paragraph (a)(1)(i)(A)(1)(i) of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations; (3) provide that a self-regulatory organization may not maintain or enforce any rule that would— (A) prohibit the ability of a member to publish or distribute a covered investment fund research report solely because the member is also partici-pating in a registered offering or other distribu-tion of any securities of such covered investment fund; or (B) prohibit the ability of a member to partici-pate in a registered offering or other distribution of securities of a covered investment fund solely because the member has published or distributed a covered investment fund research report about such covered investment fund or its securities; and (4) provide that a covered investment fund re-search report shall not be subject to section 24(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)) or the rules and regulations thereunder, except that such report may still be subject to such section and the rules and regula-tions thereunder to the extent that it is other-wise not subject to the content standards in the rules of any self-regulatory organization related to research reports, including those contained in the rules governing communications with the public regarding investment companies or sub-stantially similar standards. (c) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed as in any way limiting— (1) the applicability of the antifraud or antimanipulation provisions of the Federal se-curities laws and rules adopted thereunder to a covered investment fund research report, includ-ing section 17 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77q), section 34(b) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–33), and sections 9 and 10 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i, 78j); or (2) the authority of any self-regulatory orga-nization to examine or supervise a member’s practices in connection with such member’s pub-lication or distribution of a covered investment fund research report for compliance with appli-cable provisions of the Federal securities laws or self-regulatory organization rules related to re-search reports, including those contained in rules governing communications with the public. (d) I
NTERIM EFFECTIVENESS OF SAFE HAR-
BOR.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—From and after the 120-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, if the Commission has not adopted re-visions to section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, as required by subsection (a), and until such time as the Commission has done so, a broker or dealer distributing or publishing a covered investment fund research report after such date shall be able to rely on the provisions of section 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, and the broker or dealer’s publica-tion of such report shall be deemed to satisfy the conditions of subsection (a)(1) or (a)(2) of sec-tion 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, if the covered investment fund that is the subject of such report satisfies the reporting his-tory requirements (without regard to Form S–3 or Form F–3 eligibility) and minimum float pro-visions of such subsections for purposes of the Commission’s rules and regulations under the Federal securities laws and the rules of any self- regulatory organization, as if revised and imple-mented in accordance with subsections (a) and (b). (2) STATUS OF COVERED INVESTMENT FUND .— After such period and until the Commission has adopted revisions to section 230.139 and FINRA has revised rule 2210, for purposes of subsection (c)(7)(O) of such rule, a covered investment fund shall be deemed to be a security that is listed on a national securities exchange and that is not subject to section 24(b) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–24(b)). Commu-nications concerning only covered investment funds that fall within the scope of such section shall not be required to be filed with FINRA. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered investment fund re-search report’’ means a research report pub-lished or distributed by a broker or dealer about a covered investment fund or any securities issued by the covered investment fund, but not including a research report to the extent that it is published or distributed by the covered invest-ment fund or any affiliate of the covered invest-ment fund. (2) The term ‘‘covered investment fund’’ means— (A) an investment company registered under, or that has filed an election to be treated as a business development company under, the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 and that has filed a registration statement under the Securi-ties Act of 1933 for the public offering of a class of its securities, which registration statement has been declared effective by the Commission; and (B) a trust or other person— (i) issuing securities in an offering registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and which class of securities is listed for trading on a national securities exchange; (ii) the assets of which consist primarily of commodities, currencies, or derivative instru-ments that reference commodities or currencies, or interests in the foregoing; and (iii) that provides in its registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 that a class of its securities are purchased or redeemed, subject to conditions or limitations, for a ratable share of its assets. (3) The term ‘‘FINRA’’ means the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. (4) The term ‘‘research report’’ has the mean-ing given that term under section 2(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(3)), ex-cept that such term shall not include an oral communication. (5) The term ‘‘self-regulatory organization’’ has the meaning given to that term under sec-tion 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)). Subtitle F—Accelerating Access to Capital 
SEC. 426. EXPANDED ELIGIBILITY FOR USE OF FORM S–3. 
Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Ex-change Commission shall revise Form S–3— (1) so as to permit securities to be registered pursuant to General Instruction I.B.1. of such form provided that either— (A) the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-af-filiates of the registrant is $75,000,000 or more; or (B) the registrant has at least one class of common equity securities listed and registered on a national securities exchange; and (2) so as to remove the requirement of para-graph (c) from General Instruction I.B.6. of such form. Subtitle G—Enhancing the RAISE Act SEC. 431. CERTAIN ACCREDITED INVESTOR TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 4 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d)(1) The transactions referred to in sub-section (a)(7) are transactions where— ‘‘(A) each purchaser is an accredited investor, as that term is defined in section 230.501(a) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor thereto); and ‘‘(B) if any securities sold in reliance on sub-section (a)(7) are offered by means of any gen-eral solicitation or general advertising, all such sales are made through a platform available only to accredited investors. ‘‘(2) Securities sold in reliance on subsection (a)(7) shall be deemed to have been acquired in a transaction not involving any public offering. ‘‘(3) The exemption provided by this sub-section shall not be available for a transaction where the seller is— ‘‘(A) an issuer, its subsidiaries or parent; ‘‘(B) an underwriter acting on behalf of the issuer, its subsidiaries or parent, which receives compensation from the issuer with respect to such sale; or ‘‘(C) a dealer. ‘‘(4) A transaction meeting the requirements of this subsection shall be deemed not to be a dis-tribution for purposes of section 2(a)(11).’’; and (2) by striking subsection (e). Subtitle H—Small Business Credit Availability 
SEC. 436. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANY OWNERSHIP OF SECURITIES OF IN-VESTMENT ADVISERS AND CERTAIN FINANCIAL COMPANIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 60 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–59) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(a) Notwithstanding’’; (2) by striking ‘‘except that the Commission shall not’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘except that— ‘‘(1) section 12 shall not apply to the pur-chasing, otherwise acquiring, or holding by a business development company of any security issued by, or any other interest in the business of, any person who is an investment adviser reg-istered under title II of this Act, who is an in-vestment adviser to an investment company, or who is an eligible portfolio company; and ‘‘(2) the Commission shall not’’; (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) Nothing in this section shall prevent the Commission from issuing rules to address poten-tial conflicts of interest between business devel-opment companies and investment advisers.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF ELIGIBLE PORTFOLIO COM-
PANY.—Section 2(a)(46)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–2(a)(46)(B)) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘(unless it is described in paragraph (2), (3), (4), (5), (6), or (9) of such section)’’. (c) I
NVESTMENT THRESHOLD .—Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 is amended by inserting before the colon the following: ‘‘, provided that no more than 50 percent of its total assets are assets described in section 3(c)’’. 
SEC. 437. EXPANDING ACCESS TO CAPITAL FOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPA-NIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 61(a) of the Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–60(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respectively; (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), the asset coverage requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 18(a)(1) (and any related rule promulgated under this Act) applicable to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4753 June 8, 2017 
business development companies shall be 200 percent. ‘‘(2) The asset coverage requirements of sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of section 18(a)(1) and of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 18(a)(2) (and any related rule promulgated under this Act) applicable to a business development com-pany shall be 150 percent if— ‘‘(A) within five business days of the approval of the adoption of the asset coverage require-ments described in clause (ii), the business de-velopment company discloses such approval and the date of its effectiveness in a Form 8–K filed with the Commission and in a notice on its website and discloses in its periodic filings made under section 13 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m)— ‘‘(i) the aggregate value of the senior securi-ties issued by such company and the asset cov-erage percentage as of the date of such com-pany’s most recent financial statements; and ‘‘(ii) that such company has adopted the asset coverage requirements of this subparagraph and the effective date of such requirements; ‘‘(B) with respect to a business development company that issues equity securities that are registered on a national securities exchange, the periodic filings of the company under section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) include disclosures reasonably de-signed to ensure that shareholders are informed of— ‘‘(i) the amount of indebtedness and asset cov-erage ratio of the company, determined as of the date of the financial statements of the company dated on or most recently before the date of such filing; and ‘‘(ii) the principal risk factors associated with such indebtedness, to the extent such risk is in-curred by the company; and ‘‘(C)(i) the application of this paragraph to the company is approved by the required major-ity (as defined in section 57(o)) of the directors of or general partners of such company who are not interested persons of the business develop-ment company, which application shall become effective on the date that is 1 year after the date of the approval, and, with respect to a business development company that issues equity securi-ties that are not registered on a national securi-ties exchange, the company extends, to each person who is a shareholder as of the date of the approval, an offer to repurchase the equity securities held by such person as of such ap-proval date, with 25 percent of such securities to be repurchased in each of the four quarters fol-lowing such approval date; or ‘‘(ii) the company obtains, at a special or an-nual meeting of shareholders or partners at which a quorum is present, the approval of more than 50 percent of the votes cast of the applica-tion of this paragraph to the company, which application shall become effective on the date immediately after the date of the approval.’’; (3) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated), by in-serting ‘‘or which is a stock’’ after ‘‘indebted-ness’’; (4) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (4) (as redesignated)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘voting’’; and (B) by amending clause (iii) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(iii) the exercise or conversion price at the date of issuance of such warrants, options, or rights is not less than— ‘‘(I) the market value of the securities issuable upon the exercise of such warrants, options, or rights at the date of issuance of such warrants, options, or rights; or ‘‘(II) if no such market value exists, the net asset value of the securities issuable upon the exercise of such warrants, options, or rights at the date of issuance of such warrants, options, or rights; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the following shall not apply to a business development company: ‘‘(i) Subparagraphs (C) and (D) of section 18(a)(2). ‘‘(ii) Subparagraph (E) of section 18(a)(2), to the extent such subparagraph requires any pri-ority over any other class of stock as to distribu-tion of assets upon liquidation. ‘‘(iii) With respect to a senior security which is a stock, subsections (c) and (i) of section 18. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to preferred stock issued to a person who is not known by the company to be a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Invest-ment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–1 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 57— (A) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)(B)’’; and (B) in subsection (n)(2), by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)(B)’’; and (2) in section 63(3), by striking ‘‘section 61(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 61(a)(4)’’. 
SEC. 438. PARITY FOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANIES REGARDING OFFERING AND PROXY RULES. 
(a) R EVISION TO RULES.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall revise any rules to the extent necessary to allow a business development company that has filed an election pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53) to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers that are required to file reports under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m; 78o(d)). Any action that the Commission takes pursuant to this subsection shall include the following: (1) The Commission shall revise rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.405)— (A) to remove the exclusion of a business de-velopment company from the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer provided by that rule; and (B) to add registration statements filed on Form N–2 to the definition of automatic shelf registration statement provided by that rule. (2) The Commission shall revise rules 168 and 169 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.168 and 230.169) to remove the exclusion of a business development company from an issuer that can use the exemptions provided by those rules. (3) The Commission shall revise rules 163 and 163A under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.163 and 230.163A) to remove a business devel-opment company from the list of issuers that are ineligible to use the exemptions provided by those rules. (4) The Commission shall revise rule 134 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.134) to remove the exclusion of a business development company from that rule. (5) The Commission shall revise rules 138 and 139 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.138 and 230.139) to specifically include a business development company as an issuer to which those rules apply. (6) The Commission shall revise rule 164 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.164) to remove a business development company from the list of issuers that are excluded from that rule. (7) The Commission shall revise rule 433 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.433) to specifically include a business development com-pany that is a well-known seasoned issuer as an issuer to which that rule applies. (8) The Commission shall revise rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.415)— (A) to state that the registration for securities provided by that rule includes securities reg-istered by a business development company on Form N–2; and (B) to provide an exception for a business de-velopment company from the requirement that a Form N–2 registrant must furnish the under-takings required by item 34.4 of Form N–2. (9) The Commission shall revise rule 497 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.497) to include a process for a business development company to file a form of prospectus that is par-allel to the process for filing a form of pro-spectus under rule 424(b). (10) The Commission shall revise rules 172 and 173 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.172 and 230.173) to remove the exclusion of an offering of a business development company from those rules. (11) The Commission shall revise rule 418 under the Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.418) to provide that a business development company that would otherwise meet the eligi-bility requirements of General Instruction I.A of Form S–3 shall be exempt from paragraph (a)(3) of that rule. (12) The Commission shall revise rule 14a–101 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 C.F.R. 240.14a–101) to provide that a business development company that would otherwise meet the requirements of General Instruction I.A of Form S–3 shall be deemed to meet the require-ments of Form S–3 for purposes of Schedule 14A. (13) The Commission shall revise rule 103 under Regulation FD (17 C.F.R. 243.103) to pro-vide that paragraph (a) of that rule applies for purposes of Form N–2. (b) R
EVISION TO FORM N–2.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall revise Form N–2— (1) to include an item or instruction that is similar to item 12 on Form S–3 to provide that a business development company that would oth-erwise meet the requirements of Form S–3 shall incorporate by reference its reports and docu-ments filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 into its registration statement filed on Form N–2; and (2) to include an item or instruction that is similar to the instruction regarding automatic shelf offerings by well-known seasoned issuers on Form S–3 to provide that a business develop-ment company that is a well-known seasoned issuer may file automatic shelf offerings on Form N–2. (c) T
REATMENT IF REVISIONS NOTCOMPLETED  
INTIMELY MANNER .—If the Commission fails to complete the revisions required by subsections (a) and (b) by the time required by such sub-sections, a business development company shall be entitled to treat such revisions as having been completed in accordance with the actions required to be taken by the Commission by such subsections until such time as such revisions are completed by the Commission. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Any reference in this section to a rule or form means such rule or form or any successor rule or form. Subtitle I—Fostering Innovation 
SEC. 441. TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-ENUE ISSUERS. 
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-
ENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) L
OW-REVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit re-port prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth com-pany on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registra-tion statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently com-pleted fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) E
XPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMPTION .— An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4754 June 8, 2017 
described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registra-tion statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
VERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .—The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most re-cently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) E
MERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) L
ARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. Subtitle J—Small Business Capital Formation Enhancement 
SEC. 446. ANNUAL REVIEW OF GOVERNMENT- BUSINESS FORUM ON CAPITAL FOR-MATION. 
Section 503 of the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 80c–1) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) The Commission shall— ‘‘(1) review the findings and recommendations of the forum; and ‘‘(2) each time the forum submits a finding or recommendation to the Commission, promptly issue a public statement— ‘‘(A) assessing the finding or recommendation of the forum; and ‘‘(B) disclosing the action, if any, the Commis-sion intends to take with respect to the finding or recommendation.’’. Subtitle K—Helping Angels Lead Our Startups 
SEC. 451. DEFINITION OF ANGEL INVESTOR GROUP. 
As used in this subtitle, the term ‘‘angel inves-tor group’’ means any group that— (1) is composed of accredited investors inter-ested in investing personal capital in early-stage companies; (2) holds regular meetings and has defined processes and procedures for making investment decisions, either individually or among the mem-bership of the group as a whole; and (3) is neither associated nor affiliated with brokers, dealers, or investment advisers. 
SEC. 452. CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL SOLICITA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall revise Regulation D of its rules (17 C.F.R. 230.500 et seq.) to require that in carrying out the prohibi-tion against general solicitation or general ad-vertising contained in section 230.502(c) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, the prohibition shall not apply to a presentation or other com-munication made by or on behalf of an issuer which is made at an event— (1) sponsored by— (A) the United States or any territory thereof, by the District of Columbia, by any State, by a political subdivision of any State or territory, or by any agency or public instrumentality of any of the foregoing; (B) a college, university, or other institution of higher education; (C) a nonprofit organization; (D) an angel investor group; (E) a venture forum, venture capital associa-tion, or trade association; or (F) any other group, person or entity as the Securities and Exchange Commission may deter-mine by rule; (2) where any advertising for the event does not reference any specific offering of securities by the issuer; (3) the sponsor of which— (A) does not make investment recommenda-tions or provide investment advice to event attendees; (B) does not engage in an active role in any investment negotiations between the issuer and investors attending the event; (C) does not charge event attendees any fees other than administrative fees; and (D) does not receive any compensation with respect to such event that would require reg-istration of the sponsor as a broker or a dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or as an investment advisor under the Investment Ad-visers Act of 1940; and (4) where no specific information regarding an offering of securities by the issuer is commu-nicated or distributed by or on behalf of the issuer, other than— (A) that the issuer is in the process of offering securities or planning to offer securities; (B) the type and amount of securities being offered; (C) the amount of securities being offered that have already been subscribed for; and (D) the intended use of proceeds of the offer-ing. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (a) may only be construed as requiring the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission to amend the re-quirements of Regulation D with respect to pres-entations and communications, and not with re-spect to purchases or sales. Subtitle L—Main Street Growth 
SEC. 456. VENTURE EXCHANGES. 
(a) S ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Sec- tion 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(m) V
ENTURE EXCHANGE .— ‘‘(1) R
EGISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A national securities ex-change may elect to be treated (or for a listing tier of such exchange to be treated) as a venture exchange by notifying the Commission of such election, either at the time the exchange applies to be registered as a national securities ex-change or after registering as a national securi-ties exchange. ‘‘(B) D
ETERMINATION TIME PERIOD .—With re- spect to a securities exchange electing to be treated (or for a listing tier of such exchange to be treated) as a venture exchange— ‘‘(i) at the time the exchange applies to be reg-istered as a national securities exchange, such application and election shall be deemed to have been approved by the Commission unless the Commission denies such application before the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date the Commission received such application; and ‘‘(ii) after registering as a national securities exchange, such election shall be deemed to have been approved by the Commission unless the Commission denies such approval before the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date the Commission received notification of such elec-tion. ‘‘(2) P
OWERS AND RESTRICTIONS .—A venture exchange— ‘‘(A) may only constitute, maintain, or pro-vide a market place or facilities for bringing to-gether purchasers and sellers of venture securi-ties; ‘‘(B) may determine the increment to be used for quoting and trading venture securities on the exchange; ‘‘(C) shall disseminate last sale and quotation information on terms that are fair and reason-able and not unreasonably discriminatory; ‘‘(D) may choose to carry out periodic auc-tions for the sale of a venture security instead of providing continuous trading of the venture security; and ‘‘(E) may not extend unlisted trading privi-leges to any venture security. ‘‘(3) EXEMPTIONS FROM CERTAIN NATIONAL SE -
CURITY EXCHANGE REGULATIONS .—A venture ex-change shall not be required to— ‘‘(A) comply with any of sections 242.600 through 242.612 of title 17, Code of Federal Reg-ulations; ‘‘(B) comply with any of sections 242.300 through 242.303 of title 17, Code of Federal Reg-ulations; ‘‘(C) submit any data to a securities informa-tion processor; or ‘‘(D) use decimal pricing. ‘‘(4) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN EXEMPTED SECU -
RITIES .—A security that is exempt from registra-tion pursuant to section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall be exempt from section 12(a) of this title with respect to the trading of such se-curity on a venture exchange, if the issuer of such security is in compliance with all disclo-sure obligations of such section 3(b) and the reg-ulations issued under such section. ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) E
ARLY-STAGE , GROWTH COMPANY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘early-stage, growth company’ means an issuer— ‘‘(I) that has not made an initial public offer-ing of any securities of the issuer; and ‘‘(II) with a market capitalization of $1,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for in-flation every 5 years by the Commission to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest $1,000,000) or less. ‘‘(ii) T
REATMENT WHEN MARKET CAPITALIZA -
TION EXCEEDS THRESHOLD .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of an issuer that is an early-stage, growth company the se-curities of which are traded on a venture ex-change, such issuer shall not cease to be an early-stage, growth company by reason of the market capitalization of such issuer exceeding the threshold specified in clause (i)(II) until the end of the period of 24 consecutive months dur-ing which the market capitalization of such issuer exceeds $2,000,000,000 (as such amount is indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Com-mission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, setting the threshold to the nearest $1,000,000). ‘‘(II) E
XEMPTIONS .—If an issuer would cease to be an early-stage, growth company under subclause (I), the venture exchange may, at the request of the issuer, exempt the issuer from the market capitalization requirements of this sub-paragraph for the 1-year period that begins on the day after the end of the 24-month period de-scribed in such subclause. The venture exchange may, at the request of the issuer, extend the ex-emption for 1 additional year. ‘‘(B) V
ENTURE SECURITY .—The term ‘venture security’ means— ‘‘(i) securities of an early-stage, growth com-pany that are exempt from registration pursuant to section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933; and ‘‘(ii) securities of an emerging growth com-pany.’’. (b) S
ECURITIES ACT OF 1933.—Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) a venture security, as defined under sec-tion 6(m)(5) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.’’. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Securities and Exchange Com-mission should— (1) when necessary or appropriate in the pub-lic interest and consistent with the protection of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4755 June 8, 2017 
investors, make use of the Commission’s general exemptive authority under section 36 of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78mm) with respect to the provisions added by this sec-tion; and (2) if the Commission determines appropriate, create an Office of Venture Exchanges within the Commission’s Division of Trading and Mar-kets. (d) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to impair or limit the con-struction of the antifraud provisions of the secu-rities laws (as defined in section 3(a) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))) or the authority of the Securities and Exchange Commission under those provisions. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE FOR TIERS OF EXISTING  N
ATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGES .—In the case of a securities exchange that is registered as a national securities exchange under section 6 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78f) on the date of the enactment of this Act, any election for a listing tier of such exchange to be treated as a venture exchange under sub-section (m) of such section shall not take effect before the date that is 180 days after such date of enactment. Subtitle M—Micro Offering Safe Harbor 
SEC. 461. EXEMPTIONS FOR MICRO-OFFERINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) transactions meeting the requirements of subsection (e).’’; and (2) as amended by section 431(2), by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) C
ERTAIN MICRO-OFFERINGS .—The trans-actions referred to in subsection (a)(8) are trans-actions involving the sale of securities by an issuer (including all entities controlled by or under common control with the issuer) that meet all of the following requirements: ‘‘(1) P
RE-EXISTING RELATIONSHIP .—Each pur-chaser has a substantive pre-existing relation-ship with an officer of the issuer, a director of the issuer, or a shareholder holding 10 percent or more of the shares of the issuer. ‘‘(2) 35 
OR FEWER PURCHASERS .—There are no more than, or the issuer reasonably believes that there are no more than, 35 purchasers of securi-ties from the issuer that are sold in reliance on the exemption provided under subsection (a)(8) during the 12-month period preceding such transaction. ‘‘(3) S
MALL OFFERING AMOUNT .—The aggre-gate amount of all securities sold by the issuer, including any amount sold in reliance on the exemption provided under subsection (a)(8), dur-ing the 12-month period preceding such trans-action, does not exceed $500,000.’’. (b) E
XEMPTION UNDER STATE REGULATIONS .— Section 18(b)(4) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (G), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) section 4(a)(8).’’. Subtitle N—Private Placement Improvement 
SEC. 466. REVISIONS TO SEC REGULATION D. 
Not later than 45 days following the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Ex-change Commission shall revise Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 501 et seq.) in accordance with the following: (1) The Commission shall revise Form D filing requirements to require an issuer offering or selling securities in reliance on an exemption provided under Rule 506 of Regulation D to file with the Commission a single notice of sales containing the information required by Form D for each new offering of securities no earlier than 15 days after the date of the first sale of securities in the offering. The Commission shall not require such an issuer to file any notice of sales containing the information required by Form D except for the single notice described in the previous sentence. (2) The Commission shall make the informa-tion contained in each Form D filing available to the securities commission (or any agency or office performing like functions) of each State and territory of the United States and the Dis-trict of Columbia. (3) The Commission shall not condition the availability of any exemption for an issuer under Rule 506 of Regulation D (17 C.F.R. 230.506) on the issuer’s or any other person’s fil-ing with the Commission of a Form D or any similar report. (4) The Commission shall not require issuers to submit written general solicitation materials to the Commission in connection with a Rule 506(c) offering, except when the Commission requests such materials pursuant to the Commission’s authority under section 8A or section 20 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h–1 or 77t) or section 9, 10(b), 21A, 21B, or 21C of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78i, 78j(b), 78u–1, 78u–2, or 78u–3). (5) The Commission shall not extend the re-quirements contained in Rule 156 to private funds. (6) The Commission shall revise Rule 501(a) of Regulation D to provide that a person who is a ‘‘knowledgeable employee’’ of a private fund or the fund’s investment adviser, as defined in Rule 3c–5(a)(4) (17 C.F.R. 270.3c–5(a)(4)), shall be an accredited investor for purposes of a Rule 506 offering of a private fund with respect to which the person is a knowledgeable employee. Subtitle O—Supporting America’s Innovators SEC. 471. INVESTOR LIMITATION FOR QUALI-FYING VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Section 3(c)(1) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–3(c)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘one hundred persons’’ the following: ‘‘(or, with respect to a qualifying venture capital fund, 500 persons)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) The term ‘qualifying venture capital fund’ means any venture capital fund (as de-fined pursuant to section 203(l)(1) of the Invest-ment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(l)(1)) with no more than $50,000,000 in aggregate cap-ital contributions and uncalled committed cap-ital, as such dollar amount is annually adjusted by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. Subtitle P—Fix Crowdfunding 
SEC. 476. CROWDFUNDING EXEMPTION. 
(a) S ECURITIES ACT OF 1933.—Section 4(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d) is amended by striking paragraph (6) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(6) transactions involving the offer or sale of securities by an issuer, provided that— ‘‘(A) in the case of a transaction involving an intermediary between the issuer and the inves-tor, such intermediary complies with the re-quirements under section 4A(a); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a transaction not involving an intermediary between the issuer and the in-vestor, the issuer complies with the requirements under section 4A(b).’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS TO QUALIFY FOR  C
ROWDFUNDING EXEMPTION .—Section 4A of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77d–1) is amend-ed to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4A. REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SMALL TRANSACTIONS. 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENTS ON INTERMEDIARIES .—For purposes of section 4(a)(6), a person acting as an intermediary in a transaction involving the offer or sale of securities shall comply with the requirements of this subsection if the inter-mediary— ‘‘(1) warns investors, including on the intermediary’s website used for the offer and sale of such securities, of the speculative nature generally applicable to investments in startups, emerging businesses, and small issuers, includ-ing risks in the secondary market related to illiquidity; ‘‘(2) warns investors that they are subject to the restriction on sales requirement described under subsection (e); ‘‘(3) takes reasonable measures to reduce the risk of fraud with respect to such transaction; ‘‘(4) registers with the Commission and the Fi-nancial Industry Regulatory Authority, includ-ing by providing the Commission with the intermediary’s physical address, website ad-dress, and the names of the intermediary and employees of the intermediary, and keep such information up-to-date; ‘‘(5) provides the Commission with continuous investor-level access to the intermediary’s website; ‘‘(6) requires each potential investor to answer questions demonstrating— ‘‘(A) an understanding of the level of risk generally applicable to investments in startups, emerging businesses, and small issuers; ‘‘(B) an understanding of the risk of illiquidity; and ‘‘(C) such other areas as the Commission may determine appropriate by rule or regulation, in-cluding information relating to the owners’ and management’s experience, and any related party transactions and conflicts of interest; ‘‘(7) carries out a background check on the issuer’s principals; ‘‘(8) provides the Commission and potential investors with notice of the offering not less than 10 days prior to such offering, not later than the first day securities are offered to po-tential investors, including— ‘‘(A) the issuer’s name, legal status, physical address, and website address; ‘‘(B) the names of the issuer’s principals; ‘‘(C) the stated purpose and intended use of the proceeds of the offering sought by the issuer; and ‘‘(D) the target offering amount and the dead-line to reach the target offering amount; ‘‘(9) outsources cash-management functions to a qualified third party custodian, such as a broker or dealer registered under section 15(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a trust company, or an insured depository institution; ‘‘(10) makes available on the intermediary’s website a method of communication that permits the issuer and investors to communicate with one another; and ‘‘(11) provides the Commission with a notice upon completion of the offering, which shall in-clude the aggregate offering amount and the number of purchasers. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS ON ISSUERS IF NOINTER-
MEDIARY .—For purposes of section 4(a)(6), an issuer who offers or sells securities without an intermediary shall comply with the requirements of this subsection if the issuer— ‘‘(1) warns investors, including on the issuer’s website, of the speculative nature generally ap-plicable to investments in startups, emerging businesses, and small issuers, including risks in the secondary market related to illiquidity; ‘‘(2) warns investors that they are subject to the restriction on sales requirement described under subsection (e); ‘‘(3) takes reasonable measures to reduce the risk of fraud with respect to such transaction; ‘‘(4) provides the Commission with the issuer’s physical address, website address, and the names of the principals and employees of the issuers, and keeps such information up-to-date; ‘‘(5) provides the Commission with continuous investor-level access to the issuer’s website; ‘‘(6) requires each potential investor to answer questions demonstrating— ‘‘(A) an understanding of the level of risk generally applicable to investments in startups, emerging businesses, and small issuers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4756 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(B) an understanding of the risk of illiquidity; and ‘‘(C) such other areas as the Commission may determine appropriate by rule or regulation; ‘‘(7) provides the Commission with notice of the offering not less than 10 days prior to such offering, not later than the first day securities are offered to potential investors, including— ‘‘(A) the stated purpose and intended use of the proceeds of the offering sought by the issuer; and ‘‘(B) the target offering amount and the dead-line to reach the target offering amount; ‘‘(8) outsources cash-management functions to a qualified third party custodian, such as a broker or dealer registered under section 15(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a trust company, or an insured depository institution; ‘‘(9) makes available on the issuer’s website a method of communication that permits the issuer and investors to communicate with one another; ‘‘(10) does not offer personalized investment advice; ‘‘(11) provides the Commission with a notice upon completion of the offering, which shall in-clude the aggregate offering amount and the number of purchasers; and ‘‘(c) V
ERIFICATION OF INCOME .—For purposes of section 4(a)(6), an issuer or intermediary may rely on certifications as to annual income pro-vided by the person to whom the securities are sold to verify the investor’s income. ‘‘(d) I
NFORMATION AVAILABLE TO STATES .— The Commission shall make the notices de-scribed under subsections (a)(9), (a)(13), (b)(8), and (b)(13) and the information described under subsections (a)(4) and (b)(4) available to the States. ‘‘(e) R
ESTRICTION ON SALES.—With respect to a transaction involving the issuance of securi-ties described under section 4(a)(6), a purchaser may not transfer such securities during the 1- year period beginning on the date of purchase, unless such securities are sold to— ‘‘(1) the issuer of such securities; or ‘‘(2) an accredited investor. ‘‘(f) C
ONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) N
O REGISTRATION AS BROKER .—With re- spect to a transaction described under section 4(a)(6) involving an intermediary, such inter-mediary shall not be required to register as a broker under section 15(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 solely by reason of partici-pation in such transaction. ‘‘(2) N
O PRECLUSION OF OTHER CAPITAL RAIS -
ING.—Nothing in this section or section 4(a)(6) shall be construed as preventing an issuer from raising capital through methods not described under section 4(a)(6).’’. (c) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission shall issue or revise such rules as may be necessary to carry out section 4A of the Securities Act of 1933, ans amended by this Act. In issuing or revising such rules, the Commission shall consider the costs and benefits of the action. (d) D
ISQUALIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall by rule or regulation establish disqualification pro-visions under which an issuer shall not be eligi-ble to utilize the exemption under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 (as amended by this Act) based on the disciplinary history of the issuer or its predecessors, affiliates, officers, di-rectors, or persons fulfilling similar roles. The Commission shall also establish disqualification provisions under which an intermediary shall not be eligible to act as an intermediary in con-nection with an offering utilizing the exemption under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 based on the disciplinary history of the intermediary or its predecessors, affiliates, offi-cers, directors, or persons fulfilling similar roles. Such provisions shall be substantially similar to the disqualification provisions contained in the regulations adopted in accordance with section 926 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 77d note). SEC. 477. EXCLUSION OF CROWDFUNDING INVES-TORS FROM SHAREHOLDER CAP. 
Section 12(g)(5) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78l(g)(5)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(5) For the purposes’’ and in-serting: ‘‘(5) D
EFINITIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For the purposes’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION FOR PERSONS HOLDING CER -
TAIN SECURITIES .—For purposes of this sub-section, securities held by persons who purchase such securities in transactions described under section 4(a)(6) of the Securities Act of 1933 shall not be deemed to be ‘held of record’.’’. 
SEC. 478. PREEMPTION OF STATE LAW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18(b)(4)(C) of the Se-curities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4(6)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 4(a)(6)’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF THE PRESERVATION OF  S
TATE ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by section 305(a) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, as amended by subsection (a), re-late solely to State registration, documentation, and offering requirements, as described under section 18(a) of Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(a)), and shall have no impact or limitation on other State authority to take enforcement ac-tion with regard to an issuer, intermediary, or any other person or entity using the exemption from registration provided by section 4(a)(6) of such Act. Notwithstanding monetary penalties or sanctions, a State may not impose any filing or fee under such authority. (2) C
LARIFICATION OF STATE JURISDICTION  
OVER UNLAWFUL CONDUCT OF INTERMEDIARIES , 
ISSUERS , AND CUSTODIANS .—Section 18(c)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 is amended by striking ‘‘in connection with securities or securities transactions’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘in connection with securities or securities transactions, with respect to— ‘‘(A) fraud or deceit; ‘‘(B) unlawful conduct by a broker or dealer; and ‘‘(C) with respect to a transaction described under section 4(a)(6), unlawful conduct by an intermediary, issuer, or custodian.’’. 
SEC. 479. TREATMENT OF FUNDING PORTALS. 
Section 5312(c) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) F
UNDING PORTALS NOT INCLUDED IN DEFI -
NITION .—The term ‘financial institution’ (as de-fined in subsection (a)) does not include a fund-ing portal (as defined under section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))).’’. Subtitle Q—Corporate Governance Reform and Transparency 
SEC. 481. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) S ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Sec- tion 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(83) P
ROXY ADVISORY FIRM .—The term ‘proxy advisory firm’ means any person who is pri-marily engaged in the business of providing proxy voting research, analysis, or recommenda-tions to clients, which conduct constitutes a so-licitation within the meaning of section 14 and the Commission’s rules and regulations there-under, except to the extent that the person is ex-empted by such rules and regulations from re-quirements otherwise applicable to persons en-gaged in a solicitation. ‘‘(84) P
ERSON ASSOCIATED WITH A PROXY ADVI -
SORY FIRM .—The term ‘person associated with’ a proxy advisory firm means any partner, officer, or director of a proxy advisory firm (or any per-son occupying a similar status or performing similar functions), any person directly or indi-rectly controlling, controlled by, or under com-mon control with a proxy advisory firm, or any employee of a proxy advisory firm, except that persons associated with a proxy advisory firm whose functions are clerical or ministerial shall not be included in the meaning of such term. The Commission may by rules and regulations classify, for purposes or any portion or portions of this Act, persons, including employees con-trolled by a proxy advisory firm.’’. (b) APPLICABLE DEFINITIONS .—As used in this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission; and (2) the term ‘‘proxy advisory firm’’ has the same meaning as in section 3(a)(83) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934, as added by this subtitle. 
SEC. 482. REGISTRATION OF PROXY ADVISORY FIRMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by inserting after section 15G the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 15H. REGISTRATION OF PROXY ADVISORY FIRMS. 
‘‘(a) C ONDUCT PROHIBITED .—It shall be un-lawful for a proxy advisory firm to make use of the mails or any means or instrumentality of interstate commerce to provide proxy voting re-search, analysis, or recommendations to any cli-ent, unless such proxy advisory firm is reg-istered under this section. ‘‘(b) R
EGISTRATION PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(1) A
PPLICATION FOR REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A proxy advisory firm must file with the Commission an application for reg-istration, in such form as the Commission shall require, by rule or regulation, and containing the information described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—An applica-tion for registration under this section shall contain information regarding— ‘‘(i) a certification that the applicant has ade-quate financial and managerial resources to consistently provide proxy advice based on ac-curate information; ‘‘(ii) the procedures and methodologies that the applicant uses in developing proxy voting recommendations, including whether and how the applicant considers the size of a company when making proxy voting recommendations; ‘‘(iii) the organizational structure of the ap-plicant; ‘‘(iv) whether or not the applicant has in ef-fect a code of ethics, and if not, the reasons therefor; ‘‘(v) any potential or actual conflict of inter-est relating to the ownership structure of the applicant or the provision of proxy advisory services by the applicant, including whether the proxy advisory firm engages in services ancil-lary to the provision of proxy advisory services such as consulting services for corporate issuers, and if so the revenues derived therefrom; ‘‘(vi) the policies and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest under subsection (f); and ‘‘(vii) any other information and documents concerning the applicant and any person associ-ated with such applicant as the Commission, by rule, may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of in-vestors. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
NITIAL DETERMINATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the application for registration is filed with the Commission under paragraph (1) (or within such longer pe-riod as to which the applicant consents) the Commission shall— ‘‘(i) by order, grant registration; or ‘‘(ii) institute proceedings to determine wheth-er registration should be denied. ‘‘(B) C
ONDUCT OF PROCEEDINGS .— ‘‘(i) C
ONTENT .—Proceedings referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) shall— ‘‘(I) include notice of the grounds for denial under consideration and an opportunity for hearing; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4757 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(II) be concluded not later than 120 days after the date on which the application for reg-istration is filed with the Commission under paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) D
ETERMINATION .—At the conclusion of such proceedings, the Commission, by order, shall grant or deny such application for reg-istration. ‘‘(iii) E
XTENSION AUTHORIZED .—The Commis-sion may extend the time for conclusion of such proceedings for not longer than 90 days, if it finds good cause for such extension and pub-lishes its reasons for so finding, or for such longer period as to which the applicant con-sents. ‘‘(C) G
ROUNDS FOR DECISION .—The Commis-sion shall grant registration under this sub-section— ‘‘(i) if the Commission finds that the require-ments of this section are satisfied; and ‘‘(ii) unless the Commission finds (in which case the Commission shall deny such registra-tion) that— ‘‘(I) the applicant has failed to certify to the Commission’s satisfaction that it has adequate financial and managerial resources to consist-ently provide proxy advice based on accurate in-formation and to materially comply with the procedures and methodologies disclosed under paragraph (1)(B) and with subsections (f) and (g); or ‘‘(II) if the applicant were so registered, its registration would be subject to suspension or revocation under subsection (e). ‘‘(3) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— Subject to section 24, the Commission shall make the information and documents submitted to the Commission by a proxy advisory firm in its com-pleted application for registration, or in any amendment submitted under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (c), publicly available on the Commission’s website, or through another com-parable, readily accessible means. ‘‘(c) U
PDATE OF REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) U
PDATE .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall promptly amend and update its appli-cation for registration under this section if any information or document provided therein be-comes materially inaccurate, except that a reg-istered proxy advisory firm is not required to amend the information required to be filed under subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) by filing informa-tion under this paragraph, but shall amend such information in the annual submission of the organization under paragraph (2) of this subsection. ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 cal-endar days after the end of each calendar year, each registered proxy advisory firm shall file with the Commission an amendment to its reg-istration, in such form as the Commission, by rule, may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of in-vestors— ‘‘(A) certifying that the information and doc-uments in the application for registration of such registered proxy advisory firm continue to be accurate in all material respects; and ‘‘(B) listing any material change that oc-curred to such information or documents during the previous calendar year. ‘‘(d) C
ENSURE , DENIAL , ORSUSPENSION OF  R
EGISTRATION ; N OTICE AND HEARING .—The Commission, by order, shall censure, place limi-tations on the activities, functions, or oper-ations of, suspend for a period not exceeding 12 months, or revoke the registration of any reg-istered proxy advisory firm if the Commission finds, on the record after notice and oppor-tunity for hearing, that such censure, placing of limitations, suspension, or revocation is nec-essary for the protection of investors and in the public interest and that such registered proxy advisory firm, or any person associated with such an organization, whether prior to or subse-quent to becoming so associated— ‘‘(1) has committed or omitted any act, or is subject to an order or finding, enumerated in subparagraph (A), (D), (E), (H), or (G) of sec-tion 15(b)(4), has been convicted of any offense specified in section 15(b)(4)(B), or is enjoined from any action, conduct, or practice specified in subparagraph (C) of section 15(b)(4), during the 10-year period preceding the date of com-mencement of the proceedings under this sub-section, or at any time thereafter; ‘‘(2) has been convicted during the 10-year pe-riod preceding the date on which an application for registration is filed with the Commission under this section, or at any time thereafter, of— ‘‘(A) any crime that is punishable by impris-onment for one or more years, and that is not described in section 15(b)(4)(B); or ‘‘(B) a substantially equivalent crime by a for-eign court of competent jurisdiction; ‘‘(3) is subject to any order of the Commission barring or suspending the right of the person to be associated with a registered proxy advisory firm; ‘‘(4) fails to furnish the certifications required under subsections (b)(2)(C)(ii)(I) and (c)(2); ‘‘(5) has engaged in one or more prohibited acts enumerated in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(6) fails to maintain adequate financial and managerial resources to consistently offer advi-sory services with integrity, including by failing to comply with subsections (f) or (g). ‘‘(e) TERMINATION OF REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(1) V
OLUNTARY WITHDRAWAL .—A registered proxy advisory firm may, upon such terms and conditions as the Commission may establish as necessary in the public interest or for the pro-tection of investors, which terms and conditions shall include at a minimum that the registered proxy advisory firm will no longer conduct such activities as to bring it within the definition of proxy advisory firm in section 3(a)(83) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934, withdraw from registration by filing a written notice of with-drawal to the Commission. ‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY .—In addition to any other authority of the Commission under this title, if the Commission finds that a reg-istered proxy advisory firm is no longer in exist-ence or has ceased to do business as a proxy ad-visory firm, the Commission, by order, shall can-cel the registration under this section of such registered proxy advisory firm. ‘‘(f) M
ANAGEMENT OF CONFLICTS OF INTER-
EST.— ‘‘(1) O
RGANIZATION POLICIES AND PROCE -
DURES .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures reasonably designed, taking into consideration the nature of the busi-ness of such registered proxy advisory firm and associated persons, to address and manage any conflicts of interest that can arise from such business. ‘‘(2) C
OMMISSION AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sion shall issue final rules to prohibit, or require the management and disclosure of, any conflicts of interest relating to the offering of proxy advi-sory services by a registered proxy advisory firm, including, without limitation, conflicts of inter-est relating to— ‘‘(A) the manner in which a registered proxy advisory firm is compensated by the client, or any affiliate of the client, for providing proxy advisory services; ‘‘(B) the provision of consulting, advisory, or other services by a registered proxy advisory firm, or any person associated with such reg-istered proxy advisory firm, to the client; ‘‘(C) business relationships, ownership inter-ests, or any other financial or personal interests between a registered proxy advisory firm, or any person associated with such registered proxy ad-visory firm, and any client, or any affiliate of such client; ‘‘(D) transparency around the formulation of proxy voting policies; ‘‘(E) the execution of proxy votes if such votes are based upon recommendations made by the proxy advisory firm in which someone other than the issuer is a proponent; ‘‘(F) issuing recommendations where proxy advisory firms provide advisory services to a company; and ‘‘(G) any other potential conflict of interest, as the Commission deems necessary or appro-priate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(g) RELIABILITY OF PROXY ADVISORY FIRM S
ERVICES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each registered proxy advi-sory firm shall have staff sufficient to produce proxy voting recommendations that are based on accurate and current information. Each reg-istered proxy advisory firm shall detail proce-dures sufficient to permit companies receiving proxy advisory firm recommendations access in a reasonable time to the draft recommendations, with an opportunity to provide meaningful com-ment thereon, including the opportunity to present details to the person responsible for de-veloping the recommendation in person or tele-phonically. Each registered proxy advisory firm shall employ an ombudsman to receive com-plaints about the accuracy of voting informa-tion used in making recommendations from the subjects of the proxy advisory firm’s voting rec-ommendations, and shall resolve those com-plaints in a timely fashion and in any event prior to voting on the matter to which the rec-ommendation relates. ‘‘(2) D
RAFT RECOMMENDATIONS DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘draft rec-ommendations’— ‘‘(A) means the overall conclusions of proxy voting recommendations prepared for the clients of a proxy advisory firm, including any public data cited therein, any company information or substantive analysis impacting the recommenda-tion, and the specific voting recommendations on individual proxy ballot issues; and ‘‘(B) does not include the entirety of the proxy advisory firm’s final report to its clients. ‘‘(h) D
ESIGNATION OF COMPLIANCE OFFICER .— Each registered proxy advisory firm shall des-ignate an individual responsible for admin-istering the policies and procedures that are re-quired to be established pursuant to subsections (f) and (g), and for ensuring compliance with the securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, including those promulgated by the Commission pursuant to this section. ‘‘(i) P
ROHIBITED CONDUCT .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED ACTS AND PRACTICES .—The Commission shall issue final rules to prohibit any act or practice relating to the offering of proxy advisory services by a registered proxy advisory firm that the Commission determines to be unfair or coercive, including any act or prac-tice relating to— ‘‘(A) conditioning a voting recommendation or other proxy advisory firm recommendation on the purchase by an issuer or an affiliate thereof of other services or products, of the registered proxy advisory firm or any person associated with such registered proxy advisory firm; and ‘‘(B) modifying a voting recommendation or otherwise departing from its adopted systematic procedures and methodologies in the provision of proxy advisory services, based on whether an issuer, or affiliate thereof, subscribes or will subscribe to other services or product of the reg-istered proxy advisory firm or any person associ-ated with such organization. ‘‘(2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in paragraph (1), or in any rules or regulations adopted thereunder, may be construed to mod-ify, impair, or supersede the operation of any of the antitrust laws (as defined in the first section of the Clayton Act, except that such term in-cludes section 5 of the Federal Trade Commis-sion Act, to the extent that such section 5 ap-plies to unfair methods of competition). ‘‘(j) S
TATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION .— Each registered proxy advisory firm shall, on a confidential basis, file with the Commission, at intervals determined by the Commission, such fi-nancial statements, certified (if required by the rules or regulations of the Commission) by an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4758 June 8, 2017 
independent public auditor, and information concerning its financial condition, as the Com-mission, by rule, may prescribe as necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the pro-tection of investors. ‘‘(k) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall, at the beginning of each fis-cal year of such firm, report to the Commission on the number of shareholder proposals its staff reviewed in the prior fiscal year, the number of recommendations made in the prior fiscal year, the number of staff who reviewed and made rec-ommendations on such proposals in the prior fiscal year, and the number of recommendations made in the prior fiscal year where the pro-ponent of such recommendation was a client of or received services from the proxy advisory firm. ‘‘(l) T
RANSPARENT POLICIES .—Each registered proxy advisory firm shall file with the Commis-sion and make publicly available its method-ology for the formulation of proxy voting poli-cies and voting recommendations. ‘‘(m) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) N
O WAIVER OF RIGHTS , PRIVILEGES , OR DE -
FENSES .—Registration under and compliance with this section does not constitute a waiver of, or otherwise diminish, any right, privilege, or defense that a registered proxy advisory firm may otherwise have under any provision of State or Federal law, including any rule, regu-lation, or order thereunder. ‘‘(2) N
O PRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as creating any private right of action, and no report filed by a registered proxy advisory firm in accordance with this section or section 17 shall create a pri-vate right of action under section 18 or any other provision of law. ‘‘(n) R
EGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) N
EW PROVISIONS .—Such rules and regula-tions as are required by this section or are oth-erwise necessary to carry out this section, in-cluding the application form required under subsection (a)— ‘‘(A) shall be issued by the Commission, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(B) shall become effective not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section. ‘‘(2) R
EVIEW OF EXISTING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) review its existing rules and regulations which affect the operations of proxy advisory firms; ‘‘(B) amend or revise such rules and regula-tions in accordance with the purposes of this section, and issue such guidance, as the Com-mission may prescribe as necessary or appro-priate in the public interest or for the protection of investors; and ‘‘(C) direct Commission staff to withdraw the Egan Jones Proxy Services (May 27, 2004) and Institutional Shareholder Services, Inc. (Sep-tember 15, 2004) no-action letters. ‘‘(o) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section, other than subsection (n), which shall apply on the date of enactment of this section, shall apply on the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date on which regulations are issued in final form under subsection (n)(1); or ‘‘(2) 270 days after the date of enactment of this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 17(a)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78q(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘proxy advisory firm,’’ after ‘‘nationally recog-nized statistical rating organization,’’. 
SEC. 483. COMMISSION ANNUAL REPORT. 
The Commission shall make an annual report publicly available on the Commission’s Internet website. Such report shall, with respect to the year to which the report relates— (1) identify applicants for registration under section 15H of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as added by this subtitle; (2) specify the number of and actions taken on such applications; (3) specify the views of the Commission on the state of competition, transparency, policies and methodologies, and conflicts of interest among proxy advisory firms; (4) include the determination of the Commis-sion with regard to— (A) the quality of proxy advisory services issued by proxy advisory firms; (B) the financial markets; (C) competition among proxy advisory firms; (D) the incidence of undisclosed conflicts of interest by proxy advisory firms; (E) the process for registering as a proxy advi-sory firm; and (F) such other matters relevant to the imple-mentation of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle, as the Commission deter-mines necessary to bring to the attention of the Congress; (5) identify problems, if any, that have re-sulted from the implementation of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle; and (6) recommend solutions, including any legis-lative or regulatory solutions, to any problems identified under paragraphs (4) and (5). Subtitle R—Senior Safe SEC. 491. IMMUNITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act Officer’’ means an individual responsible for ensuring compliance with the requirements mandated by subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code; (2) the term ‘‘broker-dealer’’ means a broker or dealer, as those terms are defined, respec-tively, in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)); (3) the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means— (A) a State financial regulatory agency, in-cluding a State securities or law enforcement authority and a State insurance regulator; (B) each of the Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies; (C) the Securities and Exchange Commission; (D) a law enforcement agency; (E) and State or local agency responsible for administering adult protective service laws; and (F) a State attorney general. (4) the term ‘‘covered financial institution’’ means— (A) a credit union; (B) a depository institution; (C) an investment advisor; (D) a broker-dealer; (E) an insurance company; (F) a State attorney general; and (G) a transfer agent. (5) the term ‘‘credit union’’ means a Federal credit union, State credit union, or State-char-tered credit union, as those terms are defined in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1752); (6) the term ‘‘depository institution’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(c) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(c)); (7) the term ‘‘exploitation’’ means the fraudu-lent or otherwise illegal, unauthorized, or im-proper act or process of an individual, including a caregiver or fiduciary, that— (A) uses the resources of a senior citizen for monetary personal benefit, profit, or gain; or (B) results in depriving a senior citizen of rightful access to or use of benefits, resources, belongings or assets; (8) the term ‘‘Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1003 of the Federal Financial In-stitutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3302); (9) the term ‘‘investment adviser’’ has the meaning given the term in section 202 of the In-vestment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2); (10) the term ‘‘insurance company’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(a) of the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 2(a)); (11) the term ‘‘registered representative’’ means an individual who represents a broker- dealer in effecting or attempting to affect a pur-chase or sale of securities; (12) the term ‘‘senior citizen’’ means an indi-vidual who is not less than 65 years of age; (13) the term ‘‘State insurance regulator’’ has the meaning given such term in section 315 of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6735); (14) the term ‘‘State securities or law enforce-ment authority’’ has the meaning given the term in section 24(f)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78x(f)(4)); and (15) the term ‘‘transfer agent’’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 3(a) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)). (b) IMMUNITY FROMSUIT.— (1) I
MMUNITY FOR INDIVIDUALS .—An indi- vidual who has received the training described in section 492 shall not be liable, including in any civil or administrative proceeding, for dis-closing the possible exploitation of a senior cit-izen to a covered agency if the individual, at the time of the disclosure— (A) served as a supervisor, compliance officer (including a Bank Secrecy Act Officer), or reg-istered representative for a covered financial in-stitution; and (B) made the disclosure with reasonable care including reasonable efforts to avoid disclosure other than to a covered agency. (2) I
MMUNITY FOR COVERED FINANCIAL INSTI -
TUTIONS .—A covered financial institution shall not be liable, including in any civil or adminis-trative proceeding, for a disclosure made by an individual described in paragraph (1) if— (A) the individual was employed by, or, in the case of a registered representative, affiliated or associated with, the covered financial institu-tion at the time of the disclosure; and (B) before the time of the disclosure, the cov-ered financial institution provided the training described in section 492 to each individual de-scribed in section 492(a). 
SEC. 492. TRAINING REQUIRED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A covered financial institu-tion may provide training described in sub-section (b)(1) to each officer or employee of, or registered representative affiliated or associated with, the covered financial institution who— (1) is described in section 491(b)(1)(A); (2) may come into contact with a senior citizen as a regular part of the duties of the officer, em-ployee, or registered representative; or (3) may review or approve the financial docu-ments, records, or transactions of a senior cit-izen in connection with providing financial services to a senior citizen. (b) T
RAINING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The training described in this paragraph shall— (A) instruct any individual attending the training on how to identify and report the sus-pected exploitation of a senior citizen; (B) discuss the need to protect the privacy and respect the integrity of each individual cus-tomer of a covered financial institution; and (C) be appropriate to the job responsibilities of the individual attending the training. (2) T
IMING .—The training required under sub-section (a) shall be provided as soon as reason-ably practicable but not later than 1 year after the date on which an officer, employee, or reg-istered representative begins employment with or becomes affiliated or associated with the covered financial institution. (3) B
ANK SECRECY ACT OFFICER .—An indi- vidual who is designated as a compliance officer under an anti-money laundering program estab-lished pursuant to section 5318(h) of title 31, United States Code, shall be deemed to have re-ceived the training described under this sub-section. 
SEC. 493. RELATIONSHIP TO STATE LAW. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to pre-empt or limit any provision of State law, except 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4759 June 8, 2017 
only to the extent that section 491 provides a greater level of protection against liability to an individual described in section 491(b)(1) or to a covered financial institution described in section 491(b)(2) than is provided under State law. Subtitle S—National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity 
SEC. 496. APPLICATION OF EXEMPTION. 
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(1)), as amended by section 456(b), is further amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A); (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘that the Commission determines by rule (on its own ini-tiative or on the basis of a petition) are substan-tially similar to the listing standards applicable to securities described in subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘that have been approved by the Commission’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or (B)’’; and (4) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), re-spectively. Subtitle T—Private Company Flexibility and Growth 
SEC. 497. SHAREHOLDER THRESHOLD FOR REG-ISTRATION. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 12(g)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘register such security’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, not later than 120 days after the last day of its first fiscal year ended after the effective date of this subsection on which the issuer has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 (or such great-er amount of assets as the Commission may es-tablish by rule) and a class of equity security (other than an exempted security) held of record by 2,000 or more persons (or such greater num-ber of persons as the Commission may establish by rule), register such security’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The dollar figure in this paragraph shall be indexed for inflation every 5 years by the Commission to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bu-reau of Labor Statistics, rounded to the nearest $100,000.’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘300 per-sons’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1,200 per-sons persons’’ and inserting ‘‘1,200 persons’’; and (2) in section 15(d)(1), by striking ‘‘300 per-sons’’ and all that follows through ‘‘1,200 per-sons persons’’ and inserting ‘‘1,200 persons’’. Subtitle U—Small Company Capital Formation Enhancements 
SEC. 498. JOBS ACT-RELATED EXEMPTION. 
Section 3(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77c(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$75,000,000, ad-justed for inflation by the Commission every 2 years to the nearest $10,000 to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Con-sumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statis-tics’’; and (2) in paragraph (5)— (A) by striking ‘‘such amount as’’ and insert-ing: ‘‘such amount, in addition to the adjust-ment for inflation provided for under such para-graph (2)(A), as’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such amount, it’’ and insert-ing ‘‘such amount, in addition to the adjust-ment for inflation provided for under such para-graph (2)(A), it’’. Subtitle V—Encouraging Public Offerings 
SEC. 499. EXPANDING TESTING THE WATERS AND CONFIDENTIAL SUBMISSIONS. 
The Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5(d), by striking ‘‘an emerging growth company or any person authorized to act on behalf of an emerging growth company’’ and inserting ‘‘an issuer or any person author-ized to act on behalf of an issuer’’; and (2) in section 6(e)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘EMERGING  G
ROWTH COMPANIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘D RAFT R
EGISTRATION STATEMENTS ’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any issuer, prior to its ini-tial public offering date, may confidentially sub-mit to the Commission a draft registration state-ment, for confidential nonpublic review by the staff of the Commission prior to public filing, provided that the initial confidential submission and all amendments thereto shall be publicly filed with the Commission not later than 15 days before the date on which the issuer conducts a road show, as such term is defined in section 230.433(h)(4) of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, or any successor thereto.’’. TITLE V—REGULATORY RELIEF FOR MAIN STREET AND COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS Subtitle A—Preserving Access to Manufactured Housing 
SEC. 501. MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR DEFINITION. 
Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (cc) and subsection (dd) as subsections (dd) and (ee), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (2)(C) of subsection (dd), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘an employee of a retailer of manufactured homes who is not de-scribed in clause (i) or (iii) of subparagraph (A) and who does not advise a consumer on loan terms (including rates, fees, and other costs)’’ and inserting ‘‘a retailer of manufactured or modular homes or its employees unless such re-tailer or its employees receive compensation or gain for engaging in activities described in sub-paragraph (A) that is in excess of any com-pensation or gain received in a comparable cash transaction’’. 
SEC. 502. HIGH-COST MORTGAGE DEFINITION. 
Section 103 of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1602), as amended by section 501, is fur-ther amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (aa) (relating to disclosure of greater amount or percentage), as so designated by section 1100A of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as sub-section (bb); (2) by redesignating subsection (bb) (relating to high cost mortgages), as so designated by sec-tion 1100A of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as subsection (aa), and moving such subsection to immediately follow subsection (z); and (3) in subsection (aa)(1)(A), as so redesig-nated— (A) in clause (i)(I), by striking ‘‘(8.5 percent-age points, if the dwelling is personal property and the transaction is for less than $50,000)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10 percentage points if the dwelling is personal property or is a transaction that does not include the purchase of real prop-erty on which a dwelling is to be placed, and the transaction is for less than $75,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Consumer Law En-forcement Agency to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index))’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) in the case of a transaction for less than $75,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index) in which the dwelling is personal property (or is a consumer credit transaction that does not in-clude the purchase of real property on which a dwelling is to be placed) the greater of 5 percent of the total transaction amount or $3,000 (as such amount is adjusted by the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency to reflect the change in the Consumer Price Index); or’’. Subtitle B—Mortgage Choice SEC. 506. DEFINITION OF POINTS AND FEES. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO SECTION 103 OFTILA.— Paragraph (4) of section 103(aa) of the Truth in Lending Act, as redesignated by section 502, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) and section 129C’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and insurance’’ after ‘‘taxes’’; (B) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘, except as re-tained by a creditor or its affiliate as a result of their participation in an affiliated business ar-rangement (as defined in section 3(7) of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2602(7)),’’ after ‘‘compensation’’; and (C) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) the charge is— ‘‘(I) a bona fide third-party charge not re-tained by the mortgage originator, creditor, or an affiliate of the creditor or mortgage origi-nator; or ‘‘(II) a charge set forth in section 106(e)(1);’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘accident,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or any payments’’ and insert-ing ‘‘and any payments’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO SECTION 129C OFTILA.— Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5)(C), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage origi-nator’’ and inserting ‘‘103(aa)(4)’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘103’’ and all that follows through ‘‘or mortgage origi-nator)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(aa)(4)’’. Subtitle C—Financial Institution Customer Protection 
SEC. 511. REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPOSIT AC-COUNT TERMINATION REQUESTS AND ORDERS. 
(a) T ERMINATION REQUESTS OR ORDERS MUST B
EMATERIAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An appropriate Federal banking agency may not formally or informally request or order a depository institution to ter-minate a specific customer account or group of customer accounts or to otherwise restrict or dis-courage a depository institution from entering into or maintaining a banking relationship with a specific customer or group of customers un-less— (A) the agency has a material reason for such request or order; and (B) such reason is not based solely on reputa-tion risk. (2) T
REATMENT OF NATIONAL SECURITY  
THREATS .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency believes a specific customer or group of customers is, or is acting as a conduit for, an entity which— (A) poses a threat to national security, (B) is involved in terrorist financing, (C) is an agency of the government of Iran, North Korea, Syria, or any country listed from time to time on the State Sponsors of Terrorism list, (D) is located in, or is subject to the jurisdic-tion of, any country specified in subparagraph (C), or (E) does business with any entity described in subparagraph (C) or (D), unless the appropriate Federal banking agency determines that the customer or group of customers has used due diligence to avoid doing business with any enti-ty described in subparagraph (C) or (D), such belief shall satisfy the requirement under paragraph (1). (b) N
OTICE REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency formally or informally requests or orders a depository institution to terminate a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4760 June 8, 2017 
specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the agency shall— (A) provide such request or order to the insti-tution in writing; and (B) accompany such request or order with a written justification for why such termination is needed, including any specific laws or regula-tions the agency believes are being violated by the customer or group of customers, if any. (2) J
USTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A justifica-tion described under paragraph (1)(B) may not be based solely on the reputation risk to the de-pository institution. (c) C
USTOMER NOTICE .— (1) N
OTICE REQUIRED .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), if an appropriate Federal banking agency orders a depository institution to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts, the depository in-stitution shall inform the customer or customers of the justification for the customer’s account termination described under subsection (b). (2) N
OTICE PROHIBITED IN CASES OF NATIONAL  
SECURITY .—If an appropriate Federal banking agency requests or orders a depository institu-tion to terminate a specific customer account or a group of customer accounts based on a belief that the customer or customers pose a threat to national security, or are otherwise described under subsection (a)(2), neither the depository institution nor the appropriate Federal banking agency may inform the customer or customers of the justification for the customer’s account ter-mination. (d) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Each appro-priate Federal banking agency shall issue an annual report to the Congress stating— (1) the aggregate number of specific customer accounts that the agency requested or ordered a depository institution to terminate during the previous year; and (2) the legal authority on which the agency relied in making such requests and orders and the frequency on which the agency relied on each such authority. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’ means— (A) the appropriate Federal banking agency, as defined under section 3 of the Federal De-posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) the National Credit Union Administration, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘de-pository institution’’ means— (A) a depository institution, as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813); and (B) an insured credit union. 
SEC. 512. AMENDMENTS TO THE FINANCIAL IN-STITUTIONS REFORM, RECOVERY, AND ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 1989. 
Section 951 of the Financial Institutions Re-form, Recovery, and Enforcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1833a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘affecting a federally insured financial institution’’ and inserting ‘‘against a federally insured financial institution or by a federally insured financial institution against an unaffiliated third per-son’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘S
UBPOENAS ’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NVESTIGATIONS ’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (1)(C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) summon witnesses and require the pro-duction of any books, papers, correspondence, memoranda, or other records which the Attor-ney General deems relevant or material to the inquiry, if the Attorney General— ‘‘(i) requests a court order from a court of competent jurisdiction for such actions and of-fers specific and articulable facts showing that there are reasonable grounds to believe that the information or testimony sought is relevant and material for conducting an investigation under this section; or ‘‘(ii) either personally or through delegation no lower than the Deputy Attorney General, issues and signs a subpoena for such actions and such subpoena is supported by specific and articulable facts showing that there are reason-able grounds to believe that the information or testimony sought is relevant for conducting an investigation under this section.’’. Subtitle D—Portfolio Lending and Mortgage Access SEC. 516. SAFE HARBOR FOR CERTAIN LOANS HELD ON PORTFOLIO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 129C of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
AFEHARBOR FOR CERTAIN LOANS HELD 
ONPORTFOLIO .— ‘‘(1) S
AFE HARBOR FOR CREDITORS THAT ARE  
DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A creditor that is a deposi-tory institution shall not be subject to suit for failure to comply with subsection (a), (c)(1), or (f)(2) of this section or section 129H with respect to a residential mortgage loan, and the banking regulators shall treat such loan as a qualified mortgage, if— ‘‘(i) the creditor has, since the origination of the loan, held the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor; and ‘‘(ii) all prepayment penalties with respect to the loan comply with the limitations described under subsection (c)(3). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .—In the case of a depository institution that trans-fers a loan originated by that institution to an-other depository institution by reason of the bankruptcy or failure of the originating deposi-tory institution or the purchase of the origi-nating depository institution, the depository in-stitution transferring such loan shall be deemed to have complied with the requirement under subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) S
AFE HARBOR FOR MORTGAGE ORIGINA -
TORS.—A mortgage originator shall not be sub-ject to suit for a violation of section 129B(c)(3)(B) for steering a consumer to a resi-dential mortgage loan if— ‘‘(A) the creditor of such loan is a depository institution and has informed the mortgage origi-nator that the creditor intends to hold the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor for the life of the loan; and ‘‘(B) the mortgage originator informs the con-sumer that the creditor intends to hold the loan on the balance sheet of the creditor for the life of the loan. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) B
ANKING REGULATORS .—The term ‘bank-ing regulators’ means the Federal banking agen-cies, the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency, and the National Credit Union Administration. ‘‘(B) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘de-pository institution’ has the meaning given that term under section 19(b)(1) of the Federal Re-serve Act (12 U.S.C. 505(b)(1)). ‘‘(C) F
EDERAL BANKING AGENCIES .—The term ‘Federal banking agencies’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act.’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendment made by this section may be con-strued as preventing a balloon loan from quali-fying for the safe harbor provided under section 129C(j) of the Truth in Lending Act if the bal-loon loan otherwise meets all of the require-ments under such subsection (j), regardless of whether the balloon loan meets the requirements described under clauses (i) through (iv) of sec-tion 129C(b)(2)(E) of such Act. Subtitle E—Application of the Expedited Funds Availability Act 
SEC. 521. APPLICATION OF THE EXPEDITED FUNDS AVAILABILITY ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Expedited Funds Avail-ability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 602(20) (12 U.S.C. 4001(20)) by in-serting ‘‘, located in the United States,’’ after ‘‘ATM’’; (2) in section 602(21) (12 U.S.C. 4001(21)) by in-serting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; (3) in section 602(23) (12 U.S.C. 4001(23)) by in-serting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; and (4) in section 603(d)(2)(A) (12 U.S.C. 4002(d)(2)(A)), by inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on January 1, 2017. Subtitle F—Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement 
SEC. 526. CHANGES REQUIRED TO SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY POLICY STATE-MENT ON ASSESSMENT OF FINAN-CIAL AND MANAGERIAL FACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Before the end of the 6- month period beginning on the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall revise the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement on Assessment of Financial and Managerial Factors (12 C.F.R. part 225—appendix C) to raise the consolidated asset threshold under such policy statement from $1,000,000,000 (as ad-justed by Public Law 113–250) to $10,000,000,000. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subparagraph (C) of section 171(b)(5) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5371(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company that is subject to the application of the Small Bank Holding Com-pany Policy Statement on Assessment of Finan-cial and Managerial Factors of the Board of Governors (12 C.F.R. part 225—appendix C).’’. Subtitle G—Community Institution Mortgage Relief 
SEC. 531. COMMUNITY FINANCIAL INSTITUTION MORTGAGE RELIEF. 
(a) E XEMPTION FROM ESCROW REQUIREMENTS  
FORLOANS HELD BY SMALLER CREDITORS .—Sec- tion 129D of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639d) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) S
AFE HARBOR FOR LOANS HELD BY  S
MALLER CREDITORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A creditor shall not be in violation of subsection (a) with respect to a loan if— ‘‘(A) the creditor has consolidated assets of $10,000,000,000 or less; and ‘‘(B) the creditor holds the loan on the bal-ance sheet of the creditor for the 3-year period beginning on the date of the origination of the loan. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN TRANSFERS .—In the case of a creditor that transfers a loan to another person by reason of the bankruptcy or failure of the creditor, the purchase of the cred-itor, or a supervisory act or recommendation from a State or Federal regulator, the creditor shall be deemed to have complied with the re-quirement under paragraph (1)(B).’’; and (2) by striking the term ‘‘Board’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION TO EXEMPTION FOR SMALL  S
ERVICERS OF MORTGAGE LOANS.—Section 6 of the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2605) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) S
MALL SERVICER EXEMPTION .—The Con- sumer Law Enforcement Agency shall, by regu-lation, provide exemptions to, or adjustments for, the provisions of this section for a servicer that annually services 20,000 or fewer mortgage loans, in order to reduce regulatory burdens while appropriately balancing consumer protec-tions.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4761 June 8, 2017 
Subtitle H—Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform 
SEC. 536. TIMELINESS OF EXAMINATION RE-PORTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Federal Financial Insti-tutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1012. TIMELINESS OF EXAMINATION RE-PORTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) F
INAL EXAMINATION REPORT .—A Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall provide a final examination report to a financial institution not later than 60 days after the later of— ‘‘(A) the exit interview for an examination of the institution; or ‘‘(B) the provision of additional information by the institution relating to the examination. ‘‘(2) E
XIT INTERVIEW .—If a financial institu-tion is not subject to a resident examiner pro-gram, the exit interview shall occur not later than the end of the 9-month period beginning on the commencement of the examination, ex-cept that such period may be extended by the Federal financial institutions regulatory agency by providing written notice to the institution and the Independent Examination Review Di-rector describing with particularity the reasons that a longer period is needed to complete the examination. ‘‘(b) E
XAMINATION MATERIALS .—Upon the re-quest of a financial institution, the Federal fi-nancial institutions regulatory agency shall in-clude with the final report an appendix listing all examination or other factual information re-lied upon by the agency in support of a material supervisory determination. 
‘‘SEC. 1013. EXAMINATION STANDARDS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the examination of a fi-nancial institution— ‘‘(1) a commercial loan shall not be placed in non-accrual status solely because the collateral for such loan has deteriorated in value; ‘‘(2) a modified or restructured commercial loan shall be removed from non-accrual status if the borrower demonstrates the ability to perform on such loan over a maximum period of 6 months, except that with respect to loans on a quarterly, semiannual, or longer repayment schedule such period shall be a maximum of 3 consecutive repayment periods; ‘‘(3) a new appraisal on a performing commer-cial loan shall not be required unless an ad-vance of new funds is involved; and ‘‘(4) in classifying a commercial loan in which there has been deterioration in collateral value, the amount to be classified shall be the portion of the deficiency relating to the decline in col-lateral value and repayment capacity of the bor-rower. ‘‘(b) W
ELLCAPITALIZED INSTITUTIONS .—The Federal financial institutions regulatory agen-cies may not require a financial institution that is well capitalized to raise additional capital in lieu of an action prohibited under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) C
ONSISTENT LOANCLASSIFICATIONS .—The Federal financial institutions regulatory agen-cies shall develop and apply identical defini-tions and reporting requirements for non-ac-crual loans. 
‘‘SEC. 1014. OFFICE OF INDEPENDENT EXAMINA-TION REVIEW. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Council an Office of Independent Examina-tion Review (the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) H
EAD OF OFFICE .—There is established the position of the Independent Examination Review Director (the ‘Director’), as the head of the Office. The Director shall be appointed by the Council and shall be independent from any member agency of the Council. ‘‘(c) S
TAFFING .—The Director is authorized to hire staff to support the activities of the Office. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES .—The Director shall— ‘‘(1) receive and, at the Director’s discretion, investigate complaints from financial institu-tions, their representatives, or another entity acting on behalf of such institutions, concerning examinations, examination practices, or exam-ination reports; ‘‘(2) hold meetings, at least once every three months and in locations designed to encourage participation from all sections of the United States, with financial institutions, their rep-resentatives, or another entity acting on behalf of such institutions, to discuss examination pro-cedures, examination practices, or examination policies; ‘‘(3) review examination procedures of the Federal financial institutions regulatory agen-cies to ensure that the written examination poli-cies of those agencies are being followed in prac-tice and adhere to the standards for consistency established by the Council; ‘‘(4) conduct a continuing and regular review of examination quality assurance for all exam-ination types conducted by the Federal finan-cial institutions regulatory agencies; ‘‘(5) adjudicate any supervisory appeal initi-ated under section 1015; and ‘‘(6) report annually to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, and the Council, on the reviews carried out pursuant to para-graphs (3) and (4), including compliance with the requirements set forth in section 1012 regard-ing timeliness of examination reports, and the Council’s recommendations for improvements in examination procedures, practices, and policies. ‘‘(e) CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Director shall keep confidential all meetings with, discussions with, and information provided by financial in-stitutions. 
‘‘SEC. 1015. RIGHT TO INDEPENDENT REVIEW OF MATERIAL SUPERVISORY DETER-MINATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—A financial institution shall have the right to obtain an independent review of a material supervisory determination contained in a final report of examination. ‘‘(b) N
OTICE .— ‘‘(1) T
IMING .—A financial institution seeking review of a material supervisory determination under this section shall file a written notice with the Independent Examination Review Di-rector (the ‘Director’) within 60 days after re-ceiving the final report of examination that is the subject of such review. ‘‘(2) I
DENTIFICATION OF DETERMINATION .—The written notice shall identify the material super-visory determination that is the subject of the independent examination review, and a state-ment of the reasons why the institution believes that the determination is incorrect or should otherwise be modified. ‘‘(3) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO INSTI -
TUTION .—Any information relied upon by the agency in the final report that is not in the pos-session of the financial institution may be re-quested by the financial institution and shall be delivered promptly by the agency to the finan-cial institution. ‘‘(c) R
IGHT TO HEARING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall deter-mine the merits of the appeal on the record or, at the financial institution’s election, shall refer the appeal to an Administrative Law Judge to conduct a confidential hearing pursuant to the procedures set forth under sections 556 and 557 of title 5, United States Code, which hearing shall take place not later than 60 days after the petition for review was received by the Director, and to issue a proposed decision to the Director based upon the record established at such hear-ing. ‘‘(2) S
TANDARD OF REVIEW .—In rendering a determination or recommendation under this subsection, neither the Administrative Law Judge nor the Director shall defer to the opin-ions of the examiner or agency, but shall con-duct a de novo review to independently deter-mine the appropriateness of the agency’s deci-sion based upon the relevant statutes, regula-tions, and other appropriate guidance, as well as evidence adduced at any hearing. ‘‘(d) FINAL DECISION .—A decision by the Di-rector on an independent review under this sec-tion shall— ‘‘(1) be made not later than 60 days after the record has been closed; and ‘‘(2) be deemed final agency action and shall bind the agency whose supervisory determina-tion was the subject of the review and the finan-cial institution requesting the review. ‘‘(e) R
IGHT TO JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A financial institution shall have the right to petition for review of final agency action under this section by filing a Petition for Review within 60 days of the Director’s decision in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit or the Circuit in which the financial in-stitution is located. ‘‘(f) R
EPORT .—The Director shall report annu-ally to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on actions taken under this section, in-cluding the types of issues that the Director has reviewed and the results of those reviews. In no case shall such a report contain information about individual financial institutions or any confidential or privileged information shared by financial institutions. ‘‘(g) R
ETALIATION PROHIBITED .—A Federal fi-nancial institutions regulatory agency may not— ‘‘(1) retaliate against a financial institution, including service providers, or any institution- affiliated party (as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act), for exer-cising appellate rights under this section; or ‘‘(2) delay or deny any agency action that would benefit a financial institution or any in-stitution-affiliated party on the basis that an appeal under this section is pending under this section. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(1) to affect the right of a Federal financial institutions regulatory agency to take enforce-ment or other supervisory actions related to a material supervisory determination under review under this section; or ‘‘(2) to prohibit the review under this section of a material supervisory determination with re-spect to which there is an ongoing enforcement or other supervisory action.’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) R
IEGLE COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND  
REGULATORY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1994 .—Section 309 of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4806) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting after ‘‘ap-propriate Federal banking agency’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency,’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the appel-lant from retaliation by agency examiners’’ and inserting ‘‘the insured depository institution or insured credit union from retaliation by the agencies referred to in subsection (a)’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following flush- left text: ‘‘For purposes of this subsection and subsection (e), retaliation includes delaying consideration of, or withholding approval of, any request, no-tice, or application that otherwise would have been approved, but for the exercise of the insti-tution’s or credit union’s rights under this sec-tion.’’; (C) in subsection (e)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ensure that appropriate safeguards exist for protecting the insured depository institution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4762 June 8, 2017 
or insured credit union from retaliation by any agency referred to in subsection (a) for exer-cising its rights under this subsection.’’; and (D) in subsection (f)(1)(A)— (i) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) any issue specifically listed in an exam report as a matter requiring attention by the in-stitution’s management or board of directors; and ‘‘(v) any suspension or removal of an institu-tion’s status as eligible for expedited processing of applications, requests, notices, or filings on the grounds of a supervisory or compliance con-cern, regardless of whether that concern has been cited as a basis for another material super-visory determination or matter requiring atten-tion in an examination report, provided that the conduct at issue did not involve violation of any criminal law; and’’. (2) F
EDERAL CREDIT UNION ACT .—Section 205(j) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785(j)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency,’’ before ‘‘the Admin-istration’’ each place such term appears. (3) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAM -
INATION COUNCIL ACT OF 1978 .—The Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 1003, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the term ‘Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies’— ‘‘(A) means the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, and the National Credit Union Administration; and ‘‘(B) for purposes of sections 1012, 1013, 1014, and 1015, includes the Consumer Law Enforce-ment Agency;’’; and (B) in section 1005, by striking ‘‘One-fifth’’ and inserting ‘‘One-fourth’’. Subtitle I—National Credit Union Administration Budget Transparency 
SEC. 541. BUDGET TRANSPARENCY FOR THE NCUA. 
Section 209(b) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1789) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(1) on an annual basis and prior to the sub-mission of the detailed business-type budget re-quired under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) make publicly available and cause to be printed in the Federal Register a draft of such detailed business-type budget; and ‘‘(B) hold a public hearing, with public notice provided of such hearing, wherein the public can submit comments on the draft of such de-tailed business-type budget;’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated— (A) by inserting ‘‘detailed’’ after ‘‘submit a’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and where such budget shall address any comments submitted by the public pursuant to paragraph (1)(B)’’ after ‘‘Control Act’’. Subtitle J—Taking Account of Institutions With Low Operation Risk 
SEC. 546. REGULATIONS APPROPRIATE TO BUSI-NESS MODELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For any regulatory action occurring after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Federal financial institutions regu-latory agency shall— (1) take into consideration the risk profile and business models of each type of institution or class of institutions subject to the regulatory ac-tion; (2) determine the necessity, appropriateness, and impact of applying such regulatory action to such institutions or classes of institutions; and (3) tailor such regulatory action in a manner that limits the regulatory compliance impact, cost, liability risk, and other burdens, as appro-priate, for the risk profile and business model of the institution or class of institutions involved. (b) OTHER CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the requirements of subsection (a), each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall consider— (1) the impact that such regulatory action, both by itself and in conjunction with the ag-gregate effect of other regulations, has on the ability of the applicable institution or class of institutions to serve evolving and diverse cus-tomer needs; (2) the potential impact of examination manu-als, regulatory actions taken with respect to third-party service providers, or other regu-latory directives that may be in conflict or in-consistent with the tailoring of such regulatory action described in subsection (a)(3); and (3) the underlying policy objectives of the reg-ulatory action and statutory scheme involved. (c) N
OTICE OF PROPOSED AND FINAL RULE-
MAKING .—Each Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall disclose in every notice of proposed rulemaking and in any final rule-making for a regulatory action how the agency has applied subsections (a) and (b). (d) R
EPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
NDIVIDUAL AGENCY REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annu-ally thereafter, each Federal financial institu-tions regulatory agency shall report to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on the specific actions taken to tailor the regu-latory actions of the agency pursuant to the re-quirements of this Act. (B) A
PPEARANCE BEFORE THE COMMITTEES .— The head of each Federal financial institution regulatory agency shall appear before the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate after each report is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) to testify on the contents of such report. (2) FIEC 
REPORTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 3 months after each report is submitted under paragraph (1), the Financial Institutions Examination Council shall report to the Committee on Finan-cial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate on— (i) the extent to which regulatory actions tai-lored pursuant to this Act result in different treatment of similarly situated institutions of di-verse charter types; and (ii) the reasons for such differential treatment. (B) A
PPEARANCE BEFORE THE COMMITTEES .— The Chairman of the Financial Institutions Ex-amination Council shall appear before the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate after each report is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) to testify on the contents of such report. (e) L
IMITED LOOK-BACKAPPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Federal financial insti-tutions regulatory agency shall conduct a re-view of all regulations adopted during the pe-riod beginning on the date that is seven years before the date of the introduction of this Act in the House of Representatives and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act, and apply the requirements of this Act to such regulations. (2) R
EVISION .—If the application of the re-quirements of this Act to any such regulation requires such regulation to be revised, the appli-cable Federal financial institutions regulatory agency shall revise such regulation within 3 years of the enactment of this Act. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act, the following definitions shall apply: (1) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REGU -
LATORY AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘Federal financial institutions regulatory agencies’’ means the Of-fice of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the National Credit Union Administration, and the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency. (2) REGULATORY ACTION .—The term ‘‘regu-latory action’’ means any proposed, interim, or final rule or regulation, guidance, or published interpretation. Subtitle K—Federal Savings Association Charter Flexibility 
SEC. 551. OPTION FOR FEDERAL SAVINGS ASSO-CIATIONS TO OPERATE AS A COV-ERED SAVINGS ASSOCIATION. 
The Home Owners’ Loan Act is amended by inserting after section 5 (12 U.S.C. 1464) the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 5A. ELECTION TO OPERATE AS A COVERED SAVINGS ASSOCIATION. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘covered savings association’ means a Federal savings association that makes an election ap-proved under subsection (b). ‘‘(b) E
LECTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon issuance of the rules described in subsection (f), a Federal savings as-sociation may elect to operate as a covered sav-ings association by submitting a notice to the Comptroller of such election. ‘‘(2) A
PPROVAL .—A Federal savings associa-tion shall be deemed to be approved to operate as a covered savings association on the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Comptroller receives the notice under paragraph (1), unless the Comptroller notifies the Federal savings association otherwise. ‘‘(c) R
IGHTS AND DUTIES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law and except as other-wise provided in this section, a covered savings association shall— ‘‘(1) have the same rights and privileges as a national bank that has its main office situated in the same location as the home office of the covered savings association; and ‘‘(2) be subject to the same duties, restrictions, penalties, liabilities, conditions, and limitations that would apply to such a national bank. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF COVERED SAVINGS ASSO-
CIATIONS .—A covered savings association shall be treated as a Federal savings association for the purposes— ‘‘(1) of governance of the covered savings as-sociation, including incorporation, bylaws, boards of directors, shareholders, and distribu-tion of dividends; ‘‘(2) of consolidation, merger, dissolution, con-version (including conversion to a stock bank or to another charter), conservatorship, and receiv-ership; and ‘‘(3) determined by regulation of the Comp-troller. ‘‘(e) E
XISTING BRANCHES .—A covered savings association may continue to operate any branch or agency the covered savings association oper-ated on the date on which an election under subsection (b) is approved. ‘‘(f) R
ULEMAKING .—The Comptroller shall issue rules to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) that establish streamlined standards and procedures that clearly identify required docu-mentation or timelines for an election under subsection (b); ‘‘(2) that require a Federal savings association that makes an election under subsection (b) to identify specific assets and subsidiaries— ‘‘(A) that do not conform to the requirements for assets and subsidiaries of a national bank; and ‘‘(B) that are held by the Federal savings as-sociation on the date on which the Federal sav-ings association submits a notice of such elec-tion; ‘‘(3) that establish— ‘‘(A) a transition process for bringing such as-sets and subsidiaries into conformance with the requirements for a national bank; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4763 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(B) procedures for allowing the Federal sav-ings association to provide a justification for grandfathering such assets and subsidiaries after electing to operate as a covered savings as-sociation; ‘‘(4) that establish standards and procedures to allow a covered savings association to termi-nate an election under subsection (b) after an appropriate period of time or to make a subse-quent election; ‘‘(5) that clarify requirements for the treat-ment of covered savings associations, including the provisions of law that apply to covered sav-ings associations; and ‘‘(6) as the Comptroller deems necessary and in the interests of safety and soundness.’’. Subtitle L—SAFE Transitional Licensing 
SEC. 556. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-censing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1518. EMPLOYMENT TRANSITION OF LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
‘‘(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORITY TO ORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR LOANORIGINATORS MOVING FROM A  D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION TO A NON-DEPOSITORY  I
NSTITUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon employment by a State-licensed mortgage company, an individual who is a registered loan originator shall be deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the indi-vidual— ‘‘(A) has not had an application for a loan originator license denied, or had such a license revoked or suspended in any governmental ju-risdiction; ‘‘(B) has not been subject to or served with a cease and desist order in any governmental ju-risdiction or as described in section 1514(c); ‘‘(C) has not been convicted of a felony that would preclude licensure under the law of the application State; ‘‘(D) has submitted an application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; and ‘‘(E) was registered in the Nationwide Mort-gage Licensing System and Registry as a loan originator during the 12-month period preceding the date of submission of the information re-quired under section 1505(a). ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the indi-vidual submits the information required under section 1505(a) and shall end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the individual withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan origi-nator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State de-nies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the individual submits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as in-complete. ‘‘(b) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY TO ORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR STATE-LICENSED LOANORIGINATORS  M
OVING INTERSTATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State-licensed loan origi-nator shall be deemed to have temporary au-thority to act as a loan originator in an applica-tion State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the State-licensed loan originator— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(B) is employed by a State-licensed mortgage company in the application State; and ‘‘(C) was licensed in a State that is not the application State during the 30-day period pre-ceding the date of submission of the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the applica-tion State. ‘‘(2) PERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the State- licensed loan originator submits the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the applica-tion State and end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the State-licensed loan originator withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State de-nies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the State-licensed loan originator sub-mits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) Any person employing an individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursu-ant to this section shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(2) Any individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursuant to this section and who engages in residential mortgage loan origination activities shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) S
TATE-LICENSED MORTGAGE COMPANY .— The term ‘State-licensed mortgage company’ means an entity licensed or registered under the law of any State to engage in residential mort-gage loan origination and processing activities. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION STATE .—The term ‘applica-tion State’ means a State in which a registered loan originator or a State-licensed loan origi-nator seeks to be licensed.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1517 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1518. Employment transition of loan origi-nators.’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO CIVIL LIABILITY OF THE  C
ONSUMER LAWENFORCEMENT AGENCY AND  O
THER OFFICIALS .—Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan originators’’ and inserting ‘‘are applying for li-censing or registration using the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry’’. Subtitle M—Right to Lend 
SEC. 561. SMALL BUSINESS LOAN DATA COLLEC-TION REQUIREMENT. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 704B of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691c–2) is repealed. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 701(b) of the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (3) by striking paragraph (5). (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for title VII of the Consumer Credit Protec-tion Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 704B. Subtitle N—Community Bank Reporting Relief 
SEC. 566. SHORT FORM CALL REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1817(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) SHORT FORM REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The appropriate Federal banking agencies shall issue regulations allow-ing for a reduced reporting requirement for cov-ered depository institutions when making the first and third report of condition for a year, as required pursuant to paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) C
OVERED DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘covered depository institution’ means an insured depository institution that— ‘‘(i) is well capitalized (as defined under sec-tion 38(b)); and ‘‘(ii) satisfies such other criteria as the appro-priate Federal banking agencies determine ap-propriate.’’. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 365 days thereafter until the appro-priate Federal banking agencies (as defined under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act) have issued the regulations required under section 7(a)(12)(A) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, such agencies shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a re-port describing the progress made in issuing such regulations. Subtitle O—Homeowner Information Privacy Protection 
SEC. 571. STUDY REGARDING PRIVACY OF INFOR-MATION COLLECTED UNDER THE HOME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT OF 1975. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to deter-mine whether the data required to be published, made available, or disclosed under the final rule, in connection with other publicly available data sources, including data made publicly available under Regulation C (12 C.F.R. 1003) before the effective date of the final rule, could allow for or increase the probability of— (1) exposure of the identity of mortgage appli-cants or mortgagors through reverse engineer-ing; (2) exposure of mortgage applicants or mortga-gors to identity theft or the loss of sensitive per-sonal financial information; (3) the marketing or sale of unfair or deceptive financial products to mortgage applicants or mortgagors based on such data; (4) personal financial loss or emotional dis-tress resulting from the exposure of mortgage applicants or mortgagors to identify theft or the loss of sensitive personal financial information; and (5) the potential legal liability facing the Con-sumer Law Enforcement Agency and market participants in the event the data required to be published, made available, or disclosed under the final rule leads or contributes to identity theft or the capture of sensitive personal finan-cial information. (b) R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representa-tives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report that includes— (1) the findings and conclusions of the Comp-troller General with respect to the study re-quired under subsection (a); and (2) any recommendations for legislative or reg-ulatory actions that— (A) would enhance the privacy of a consumer when accessing mortgage credit; and (B) are consistent with consumer protections and safe and sound banking operations. (c) S
USPENSION OF DATASHARING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including the final rule— (1) depository institutions shall not be re-quired to publish, disclose, or otherwise make available to the public, pursuant to the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (or regulations 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4764 June 8, 2017 
issued under such Act) any data that was not required to be published, disclosed, or otherwise made available pursuant to such Act (or regula-tions issued under such Act) on the day before the date of the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; and (2) the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency and the Financial Institutions Examination Council shall not publish, disclose, or otherwise make available to the public any such informa-tion received from a depository institution pur-suant to the final rule, except as required by law. (d) T
EMPORARY SUSPENSION OF DATAREPORT -
ING REQUIREMENTS ..—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the effective date for new reporting requirements contained in the final rule shall be January 1, 2019. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: (1) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘de-pository institution’’ has the meaning given that term under section 303 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2802). (2) F
INAL RULE .—The term ‘‘final rule’’ means the final rule issued by the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection titled ‘‘Home Mortgage Disclosure (Regulation C)’’ (October 28, 2015; 80 Fed. Reg. 66128). Subtitle A—Home Mortgage Disclosure Adjustment 
SEC. 576. DEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS SUBJECT TO MAINTENANCE OF RECORDS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304 of the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2803) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (i) as para-graph (2) and adjusting the margin appro-priately; and (2) by inserting before such paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to a deposi-tory institution, the requirements of subsections (a) and (b) shall not apply— ‘‘(A) with respect to closed-end mortgage loans, if such depository institution originated less than 100 closed-end mortgage loans in each of the two preceding calendar years; and ‘‘(B) with respect to open-end lines of credit, if such depository institution originated less than 200 open-end lines of credit in each of the two preceding calendar years.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 304(i)(2) of such Act, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by striking ‘‘section 303(2)(A)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 303(3)(A)’’. Subtitle B—Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit 
SEC. 581. RATE OF INTEREST AFTER TRANSFER OF LOAN. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE REVISED STATUTES .— Section 5197 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 85) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this section shall remain valid with respect to such rate re-gardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the con-trary.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO THE HOME OWNERS ’ LOAN A
CT.—Section 4(g)(1) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1463(g)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this subsection shall remain valid with respect to such rate re-gardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the con-trary.’’. (c) A
MENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL CREDIT  U
NION ACT.—Section 205(g)(1) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785(g)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this subsection shall remain valid with re-spect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be en-forced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’. (d) AMENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT IN-
SURANCE ACT.—Section 27(a) of the Federal De-posit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831d(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this section shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise trans-ferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’. Subtitle C—NCUA Overhead Transparency 
SEC. 586. FUND TRANSPARENCY. 
Section 203 of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1783) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) F
UNDTRANSPARENCY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall accom-pany each annual budget submitted pursuant to section 209(b) with a report containing— ‘‘(A) a detailed analysis of how the expenses of the Administration are assigned between pru-dential activities and insurance-related activi-ties and the extent to which those expenses are paid from the fees collected pursuant to section 105 or from the Fund; and ‘‘(B) the Board’s supporting rationale for any proposed use of amounts in the Fund contained in such budget, including detailed breakdowns and supporting rationales for any such pro-posed use related to titles of this Act other than this title. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—The Board shall make each report described under paragraph (1) available to the public and available on the Board’s website.’’. Subtitle D—Housing Opportunities Made Easier 
SEC. 591. CLARIFICATION OF DONATED SERVICES TO NON-PROFITS. 
Section 129E(i) of the Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1639e(i)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO AP -
PRAISAL DONATIONS .—For purposes of para-graph (1), if a fee appraiser voluntarily donates appraisal services to an organization described in section 170(c)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, such voluntary donation shall be deemed customary and reasonable.’’. TITLE VI—REGULATORY RELIEF FOR STRONGLY CAPITALIZED, WELL MAN-AGED BANKING ORGANIZATIONS 
SEC. 601. CAPITAL ELECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A banking organization may make an election under this section to be treated as a qualifying banking organization for pur-poses of the regulatory relief described under section 602. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .—A banking organization may qualify to be treated as a qualifying bank-ing organization if— (1) the banking organization has an average leverage ratio of at least 10 percent; (2) with respect to a depository institution holding company, each insured depository insti-tution subsidiary of the holding company simul-taneously makes the election described under subsection (a); and (3) with respect to an insured depository insti-tution, any parent depository institution hold-ing company of the institution simultaneously makes the election described under subsection (a). (c) E
LECTION PROCESS .—To make an election under this section, a banking organization shall submit an election to the appropriate Federal banking agency (and any applicable State bank supervisor that regulates the banking organiza-tion) containing— (1) a notice of such election; (2) the banking organization’s average lever-age ratio, as well as the organization’s quarterly leverage ratio for each of the most recently com-pleted four calendar quarters; (3) if the banking organization is a depository institution holding company, the information described under paragraph (2) for each of the organization’s insured depository institution subsidiaries; and (4) if the banking organization is an insured depository institution, the information described under paragraph (2) for any parent depository institution holding company of the institution. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE OF ELECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An election made under this section shall take effect at the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date that the appro-priate Federal banking agency receives the ap-plication described under subsection (c), unless the appropriate Federal banking agency deter-mines that the banking organization has not met the requirements described under subsection (b). (2) N
OTICE OF FAILURE TO MEET REQUIRE -
MENTS .—If the appropriate Federal banking agency determines that a banking organization submitting an election notice under subsection (c) does not meet the requirements described under subsection (b), the agency shall— (A) notify the banking organization (and any applicable State bank supervisor that regulates the banking organization), in writing, of such determination as soon as possible after such de-termination is made, but in no case later than the end of the 30-day period beginning on the date that the appropriate Federal banking agen-cy receives the election; and (B) include in such notification the specific reasons for such determination and steps that the banking organization can take to meet such requirements. (e) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN NEWBANKING OR-
GANIZATIONS .—In the case of a banking organi-zation that is a newly-chartered insured deposi-tory institution or a banking organization that becomes a banking organization because it con-trols a newly-chartered insured depository insti-tution, such banking organization may be treat-ed as a qualifying banking organization imme-diately upon becoming a banking organization, if— (1) an election to be treated as a qualifying banking organization was included in the appli-cation filed with the appropriate Federal bank-ing agency in connection with becoming a bank-ing organization; and (2) as of the date the banking organization be-comes a banking organization, the banking or-ganization’s tangible equity divided by the banking organization’s leverage exposure, ex-pressed as a percentage, is at least 10 percent. (f) F
AILURE TO MAINTAIN QUARTERLY LEVER-
AGERATIO AND LOSS OF ELECTION .— (1) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO MAINTAIN QUAR -
TERLY LEVERAGE RATIO .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, with respect to the most recently completed calendar quarter, the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that a qualifying banking organization’s quarterly leverage ratio is below 10 percent— (i) the appropriate Federal banking agency shall notify the qualifying banking organization and any applicable State bank supervisor that regulates the banking organization of such de-termination; (ii) the appropriate Federal banking agency may prohibit the banking organization from making a capital distribution; and (iii) the banking organization shall, within 3 months of the first such determination, submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate Fed-eral banking agency. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4765 June 8, 2017 
(B) L OSS OF ELECTION AFTER ONE -YEAR REME -
DIATION PERIOD .—If a banking organization de-scribed under subparagraph (A) does not, with-in the 1-year period beginning on the date of such determination, raise the organization’s quarterly leverage ratio for a calendar quarter ending in such 1-year period to at least 10 per-cent, the banking organization’s election under this section shall be terminated, and the appro-priate Federal banking agency shall notify any applicable State bank supervisor that regulates the banking organization of such termination. (C) E
FFECT OF SUBSIDIARY ON PARENT ORGANI -
ZATION .—With respect to a qualifying banking organization described under subparagraph (A) that is an insured depository institution, any parent depository institution holding company of the qualifying banking organization shall— (i) if the appropriate Federal banking agency determines it appropriate, be prohibited from making a capital distribution (other than a cap-ital contribution to such qualifying banking or-ganization described under subparagraph (A)); and (ii) if the qualifying banking organization has an election terminated under subparagraph (B), any such parent depository institution holding company shall also have its election under this section terminated. (2) I
MMEDIATE LOSS OF ELECTION IF THE QUAR -
TERLY LEVERAGE RATIO FALLS BELOW 6 PER -
CENT.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—If, with respect to the most recently completed calendar quarter, the appro-priate Federal banking agency determines that a qualifying banking organization’s quarterly leverage ratio is below 6 percent, the banking organization’s election under this section shall be terminated, and the appropriate Federal banking agency shall notify any applicable State bank supervisor that regulates the bank-ing organization of such termination. (B) E
FFECT OF SUBSIDIARY ON PARENT ORGANI -
ZATION .—With respect to a qualifying banking organization described under subparagraph (A) that is an insured depository institution, any parent depository institution holding company of the qualifying banking organization shall also have its election under this section termi-nated. (3) A
BILITY TO MAKE FUTURE ELECTIONS .—If a banking organization has an election under this section terminated, the banking organization may not apply for another election under this section until the banking organization has maintained a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent for 8 consecutive calendar quarters. 
SEC. 602. REGULATORY RELIEF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—A qualifying banking orga-nization shall be exempt from the following: (1) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation ad-dressing capital or liquidity requirements or standards. (2) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation that permits an appropriate Federal banking agency to object to a capital distribution. (3) Any consideration by an appropriate Fed-eral banking agency of the following: (A) Any risk the qualifying banking organiza-tion may pose to ‘‘the stability of the financial system of the United States’’, under section 5(c)(2) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. (B) The ‘‘extent to which a proposed acquisi-tion, merger, or consolidation would result in greater or more concentrated risks to the sta-bility of the United States banking or financial system’’, under section 3(c)(7) of the Bank Hold-ing Company Act of 1956, so long as the banking organization, after such proposed acquisition, merger, or consolidation, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent. (C) Whether the performance of an activity by the banking organization could possibly pose a ‘‘risk to the stability of the United States bank-ing or financial system’’, under section 4(j)(2)(A) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. (D) Whether the acquisition of control of shares of a company engaged in an activity de-scribed in section 4(j)(1)(A) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 could possibly pose a ‘‘risk to the stability of the United States banking or financial system’’, under section 4(j)(2)(A) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, so long as the banking organization, after acquiring con-trol of such company, would maintain a quar-terly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent. (E) Whether a merger would pose a ‘‘risk to the stability of the United States banking or fi-nancial system’’, under section 18(c)(5) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, so long as the banking organization, after such proposed merg-er, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent. (F) Any risk the qualifying banking organiza-tion may pose to ‘‘the stability of the financial system of the United States’’, under section 10(b)(4) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act. (4) Subsections (i)(8) and (k)(6)(B)(ii) of sec-tion 4 and section 14 of the Bank Holding Com-pany Act of 1956. (5) Section 18(c)(13) of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act. (6) Section 163 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010. (7) Section 10(e)(2)(E) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act. (8) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation imple-menting standards of the type provided for in subsections (b), (c), (d), (e), (g), (h), (i), and (j) of section 165 of the Financial Stability Act of 2010. (9) Any Federal law, rule, or regulation pro-viding limitations on mergers, consolidations, or acquisitions of assets or control, to the extent such limitations relate to capital or liquidity standards or concentrations of deposits or as-sets, so long as the banking organization, after such proposed merger, consolidation, or acquisi-tion, would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent. (b) QUALIFYING BANKING ORGANIZATIONS  T
REATED AS WELLCAPITALIZED .—A qualifying banking organization shall be deemed to be ‘‘well capitalized’’ for purposes of— (1) section 216 of the Federal Credit Union Act; and (2) sections 29, 38, 44, and 46 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. (c) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN RISK-WEIGHTED  A
SSET REQUIREMENTS FOR QUALIFYING BANKING  O
RGANIZATIONS .— (1) A
CQUISITION SIZE CRITERIA TREATMENT .—A qualifying banking organization shall be deemed to meet the criteria described under sec-tion 4(j)(4)(D) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, so long as after the proposed trans-action the acquiring qualifying banking organi-zation would maintain a quarterly leverage ratio of at least 10 percent. (2) U
SE OF LEVERAGE EXPOSURE .—With respect to a qualifying banking organization, in deter-mining whether a proposal qualifies with the criteria described under subparagraphs (A)(iii) and (B)(i) of section 4(j)(4) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall consider the leverage exposure of an insured depository insti-tution instead of the total risk-weighted assets of such institution. 
SEC. 603. CONTINGENT CAPITAL STUDY. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Deposit In-surance Corporation, and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shall each carry out a study, which shall include holding public hearings, on how to design a requirement that banking organizations issue contingent capital with a market-based conversion trigger. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 1- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, each agency described under subsection (a) shall submit a report to the Con-gress containing— (1) all findings and determinations made by the agency in carrying out the study required under subsection (a); and (2) the agency’s recommendations on how the Congress should design a requirement that banking organizations issue contingent capital with a market-based conversion trigger. SEC. 604. STUDY ON ALTERING THE CURRENT PROMPT CORRECTIVE ACTION RULES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to assess the benefits and feasibility of altering the cur-rent prompt corrective action rules and replac-ing the Basel-based capital ratios with the non-performing asset coverage ratio or NACR as the trigger for specific required supervisory inter-ventions. The Comptroller General shall ensure that such study includes the following: (1) An assessment of the performance of an NACR forward-looking measure of a banking or-ganization’s solvency condition relative to the regulatory capital ratios currently used by prompt corrective action rules. (2) An analysis of the performance of alter-native definitions of nonperforming assets. (3) An assessment of the impact of two alter-native intervention thresholds: (A) An initial (high) intervention threshold, below which appropriate Federal banking agen-cy examiners are required to intervene and as-sess a banking organization’s condition and pre-scribe remedial measures. (B) A lower threshold, below which banking organizations must increase their capital, seek an acquirer, or face mandatory resolution with-in 90 days. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 1- year period beginning on the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report to the Congress containing— (1) all findings and determinations made in carrying out the study required under sub-section (a); and (2) recommendations on the most suitable defi-nition of nonperforming assets, as well as the two numerical thresholds that trigger specific required supervisory interventions. 
SEC. 605. DEFINITIONS. 
For purposes of this title: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANKING AGENCY .— The term ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agen-cy’’— (A) has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and (B) means the National Credit Union Adminis-tration, in the case of an insured credit union. (2) B
ANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘bank-ing organization’’ means— (A) an insured depository institution; (B) an insured credit union; (C) a depository institution holding company; (D) a company that is treated as a bank hold-ing company for purposes of section 8 of the International Banking Act; and (E) a U.S. intermediate holding company es-tablished by a foreign banking organization pursuant to section 252.153 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) F
OREIGN EXCHANGE SWAP .—The term ‘‘for-eign exchange swap’’ has the meaning given that term under section 1a of the Commodity Ex-change Act. (4) I
NSURED CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘‘in-sured credit union’’ has the meaning given that term under section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act. (5) L
EVERAGE EXPOSURE .—The term ‘‘leverage exposure’’— (A) with respect to a banking organization other than an insured credit union or a tradi-tional banking organization, has the meaning given the term ‘‘total leverage exposure’’ under section 3.10(c)(4)(ii), 217.10(c)(4), or 324.10(c)(4) of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as ap-plicable, as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4766 June 8, 2017 
(B) with respect to a traditional banking orga-nization other than an insured credit union, means total assets (minus any items deducted from common equity tier 1 capital) as calculated in accordance with generally accepted account-ing principles and as reported on the traditional banking organization’s applicable regulatory fil-ing with the banking organization’s appropriate Federal banking agency; and (C) with respect to a banking organization that is an insured credit union, has the meaning given the term ‘‘total assets’’ under section 702.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as in ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (6) L
EVERAGE RATIO DEFINITIONS .— (A) A
VERAGE LEVERAGE RATIO .—With respect to a banking organization, the term ‘‘average le-verage ratio’’ means the average of the banking organization’s quarterly leverage ratios for each of the most recently completed four calendar quarters. (B) Q
UARTERLY LEVERAGE RATIO .—With re- spect to a banking organization and a calendar quarter, the term ‘‘quarterly leverage ratio’’ means the organization’s tangible equity divided by the organization’s leverage exposure, ex-pressed as a percentage, on the last day of such quarter. (7) NACR.—The term ‘‘NACR’’ means— (A) book equity less nonperforming assets plus loan loss reserves, divided by (B) total banking organization assets. (8) N
ONPERFORMING ASSETS .—The term ‘‘non-performing assets’’ means— (A) 20 percent of assets that are past due 30 to 89 days, plus (B) 50 percent of assets that are past due 90 days or more, plus (C) 100 percent of nonaccrual assets and other real estate owned. (9) Q
UALIFYING BANKING ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘qualifying banking organization’’ means a banking organization that has made an elec-tion under section 601 and with respect to which such election is in effect. (10) S
ECURITY -BASED SWAP .—The term ‘‘secu-rity-based swap’’ has the meaning given that term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. (11) S
WAP.—The term ‘‘swap’’ has the mean-ing given that term under section 1a of the Com-modity Exchange Act. (12) T
ANGIBLE EQUITY .—The term ‘‘tangible equity’’— (A) with respect to a banking organization other than a credit union, means the sum of— (i) common equity tier 1 capital; (ii) additional tier 1 capital consisting of in-struments issued on or before the date of enact-ment of this Act; and (iii) with respect to a depository institution holding company that had less than $15,000,000,000 in total consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009, or March 31, 2010, or a bank-ing organization that was a mutual holding company as of May 19, 2010, trust preferred se-curities issued prior to May 19, 2010, to the ex-tent such organization was permitted, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, to consider such securities as tier 1 capital under existing regulations of the appropriate Federal banking agency; and (B) with respect to a banking organization that is a credit union, has the meaning given the term ‘‘net worth’’ under section 702.2 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (13) T
RADITIONAL BANKING ORGANIZATION .— The term ‘‘traditional banking organization’’ means a banking organization that— (A) has zero trading assets and zero trading liabilities; (B) does not engage in swaps or security- based swaps, other than swaps or security-based swaps referencing interest rates or foreign ex-change swaps; and (C) has a total notional exposure of swaps and security-based swaps of not more than $8,000,000,000. (14) OTHER BANKING TERMS .—The terms ‘‘in-sured depository institution’’ and ‘‘depository institution holding company’’ have the meaning given those terms, respectively, under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. (15) O
THER CAPITAL TERMS .—With respect to a banking organization, the terms ‘‘additional tier 1 capital’’ and ‘‘common equity tier 1 capital’’ have the meaning given such terms, respectively, under section 3.20, 217.20, or 324.20 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, as applicable, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE VII—EMPOWERING AMERICANS TO ACHIEVE FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE Subtitle A—Separation of Powers and Liberty Enhancements 
SEC. 711. CONSUMER LAW ENFORCEMENT AGEN-CY. 
(a) M AKING THE BUREAU AN INDEPENDENT  C
ONSUMER LAWENFORCEMENT AGENCY .—The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1011— (A) in the heading of such section, by striking ‘‘BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PRO-TECTION’’ and inserting ‘‘CONSUMER LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in the heading of such subsection, by strik-ing ‘‘B
UREAU ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GENCY ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘in the Federal Reserve Sys-tem,’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘independent bureau’’ and in-serting ‘‘independent agency’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’ (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘Agency’)’’; (C) in subsection (b)(5), by amending subpara-graph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) shall be appointed by the President; and’’; (D) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (3); (E) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘, including in cities in which the Federal reserve banks, or branches of such banks, are located,’’; and (F) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; and (2) in section 1012— (A) in subsection (a)(10), by striking ‘‘exami-nations,’’; and (B) by striking subsection (c). (b) D
EEMING OF NAME.—Any reference in a law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall be deemed a reference to the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
ODD-FRANK WALL STREET REFORM AND  
CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT .—The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in the table of contents in section 1(b)— (i) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (ii) in the table of contents relating to title X, in the items relating to subtitle B, subtitle C, and section 1027, by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agen-cy’’; (B) in section 2, by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency established under title X.’’; (C) in section 342 by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears in headings and text and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; (D) in section 1400(b)— (i) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (ii) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTEC -
TION’’ and inserting ‘‘C ONSUMER LAWENFORCE -
MENT AGENCY ’’; (E) in section 1411(a)(1), by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; and (F) in section 1447, by striking ‘‘Director of the Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Director of the Consumer Law En-forcement Agency’’. (2) A
LTERNATIVE MORTGAGE TRANSACTION PAR -
ITY ACT OF 1982 .—The Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982 (12 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (B) in the subsection heading of subsection (d) of section 804 (12 U.S.C. 3803(d)), by striking ‘‘B
UREAU ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GENCY ’’. (3) E
LECTRONIC FUND TRANSFER ACT .—The Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693 et seq.) is amended— (A) by amending the second paragraph (4) (defining the term ‘‘Bureau’’) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) the term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency;’’; (B) in section 916(d)(1), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place that term appears in heading or text and inserting ‘‘Agen-cy’’. (4) E
QUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY ACT .—The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 702 (15 U.S.C. 1691a), by amend-ing subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place that term appears in heading or text and inserting ‘‘Agen-cy’’. (5) E
XPEDITED FUNDS AVAILABILITY ACT .—The Expedited Funds Availability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (B) in the heading of section 605(f)(1), by striking ‘‘
BOARD AND BUREAU ’’ and inserting ‘‘B
OARD AND AGENCY ’’. (6) F
AIR AND ACCURATE CREDIT TRANSACTIONS  
ACT OF 2003 .—The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–159) is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears in heading and text and inserting ‘‘Agency’’. (7) F
AIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT .—The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (A) by amending section 603(w) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(w) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears, other than in sections 626 and 603(v), and inserting ‘‘Agency’’. (8) F
AIR DEBT COLLECTION PRACTICES ACT .— The Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (15 U.S.C. 1692 et seq.) is amended— (A) by amending section 803(1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears in heading or text and inserting ‘‘Agency’’. (9) F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT .—The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended— (A) in the second paragraph (6) (with the heading ‘‘Referral to bureau of consumer finan-cial protection’’) of section 8(t) (12 U.S.C. 1818(t))— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
BU-
REAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION ’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4767 June 8, 2017 
and inserting ‘‘C ONSUMER LAW ENFORCEMENT  
AGENCY ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (B) by amending clause (vi) of section 11(t)(2)(A) (12 U.S.C. 1821(t)(2)(A)(vi)) to read as follows: ‘‘(vi) The Consumer Law Enforcement Agen-cy.’’; (C) in section 18(x) (12 U.S.C. 1828(x)), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion’’ each place such term appears and insert-ing ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (D) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; and (E) in section 43(e) (12 U.S.C. 1831t(e)), by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’. (10) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAM -
INATION COUNCIL ACT OF 1978 .—The Federal Fi-nancial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 1004(a)(4), by striking ‘‘Con-sumer Financial Protection Bureau’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (B) in section 1011, by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (11) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REFORM , RECOV -
ERY, AND ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 1989 .—The Fi- nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–73; 103 Stat. 183) is amended— (A) in section 1112(b) (12 U.S.C. 3341), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforce-ment Agency’’; (B) in section 1124 (12 U.S.C. 3353), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (C) in section 1125 (12 U.S.C. 3354), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (D) in section 1206(a) (12 U.S.C. 1833b(a)), by striking ‘‘Federal Housing Finance Board’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Farm Credit Adminis-tration’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency, the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency, and the Farm Credit Administration’’. (12) F
INANCIAL LITERACY AND EDUCATION IM -
PROVEMENT ACT .—Section 513 of the Financial Literacy and Education Improvement Act (20 U.S.C. 9702) is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (13) G
RAMM -LEACH-BLILEY ACT .—Title V of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6801 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (B) in section 505(a)(8) (15 U.S.C. 6805(a)(8)), by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Agency’’. (14) H
OME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT OF  
1975.—The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; and (C) in section 303, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) the term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency;’’. (15) H
OMEOWNERS PROTECTION ACT OF 1998 .— Section 10(a)(4) of the Homeowners Protection Act of 1998 (12 U.S.C. 4909(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforce-ment Agency’’. (16) HOME OWNERSHIP AND EQUITY PROTECTION  
ACT OF 1994 .—Section 158(a) of the Home Owner-ship and Equity Protection Act of 1994 (15 U.S.C. 1601 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Bu-reau’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforce-ment Agency’’. (17) I
NTERSTATE LAND SALES FULL DISCLOSURE  
ACT.—The Interstate Land Sales Full Disclosure Act (12 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; (B) in section 1402, by amending paragraph (12) to read as follows: ‘‘(12) ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law En-forcement Agency.’’; and (C) in section 1416, by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agen-cy’’. (18) R
EAL ESTATE SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES  
ACT OF 1974 .—The Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; and (C) in section 3, by amending paragraph (9) to read as follows: ‘‘(9) the term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’. (19) R
EVISED STATUES OF THE UNITED  
STATES .—Section 5136C(b)(3)(B) of the Revised Statutes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 25b(b)(3)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (20) R
IGHT TO FINANCIAL PRIVACY ACT OF  
1978.—The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3401 et seq.) is amended— (A) by amending subparagraph (B) of section 1101(7) (12 U.S.C. 3401(7)(B)) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) the Consumer Law Enforcement Agen-cy;’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears in heading or text and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (21) S.A.F.E. 
MORTGAGE LICENSING ACT OF  
2008.—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 1507, by striking ‘‘Bureau, and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (C) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such ap-pears, other than in sections 1505(a)(1), 1507(a)(2)(A), and 1511(b), and inserting ‘‘Agen-cy’’; (D) in section 1503, by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’; (E) in the heading of section 1508, by striking ‘‘BUREAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PRO-TECTION’’ and inserting ‘‘CONSUMER LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY’’; and (F) in the heading of section 1514, by striking ‘‘BUREAU’’ and inserting ‘‘AGENCY’’. (22) T
ELEMARKETING AND CONSUMER FRAUD  
AND ABUSE PREVENTION ACT .—The Tele-marketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Pre-vention Act (15 U.S.C. 6101 et seq.) is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ each place such term appears in heading or text and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (23) T
ITLE 5 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 552a(w)— (i) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘B
U-
REAU OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL PROTECTION ’’ and inserting ‘‘CONSUMER LAWENFORCEMENT  A
GENCY ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Finan-cial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (B) in section 609(d)(2), by striking ‘‘Consumer Financial Protection Bureau of the Federal Re-serve System’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; and (C) in section 3132(a)(1)(D), by inserting ‘‘the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency,’’ before ‘‘and the National Credit Union Administra-tion’’. (24) T
ITLE 10 , UNITED STATES CODE .— (A) S
ECTION 987 .—Section 987(h)(3)(E) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (B) NDAA 
FY 2015 .—Section 557(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–29; 128 Stat. 3381; 10 U.S.C. 1144 note), is amended by striking ‘‘Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law En-forcement Agency’’. (25) T
ITLE 44 , UNITED STATES CODE .—Title 44, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 3502(5), by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection,’’; and (B) in section 3513(c), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’. (26) T
RUTH IN LENDING ACT .—The Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amend-ed— (A) by amending section 103(b) (15 U.S.C. 1602(b)) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’; (B) by amending section 103(c) (15 U.S.C. 1602(c)) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) B
OARD .—The term ‘Board’ means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem.’’; and (C) in section 128(f) (15 U.S.C. 1638(f)), by striking ‘‘Board’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; (D) in sections 129B (15 U.S.C. 1639b) and 129C (15 U.S.C. 1639c), by striking ‘‘Board’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agen-cy’’; (E) in section 140A (15 U.S.C. 1651), by strik-ing ‘‘in consultation with the Bureau’’ and in-serting ‘‘in consultation with the Federal Trade Commission’’; (F) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears in heading or text and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; and (G) by striking ‘‘
BUREAU ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
GENCY ’’ in the paragraph headings for— (i) section 122(d)(2) (15 U.S.C. 1632(d)(2)); (ii) section 127(c)(5) (15 U.S.C. 1637(c)(5)); (iii) section 127(r)(3) (15 U.S.C. 1637(r)(3)); and (iv) section 127A(a)(14) (15 U.S.C. 1637a(a)(14)). (27) T
RUTH IN SAVINGS ACT .—The Truth in Savings Act (12 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.) is amended— (A) by amending paragraph (4) of section 274 (12 U.S.C. 4313(4)) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) A
GENCY .—The term ‘Agency’ means the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency.’’; (B) by striking ‘‘National Credit Union Ad-ministration Bureau’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘National Credit Union Ad-ministration Board’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’, except in section 233(b)(4)(B). 
SEC. 712. BRINGING THE AGENCY INTO THE REG-ULAR APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
Section 1017 of the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5497) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by amending the heading of such sub-section to read as follows: ‘‘B
UDGET , FINANCIAL  M
ANAGEMENT , ANDAUDIT.—’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4768 June 8, 2017 
(B) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (D) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) of paragraph (1), as so redesignated; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); (3) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (A) by striking paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Agency for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018 an amount equal to the aggregate amount of funds transferred by the Board of Governors to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection dur-ing fiscal year 2015.’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2). 
SEC. 713. CONSUMER LAW ENFORCEMENT AGEN-CY INSPECTOR GENERAL REFORM. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT OF INSPECTOR GENERAL .— The Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in section 8G— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘For pur-poses of implementing this section’’ and all that follows through the end of the subsection; and (C) in subsection (g)(3), by striking ‘‘and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection’’; and (2) in section 12— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Con-sumer Law Enforcement Agency;’’ after ‘‘the President of the Export-Import Bank;’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the Con-sumer Law Enforcement Agency,’’ after ‘‘the Export-Import Bank,’’. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR THE INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL FOR THE CONSUMER LAWENFORCEMENT  A
GENCY .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Section 1011 of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5491), as amended by section 311, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL .—There is estab-lished the position of the Inspector General of the Agency.’’; and (2) H
EARINGS .—Section 1016 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5496) is amended by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL REQUIREMENT FOR INSPEC -
TOR GENERAL .—On a separate occasion from that described in subsection (a), the Inspector General of the Agency shall appear before each of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Represent-atives at semi-annual hearings no less fre-quently than twice annually, at a date deter-mined by the chairman of the respective com-mittee, to testify regarding the reports required under subsection (b) and the reports required under section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.).’’. (3) P
ARTICIPATION IN THE COUNCIL OF INSPEC -
TORS GENERAL ON FINANCIAL OVERSIGHT .—Sec- tion 989E(a)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) The Consumer Law Enforcement Agen-cy.’’. (4) D
EADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall appoint an Inspec-tor General for the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency in accordance with section 3 of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). (c) T
RANSITION PERIOD .—The Inspector Gen-eral of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection shall serve in that position until the confirmation of an Inspector General for the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency. At that time, the Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall become the Inspector General of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. SEC. 714. PRIVATE PARTIES AUTHORIZED TO COMPEL THE AGENCY TO SEEK SANCTIONS BY FILING CIVIL AC-TIONS; ADJUDICATIONS DEEMED AC-TIONS. 
Section 1053 of the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5563) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
RIVATE PARTIES AUTHORIZED TO COMPEL  
THEAGENCY TO SEEKSANCTIONS BY FILING CIVIL A
CTIONS .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE PRO -
CEEDING .—In the case of any person who is a party to a proceeding brought by the Agency under this section, to which chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, applies, and against whom an order imposing a cease and desist order or a penalty may be issued at the conclusion of the proceeding, that person may, not later than 20 days after receiving notice of such proceeding, and at that person’s discretion, require the Agency to terminate the proceeding. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL ACTION AUTHORIZED .—If a person requires the Agency to terminate a proceeding pursuant to paragraph (1), the Agency may bring a civil action against that person for the same remedy that might be imposed. ‘‘(g) A
DJUDICATIONS DEEMED ACTIONS .—Any administrative adjudication commenced under this section shall be deemed an ‘action’ for pur-poses of section 1054(g).’’. 
SEC. 715. CIVIL INVESTIGATIVE DEMANDS TO BE APPEALED TO COURTS. 
Section 1052 of the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5562) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting after ‘‘shall state’’ the following: ‘‘with specificity’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) M
EETING REQUIREMENT .—The recipient of a civil investigative demand shall meet and confer with an Agency investigator within 30 calendar days after receipt of the demand to dis-cuss and attempt to resolve all issues regarding compliance with the civil investigative demand, unless the Agency grants an extension requested by such recipient.’’; (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the service of any civil investigative demand upon any person under subsection (c), or at any time before the return date specified in the de-mand, whichever period is shorter, or within such period exceeding 45 days after service or in excess of such return date as may be prescribed in writing, subsequent to service, by any Agency investigator named in the demand, such person may file, in the district court of the United States for any judicial district in which such person resides, is found, or transacts business, a petition for an order modifying or setting aside the demand.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘at the Bu-reau’’; and (3) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 716. AGENCY DUAL MANDATE AND ECO-NOMIC ANALYSIS. 
(a) P URPOSE .—Section 1021(a) of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5511(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In addition, the Director shall seek to implement and, where applicable, en-force Federal consumer financial law consist-ently for the purpose of strengthening participa-tion in markets by covered persons, without Government interference or subsidies, to in-crease competition and enhance consumer choice.’’. (b) O
FFICE OF ECONOMIC ANALYSIS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1013 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5493), as amended by section 725, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) O
FFICE OF ECONOMIC ANALYSIS .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Director shall, not later than the end of the 60-day period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this sub-section, establish an Office of Economic Anal-ysis. ‘‘(2) D
IRECT REPORTING .—The head of the Of-fice of Economic Analysis shall report directly to the Director. ‘‘(3) R
EVIEW AND ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSED  
RULES AND REGULATIONS .—The Office of Eco-nomic Analysis shall— ‘‘(A) review all proposed rules and regula-tions, including regulatory guidance, of the Agency; ‘‘(B) assess the impact of such rules and regu-lations, including regulatory guidance, on con-sumer choice, price, and access to credit prod-ucts; and ‘‘(C) publish a report on such reviews and as-sessments in the Federal Register. ‘‘(4) M
EASURING EXISTING RULES AND REGULA -
TIONS .—The Office of Economic Analysis shall— ‘‘(A) review each rule and regulation issued by the Agency after 1, 2, 6, and 11 years of the date such rule became effective; ‘‘(B) measure the rule or regulation’s success in solving the problem that the rule or regula-tion was intended to solve when issued; and ‘‘(C) publish a report on such review and measurement in the Federal Register. ‘‘(5) C
OST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS RELATED TO AD -
MINISTRATIVE ENFORCEMENT AND CIVIL AC -
TIONS .—The Office of Economic Analysis shall— ‘‘(A) carry out a cost-benefit analysis of any proposed administrative enforcement action, civil lawsuit, or consent order of the Agency; and ‘‘(B) assess the impact of such complaint, law-suit, or order on consumer choice, price, and ac-cess to credit products.’’. (2) C
ONSIDERATION OF REVIEW AND ASSESS -
MENT ; RULEMAKING REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1022(b) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5512(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) C
ONSIDERATION OF REVIEW AND ASSESS -
MENT BY THE OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ANALYSIS .— Before issuing any rule or regulation, the Direc-tor shall consider the review and assessment of such rule or regulation, including regulatory guidance, carried out by the Office of Economic Analysis. ‘‘(6) I
DENTIFICATION OF PROBLEMS AND  
METRICS FOR JUDGING SUCCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall, in each proposed rulemaking of the Agency— ‘‘(i) identify the problem that the particular rule or regulations is seeking to solve; and ‘‘(ii) specify the metrics by which the Agency will measure the success of the rule or regula-tion in solving such problem. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIRED METRICS .—The metrics speci-fied under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall include a measurement of changes to consumer access to, and cost of, consumer financial products and services.’’. (3) C
ONSIDERATION OF COST -BENEFIT REVIEW  
RELATED TO ADMINISTRATIVE ACTIONS .—The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amend-ed— (A) in subtitle E of title X, by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1059. CONSIDERATION OF COST-BENEFIT ANALYSIS RELATED TO ADMINISTRA-TIVE ENFORCEMENT AND CIVIL AC-TIONS. 
‘‘Before initiating any administrative enforce-ment action or civil lawsuit or entering into a consent order, the Director shall consider the cost-benefit analysis of such action, lawsuit, or order carried out by the Office of Economic Analysis.’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4769 June 8, 2017 
(B) in the table of contents under section 1(b), by inserting after the item relating to section 1058 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1059. Consideration of cost-benefit anal-ysis related to administrative en-forcement and civil actions.’’. (c) A
VOIDANCE OF DUPLICATIVE OR UNNECES -
SARY ANALYSES .—The Consumer Law Enforce-ment Agency may perform any of the analyses required by the amendments made by this sec-tion in conjunction with, or as part of, any other agenda or analysis required by any other provision of law, if such other agenda or anal-ysis satisfies the provisions of this section. 
SEC. 717. NO DEFERENCE TO AGENCY INTERPRE-TATION. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1022(b)(4)— (A) by striking ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (2) in section 1061(b)(5)(E)— (A) by striking ‘‘affords to the—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(i) Federal Trade Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘affords to the Federal Trade Commission’’; (B) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking clause (ii). Subtitle B—Administrative Enhancements 
SEC. 721. ADVISORY OPINIONS. 
Section 1022(b) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5512(b)), as amended by section 716, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) A
DVISORY OPINIONS .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHING PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall establish a procedure and, as necessary, promulgate rules to provide written opinions in response to in-quiries concerning the conformance of specific conduct with Federal consumer financial law. In establishing the procedure, the Director shall consult with the prudential regulators and such other Federal departments and agencies as the Director determines appropriate, and obtain the views of all interested persons through a public notice and comment period. ‘‘(ii) S
COPE OF REQUEST .—A request for an opinion under this paragraph must relate to specific proposed or prospective conduct by a covered person contemplating the proposed or prospective conduct. ‘‘(iii) S
UBMISSION .—A request for an opinion under this paragraph may be submitted to the Director either by or on behalf of a covered per-son. ‘‘(iv) R
IGHT TO WITHDRAW INQUIRY .—Any in- quiry under this paragraph may be withdrawn at any time prior to the Director issuing an opinion in response to such inquiry, and any opinion based on an inquiry that has been with-drawn shall have no force or effect. ‘‘(B) I
SSUANCE OF OPINIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall, within 90 days of receiving the request for an opinion under this paragraph, either— ‘‘(I) issue an opinion stating whether the de-scribed conduct would violate Federal consumer financial law; ‘‘(II) if permissible under clause (iii), deny the request; or ‘‘(III) explain why it is not feasible to issue an opinion. ‘‘(ii) E
XTENSION .—Notwithstanding clause (i), if the Director determines that the Agency re-quires additional time to issue an opinion, the Director may make a single extension of the deadline of 90 days or less. ‘‘(iii) D
ENIAL OF REQUESTS .—The Director shall not issue an opinion, and shall so inform the requestor, if the request for an opinion— ‘‘(I) asks a general question of interpretation; ‘‘(II) asks about a hypothetical situation; ‘‘(III) asks about the conduct of someone other than the covered person on whose behalf the request is made; ‘‘(IV) asks about past conduct that the cov-ered person on whose behalf the request is made does not plan to continue in the future; or ‘‘(V) fails to provide necessary supporting in-formation requested by the Agency within a rea-sonable time established by the Agency. ‘‘(iv) AMENDMENT AND REVOCATION .—An advi- sory opinion issued under this paragraph may be amended or revoked at any time. ‘‘(v) P
UBLIC DISCLOSURE .—An opinion ren-dered pursuant to this paragraph shall be placed in the Agency’s public record 90 days after the requesting party has received the ad-vice, subject to any limitations on public disclo-sure arising from statutory restrictions, Agency regulations, or the public interest. The Agency shall redact any personal, confidential, or iden-tifying information about the covered person or any other persons mentioned in the advisory opinion, unless the covered person consents to such disclosure. ‘‘(vi) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Agency shall, concurrent with the semi-annual report required under section 1016(b), submit informa-tion regarding the number of requests for an ad-visory opinion received, the subject of each re-quest, the number of requests denied pursuant to clause (iii), and the time needed to respond to each request. ‘‘(C) R
ELIANCE ON OPINION .—Any person may rely on an opinion issued by the Director pursu-ant to this paragraph that has not been amend-ed or withdrawn. No liability under Federal consumer financial law shall attach to conduct consistent with an advisory opinion that had not been amended or withdrawn at the time the conduct was undertaken. ‘‘(D) A
SSISTANCE FOR SMALL BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall assist, to the maximum extent practicable, small busi-nesses in preparing inquiries under this para-graph. ‘‘(ii) S
MALL BUSINESS DEFINED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘small business’ has the meaning given the term ‘small business concern’ under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). ‘‘(E) I
NQUIRY FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Director shall develop a system to charge a fee for each inquiry made under this paragraph in an amount sufficient, in the aggregate, to pay for the cost of carrying out this paragraph. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE AND COMMENT .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, the Director shall publish a descrip-tion of the fee system described in clause (i) in the Federal Register and shall solicit comments from the public for a period of 60 days after publication. ‘‘(iii) F
INALIZATION .—The Director shall pub-lish a final description of the fee system and im-plement such fee system not later than 30 days after the end of the public comment period de-scribed in clause (ii).’’. 
SEC. 722. REFORM OF CONSUMER FINANCIAL CIVIL PENALTY FUND. 
(a) S EGREGATED ACCOUNTS .—Section 1017(b) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as redesignated by section 712, is amended by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3), and by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(2) S
EGREGATED ACCOUNTS IN CIVIL PENALTY  
FUND .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall establish and maintain a segregated account in the Civil Penalty Fund each time the Agency obtains a civil penalty against any person in any judicial or administrative action under Federal con-sumer financial laws. ‘‘(B) D
EPOSITS IN SEGREGATED ACCOUNTS .— The Agency shall deposit each civil penalty col-lected into the segregated account established for such penalty under subparagraph (A).’’. (b) P
AYMENT TO VICTIMS .—Paragraph (3) of section 1017(b) of such Act, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) PAYMENT TO VICTIMS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) I
DENTIFICATION OF CLASS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of deposit of amounts in a segregated account in the Civil Penalty Fund, the Agency shall identify the class of victims of the violation of Federal consumer financial laws for which such amounts were collected and de-posited under paragraph (2). ‘‘(ii) P
AYMENTS .—The Agency, within 2 years after the date on which such class of victims is identified, shall locate and make payments from such amounts to each victim. ‘‘(B) F
UNDS DEPOSITED IN TREASURY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency shall deposit into the general fund of the Treasury any amounts remaining in a segregated account in the Civil Penalty Fund at the end of the 2-year period for payments to victims under subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(ii) I
MPOSSIBLE OR IMPRACTICAL PAYMENTS .— If the Agency determines before the end of the 2-year period for payments to victims under sub-paragraph (A) that such victims cannot be lo-cated or payments to such victims are otherwise not practicable, the Agency shall deposit into the general fund of the Treasury the amounts in the segregated account in the Civil Penalty Fund.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to civil pen-alties collected after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) A
MOUNTS IN CONSUMER FINANCIAL CIVIL  
PENALTY FUND ON DATE OF ENACTMENT .—With respect to amounts in the Consumer Financial Civil Penalty Fund on the date of enactment of this Act that were not allocated for consumer education and financial literacy programs on or before September 30, 2015, the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency shall separate such amounts into segregated accounts in accordance with, and for purposes of, section 1017(d) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, as amended by this section. The date of deposit of such amounts shall be deemed to be the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 723. AGENCY PAY FAIRNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1013(a)(2) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5493(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—The rates of basic pay for all employees of the Agency shall be set and adjusted by the Director in accordance with the General Schedule set forth in section 5332 of title 5, United States Code.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to service by an employee of the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency following the 90-day period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 724. ELIMINATION OF MARKET MONITORING FUNCTIONS. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1021(c)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively; (2) in section 1022, by striking subsection (c); and (3) in section 1026(b), by striking ‘‘, and to as-sess and detect risks to consumers and consumer financial markets’’. 
SEC. 725. REFORMS TO MANDATORY FUNCTIONAL UNITS. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1013— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall estab-lish’’ and inserting ‘‘may establish’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘shall estab-lish’’ and inserting ‘‘may establish’’; and (iii) paragraph (3)(D)— (I) by striking ‘‘To facilitate preparation of the reports required under subparagraph (C), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4770 June 8, 2017 
supervision and enforcement activities, and monitoring of the market for consumer financial products and services, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In-formation collected under this paragraph may not be made publicly available, except as re-quired by law.’’; (B) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall estab-lish’’ and inserting ‘‘may establish’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘There is es-tablished the’’ and inserting ‘‘At any time when the Office of Fair Lending and Equal Oppor-tunity exists within the Agency, there shall be a’’; (C) in subsection (d)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall estab-lish’’ and inserting ‘‘may establish’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, if such Office exists within the Agency,’’ after ‘‘Community Affairs Office’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘estab-lished by the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘, if estab-lished by the Director,’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Not later than 24 months after the designated transfer date, and annually thereafter,’’ and inserting ‘‘Annually, at any time when the Office of Fi-nancial Education exists within the Agency,’’; (D) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘shall es-tablish’’ and inserting ‘‘may establish’’; (E) by striking subsection (f); (F) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; and (G) in subsection (f), as so redesignated— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘Before the end of the 180-day period beginning on the designated transfer date, the Director shall’’ and inserting ‘‘The Di-rector may’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘on protection from unfair, deceptive, and abusive practices and’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘The Office’’ and inserting ‘‘At any time when the Office of Financial Protection for Older Americans exists within the Agency, the Office’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) in subparagraph (A)— (aa) by striking clause (i); (bb) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; and (cc) in clause (ii), as so redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘to respond to consumer problems caused by unfair, deceptive, or abusive practices’’; (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and alert the Commission and State regulators of certifications or designations that are identified as unfair, deceptive, or abusive’’; and (III) in subparagraph (D)— (aa) by striking clause (i); and (bb) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (2) in section 1029(e), by inserting after ‘‘Af-fairs,’’ the following: ‘‘if established under this title,’’; and (3) in section 1035— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘shall des-ignate’’ and inserting ‘‘may designate’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘The Sec-retary’’ and inserting ‘‘If the Secretary des-ignates the Ombudsman under subsection (a), the Secretary’’. 
SEC. 726. REPEAL OF MANDATORY ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1014 of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5494) is repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relation to section 1014. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as limiting the author-ity of the Director of the Consumer Law En-forcement Agency to establish advisory commit-tees pursuant to the Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act. SEC. 727. ELIMINATION OF SUPERVISION AU-THORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1002(15)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘examination or’’; (2) in section 1013(a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘com-pliance examiners, compliance supervision ana-lysts,’’; (3) in section 1016(c)— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘supervisory and’’; and (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘orders, and supervisory actions’’ and inserting ‘‘and or-ders’’; (4) in section 1024— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ SUPER- VISION OF’’ and inserting ‘‘AUTHORITY WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘as de-fined by rule in accordance with paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘as of the date of the enactment of the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (iv) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘1025(a) or’’; (C) by striking subsection (b); (D) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (b), (c), (d), and (e), re-spectively; (E) in subsection (c), as so redesignated— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDEXAMINA -
TION AUTHORITY ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, conduct examinations,’’ each place such term appears; (F) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘rulemaking and enforcement, but not supervisory,’’ before ‘‘authority of the Bureau’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘conducting any examination or requiring any report from a service provider subject to this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘car-rying out any authority pursuant to this sub-section with respect to a service provider’’; (5) by striking section 1025; (6) in section 1026— (A) by amending subsection (a) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) S
COPE OF COVERAGE .—This section shall apply to any covered person that is an insured depository institution or an insured credit union.’’; (B) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘report of examination or related’’; (C) by striking subsection (c); (D) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (E) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) V
ERY LARGE INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(A) P
RIMARY ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .— Notwithstanding paragraph (1), to the extent that the Agency and another Federal agency are authorized to enforce a Federal consumer fi-nancial law, the Agency shall have primary au-thority to enforce that Federal consumer finan-cial law with respect to an insured depository institution or insured credit union, if such de-pository institution or credit union has total as-sets of more than $10,000,000,000, and any affil-iate thereof. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRAL .—Any Federal agency, other than the Federal Trade Commission, that is au-thorized to enforce a Federal consumer financial law may recommend, in writing, to the Agency that the Agency initiate an enforcement pro-ceeding with respect to a person described in subparagraph (A), as the Agency is authorized to do by that Federal consumer financial law. ‘‘(C) B
ACKUP ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY .—If the Agency does not, before the end of the 120- day period beginning on the date on which the Agency receives a recommendation under sub-paragraph (B), initiate an enforcement pro-ceeding, the other agency referred to in sub-paragraph (B) may initiate an enforcement pro-ceeding.’’; and (F) in subsection (d), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting after ‘‘subsection (a)’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘, or to any person described under sub-section (c)(3)(A),’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 1025’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘When conducting any exam-ination or requiring any report from a service provider subject to this subsection’’ and insert-ing ‘‘In carrying out any authority pursuant to this subsection with respect to a service pro-vider’’; (7) in section 1027— (A) by striking ‘‘supervisory,’’ each place such term appears; (B) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘super-visory or’’; and (C) in subsection (p), by striking ‘‘section 1024(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1024(b)(1)’’; (8) in section 1034— (A) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b); (9) in section 1053— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-tions 1024, 1025, and 1026’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tions 1024 and 1026’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(3)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘, by examination or otherwise,’’; (10) in section 1054(a), by striking ‘‘sections 1024, 1025, and 1026’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1024 and 1026’’; (11) in section 1061— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; (ii) by striking ‘‘means—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(A) all’’ and inserting ‘‘means all’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by amending paragraph (1) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) EXAMINATION .—A transferor agency that is a prudential regulator shall have exclusive authority (relative to the Bureau) to require re-ports from and conduct examinations for compli-ance with Federal consumer financial laws with respect to a person described in section 1026(a).’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking subparagraph (A); and (II) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (12) in section 1063, by striking ‘‘sections 1024, 1025, and 1026’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘sections 1024 and 1026’’; and (13) in section 1067, by striking subsection (e). (b) H
OME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT OF  1975.—Section 305(d) of the Home Mortgage Dis-closure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2804(d)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘examine and’’. (c) O
MNIBUS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2009.—Sec- tion 626 of the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (15 U.S.C. 1638 note) is repealed. (d) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended— (1) in the item relating to section 1024, by striking ‘‘SUPERVISION OF’’ and inserting ‘‘AUTHORITY WITH RESPECT TO CER-TAIN’’; and (2) by striking the item relating to section 1025. 
SEC. 728. TRANSFER OF OLD OTS BUILDING FROM OCC TO GSA. 
Within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller of the Currency shall transfer, at no cost, the parcel of real property in the District of Columbia located at 1700 G Street, Northwest, to the administrative jurisdiction, custody, and control of the Admin-istrator of General Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4771 June 8, 2017 
SEC. 729. LIMITATION ON AGENCY AUTHORITY. 
Section 1027 of the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5517) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘may not exercise any rulemaking or enforcement au-thority’’ and inserting ‘‘may not exercise any rulemaking, enforcement, or other authority’’; (2) in subsection (i)(1), by striking ‘‘shall have no authority to exercise any power to enforce this title’’ and inserting ‘‘may not exercise any rulemaking, enforcement, or other authority’’; and (3) in subsection (j)(1), by striking ‘‘shall have no authority to exercise any power to enforce this title’’ and inserting ‘‘may not exercise any rulemaking, enforcement, or other authority’’. Subtitle C—Policy Enhancements 
SEC. 731. CONSUMER RIGHT TO FINANCIAL PRI-VACY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT OF THE AGENCY TO OBTAIN  P
ERMISSION BEFORE COLLECTING NONPUBLIC  P
ERSONAL INFORMATION .—Section 1022 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5512), as amended by section 724(2), is further amended by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) C
ONSUMER PRIVACY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Agency may not re-quest, obtain, access, collect, use, retain, or dis-close any nonpublic personal information about a consumer unless— ‘‘(A) the Agency clearly and conspicuously discloses to the consumer, in writing or in an electronic form, what information will be re-quested, obtained, accessed, collected, used, re-tained, or disclosed; and ‘‘(B) before such information is requested, ob-tained, accessed, collected, used, retained, or disclosed, the consumer informs the Agency that such information may be requested, obtained, accessed, collected, used, retained, or disclosed. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION OF REQUIREMENT TO CON -
TRACTORS OF THE AGENCY .—Paragraph (1) shall apply to any person directed or engaged by the Agency to collect information to the extent such information is being collected on behalf of the Agency. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION OF NONPUBLIC PERSONAL IN -
FORMATION .—In this subsection, the term ‘non-public personal information’ has the meaning given the term in section 509 of the Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act (15 U.S.C. 6809).’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF EXEMPTION FOR THE AGENCY  F
ROM THE RIGHT TO FINANCIAL PRIVACY ACT.— Section 1113 of the Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3413) is amended by strik-ing subsection (r). 
SEC. 732. REPEAL OF COUNCIL AUTHORITY TO SET ASIDE AGENCY RULES AND RE-QUIREMENT OF SAFETY AND SOUND-NESS CONSIDERATIONS WHEN ISSUING RULES. 
(a) R EPEAL OF AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1023 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5513) is hereby repealed. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1022(b)(2)(C) of the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5512(b)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘, except that nothing in this clause shall be construed as altering or lim-iting the procedures under section 1023 that may apply to any rule prescribed by the Bureau’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents under section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1023. (b) S
AFETY AND SOUNDNESS CHECK .—Section 1022(b)(2)(A) of the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5512(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the impact of such rule on the financial safety or soundness of an insured depository in-stitution;’’. SEC. 733. REMOVAL OF AUTHORITY TO REGULATE SMALL-DOLLAR CREDIT. 
The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1024(a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (E); and (2) in section 1027, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(t) N
OAUTHORITY TO REGULATE SMALL -DOL-
LARCREDIT .—The Agency may not exercise any rulemaking, enforcement, or other authority with respect to payday loans, vehicle title loans, or other similar loans.’’. 
SEC. 734. REFORMING INDIRECT AUTO FINANC-ING GUIDANCE. 
(a) N ULLIFICATION OF AUTO LENDING GUID-
ANCE.—Bulletin 2013–02 of the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection (published March 21, 2013) shall have no force or effect. (b) G
UIDANCE REQUIREMENTS .—Section 1022(b) of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5512(b)), as amended by section 721, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) G
UIDANCE ON INDIRECT AUTO FINANC -
ING.—In proposing and issuing guidance pri-marily related to indirect auto financing, the Agency shall— ‘‘(A) provide for a public notice and comment period before issuing the guidance in final form; ‘‘(B) make available to the public, including on the website of the Agency, all studies, data, methodologies, analyses, and other information relied on by the Agency in preparing such guid-ance; ‘‘(C) redact such information as necessary to maintain the nonpublic nature of confidential information, such as trade secrets and other confidential commercial or financial informa-tion, and personally identifiable information; ‘‘(D) consult with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Federal Trade Commission, and the Department of Justice; and ‘‘(E) conduct a study on the costs and impacts of such guidance to consumers and women- owned, minority-owned, veteran-owned, and small businesses, including consumers and small businesses in rural areas.’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to guidance issued by the Consumer Law Enforcement Agen-cy that is not primarily related to indirect auto financing. 
SEC. 735. REMOVAL OF AGENCY UDAAP AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1021(b)(2), by striking ‘‘from un-fair, deceptive, or abusive acts and practices and’’; (2) by striking section 1031; (3) in section 1036(a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘provider’’ and all that follows through ‘‘to offer’’ and inserting ‘‘provider to offer’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraph (3); and (4) in section 1061(b)(5)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘(i) In general.—’’; and (ii) by striking clause (ii); (B) by striking subparagraph (D); and (C) by redesignating subparagraph (E) (as amended by section 717(2)) as subparagraph (D); and (5) in section 1076(b)(2), by striking ‘‘deter-mine—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) pro-vide for’’ and inserting ‘‘determine, provide for’’. (b) T
ELEMARKETING AND CONSUMER FRAUD  
AND ABUSE PREVENTION ACT.—Section 3(c) of the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6102) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(1) shall’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) shall’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1031. 
SEC. 736. PRESERVATION OF UDAP AUTHORITY FOR FEDERAL BANKING REGU-LATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 18(f) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) U
NFAIR OR DECEPTIVE ACTS OR PRACTICES  
BYDEPOSITORY INSTITUTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to prevent unfair or deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce (including acts or practices which are unfair or deceptive to consumers) by depository institutions, each Federal banking regulator shall prescribe regulations to carry out the pur-poses of this section, including regulations de-fining with specificity such unfair or deceptive acts or practices, and containing requirements prescribed for the purpose of preventing such acts or practices. ‘‘(2) P
ROMULGATING SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR  
REGULATIONS .—Whenever the Commission pre-scribes a rule under subsection (a)(1)(B), then within 60 days after such rule takes effect each Federal banking regulator shall promulgate sub-stantially similar regulations prohibiting acts or practices of depository institutions which are substantially similar to those prohibited by rules of the Commission and which impose substan-tially similar requirements, unless— ‘‘(A) the Federal banking regulator finds that such acts or practices of depository institutions are not unfair or deceptive; or ‘‘(B) the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System finds that implementation of similar regulations with respect to depository in-stitutions would seriously conflict with essential monetary and payments systems policies of such Board, and publishes any such finding, and the reasons therefor, in the Federal Register. ‘‘(3) E
NFORCEMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Compliance with regula-tions prescribed under this subsection shall be enforced— ‘‘(i) under section 8 of the Federal Deposit In-surance Act, with respect to a depository insti-tution other than a Federal credit union; and ‘‘(ii) under sections 120 and 206 of the Federal Credit Union Act, with respect to a Federal credit union. ‘‘(B) D
EEMING OF VIOLATION .—For the pur-pose of the exercise by a Federal banking regu-lator of the regulator’s powers under any Act referred to in subparagraph (A), a violation of any regulation prescribed under this subsection shall be deemed to be a violation of a require-ment imposed under that Act. ‘‘(C) E
NFORCEMENT THROUGH ANY EXISTING  
AUTHORITY .—In addition to its powers under any provision of law specifically referred to in subparagraph (A), each Federal banking regu-lator may exercise, for the purpose of enforcing compliance with any regulation prescribed under this subsection, any other authority con-ferred on the regulator by law. ‘‘(4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The authority of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System to issue regulations under this sub-section does not impair the authority of any other Federal banking regulator to make rules respecting the regulator’s own procedures in en-forcing compliance with regulations prescribed under this subsection. ‘‘(5) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Each Federal banking regulator exercising authority under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4772 June 8, 2017 
this subsection shall transmit to the Congress each year a detailed report on its activities under this subsection during the preceding cal-endar year. ‘‘(6) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this Act: ‘‘(A) B
ANK.—The term ‘bank’ means— ‘‘(i) national banks and Federal branches and Federal agencies of foreign banks; ‘‘(ii) member banks of the Federal Reserve System (other than national banks), branches and agencies of foreign banks (other than Fed-eral branches, Federal agencies, and insured State branches of foreign banks), commercial lending companies owned or controlled by for-eign banks, and organizations operating under section 25 or 25A of the Federal Reserve Act; and ‘‘(iii) banks insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (other than banks re-ferred to in clause (i) or (ii)) and insured State branches of foreign banks. ‘‘(B) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION .—The term ‘de-pository institution’ means a bank, a savings and loan institution, or a Federal credit union. ‘‘(C) F
EDERAL BANKING REGULATOR .—The term ‘Federal banking regulator’— ‘‘(i) has the meaning given the term ‘appro-priate Federal banking agency’ under section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act; and ‘‘(ii) means the National Credit Union Admin-istration, in the case of a Federal credit union. ‘‘(D) F
EDERAL CREDIT UNION .—The term ‘Fed-eral credit union’ has the same meaning as in section 101 of the Federal Credit Union Act. ‘‘(E) S
AVINGS AND LOAN INSTITUTION .—The term ‘savings and loan institution’ has the same meaning as in section 3 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. ‘‘(F) O
THER TERMS .—The terms used in this paragraph that are not defined in this Act or otherwise defined in section 3(s) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act shall have the meaning given to them in section 1(b) of the Inter-national Banking Act of 1978.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 41 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 6(j)(6), by striking ‘‘section 18(f)(3) (15 U.S.C. 57a(f)(3)), a Federal credit union described in section 18(f)(4) (15 U.S.C. 57a(f)(4))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 18(f), a Fed-eral credit union described in section 18(f)’’; (2) in section 21(b)(6)(C), by striking ‘‘section 18(f)(3) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(f)(3)), or a Federal credit union de-scribed in section 18(f)(4) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 57a(f)(4))’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 18(f), or a Federal credit union described in section 18(f)’’; (3) by striking ‘‘section 18(f)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 18(f)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘section 18(f)(3)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 18(f)’’; and (5) by striking ‘‘section 18(f)(4)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 18(f)’’. 
SEC. 737. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY TO RESTRICT ARBITRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1028 of the Con-sumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5518) is hereby repealed. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents under section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1028. TITLE VIII—CAPITAL MARKETS IMPROVEMENTS Subtitle A—SEC Reform, Restructuring, and Accountability 
SEC. 801. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Section 35 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78kk) is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (5) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) for fiscal year 2017, $1,605,000,000; ‘‘(2) for fiscal year 2018, $1,655,000,000; ‘‘(3) for fiscal year 2019, $1,705,000,000; ‘‘(4) for fiscal year 2020, $1,755,000,000; ‘‘(5) for fiscal year 2021, $1,805,000,000; and ‘‘(6) for fiscal year 2022, $1,855,000,000.’’. SEC. 802. REPORT ON UNOBLIGATED APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
Section 23 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78w) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) R
EPORT ON UNOBLIGATED APPROPRIA -
TIONS .—If, at the end of any fiscal year, there remain unobligated any funds that were appro-priated to the Commission for such fiscal year, the Commission shall, not later than 30 days after the last day of such fiscal year, submit to the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and make available on the Commission’s website a report stating the amount of such unobligated funds. If there is any material change in the amount stated in the report, the Commission shall, not later than 7 days after determining the amount of the change, submit to such committees and make available on the Commission’s website a supplementary report stating the amount of and reason for the change.’’. 
SEC. 803. SEC RESERVE FUND ABOLISHED. 
Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d) is amended by striking sub-section (i). 
SEC. 804. FEES TO OFFSET APPROPRIATIONS. 
(a) S ECTION 31 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  A
CT OF 1934.—Section 31 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78ee) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) C
OLLECTION .—The Commission shall, in accordance with this section, collect transaction fees and assessments.’’; (2) in subsection (i)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (2),’’ before ‘‘shall’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) G
ENERAL REVENUE .—Any fees collected for a fiscal year pursuant to this section, sec-tions 13(e) and 14(g) of this title, and section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 in excess of the amount provided in appropriation Acts for col-lection for such fiscal year pursuant to such sections shall be deposited and credited as gen-eral revenue of the Treasury.’’; (3) in subsection (j)— (A) by striking ‘‘the regular appropriation to the Commission by Congress for such fiscal year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the target offsetting collection amount for such fis-cal year’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)(2)’’; and (4) by striking subsection (l) and inserting the following: ‘‘(l) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: ‘‘(1) T
ARGET OFFSETTING COLLECTION  
AMOUNT .—The target offsetting collection amount for a fiscal year is— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2017, $1,400,000,000; and ‘‘(B) for each succeeding fiscal year, the tar-get offsetting collection amount for the prior fis-cal year, adjusted by the rate of inflation. ‘‘(2) B
ASELINE ESTIMATE OF THE AGGREGATE  
DOLLAR AMOUNT OF SALES .—The baseline esti-mate of the aggregate dollar amount of sales for any fiscal year is the baseline estimate of the aggregate dollar amount of sales of securities (other than bonds, debentures, other evidences of indebtedness, security futures products, and options on securities indexes (excluding a nar-row-based security index)) to be transacted on each national securities exchange and by or through any member of each national securities association (otherwise than on a national secu-rities exchange) during such fiscal year as de-termined by the Commission, after consultation with the Congressional Budget Office and the Office of Management and Budget, using the methodology required for making projections pursuant to section 257 of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985.’’. (b) SECTION 6(b) OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF  1933.—Section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77f(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘target fee collection amount’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘target off-setting collection amount’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the last sen-tence and inserting the following: ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (6)(B) and (7), an adjusted rate pre-scribed under paragraph (2) shall take effect on the later of— ‘‘(A) the first day of the fiscal year to which such rate applies; or ‘‘(B) five days after the date on which a reg-ular appropriation to the Commission for such fiscal year is enacted.’’; (3) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934’’ after ‘‘sections 13(e) and 14(g)’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (8); (5) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Fees collected pursuant to this subsection for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) except as provided in section 31(i)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, shall be de-posited and credited as offsetting collections to the account providing appropriations to the Commission; and ‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (7), shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tion Acts. ‘‘(7) L
APSE OF APPROPRIATION .—If on the first day of a fiscal year a regular appropriation to the Commission has not been enacted, the Com-mission shall continue to collect fees (as offset-ting collections) under this subsection at the rate in effect during the preceding fiscal year, until 5 days after the date such a regular appro-priation is enacted.’’; and (6) in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (8) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking the subparagraph heading and inserting ‘‘T
ARGET OFFSETTING COLLECTION  
AMOUNT .—’’; and (B) in the heading of the right column of the table, by striking ‘‘fee’’ and inserting ‘‘offset- ting’’. (c) S
ECTION 13(e) OF THE SECURITIES EX-
CHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Section 13(e) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(e)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) O
FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Fees collected pursuant to this subsection for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) except as provided in section 31(i)(2), shall be deposited and credited as offsetting col-lections to the account providing appropriations to the Commission; and ‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (8), shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) L
APSE OF APPROPRIATION .—If on the first day of a fiscal year a regular appropriation to the Commission has not been enacted, the Com-mission shall continue to collect fees (as offset-ting collections) under this subsection at the rate in effect during the preceding fiscal year, until 5 days after the date such a regular appro-priation is enacted.’’. (d) S
ECTION 14(g) OF THE SECURITIES EX-
CHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Section 14(g) of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n(g)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4773 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(5) O FFSETTING COLLECTIONS .—Fees collected pursuant to this subsection for any fiscal year— ‘‘(A) except as provided in section 31(i)(2), shall be deposited and credited as offsetting col-lections to the account providing appropriations to the Commission; and ‘‘(B) except as provided in paragraph (8), shall not be collected for any fiscal year except to the extent provided in advance in appropria-tions Acts.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (8) as para-graph (9); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (7) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) L
APSE OF APPROPRIATION .—If on the first day of a fiscal year a regular appropriation to the Commission has not been enacted, the Com-mission shall continue to collect fees (as offset-ting collections) under this subsection at the rate in effect during the preceding fiscal year, until 5 days after the date such a regular appro-priation is enacted.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section— (1) shall apply beginning on October 1, 2017, except that for fiscal year 2018, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall publish— (A) the rates established under section 31 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended by this section, not later than 30 days after the date on which an Act making a regular appro-priation to the Commission for fiscal year 2018 is enacted; and (B) the rate established under section 6(b) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended by this section, not later than August 31, 2017; and (2) shall not apply with respect to fees for any fiscal year before fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 805. COMMISSION FEDERAL CONSTRUCTION FUNDING PROHIBITION. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission may not obligate any funds for the purpose of Fed-eral construction of a new headquarters facility of the Commission. 
SEC. 806. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA-TIONS. 
Section 967 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) I
MPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall complete an im-plementation of the recommendations contained in the report of the independent consultant issued under subsection (b) on March 10, 2011. To the extent that implementation of certain recommendations requires legislation, the Com-mission shall submit a report to Congress con-taining a request for legislation granting the Commission such authority it needs to fully im-plement such recommendations.’’. 
SEC. 807. OFFICE OF CREDIT RATINGS TO RE-PORT TO THE DIVISION OF TRADING AND MARKETS. 
Section 15E(p)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(p)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘within the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘within the Di-vision of Trading and Markets’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘report to the Chairman’’ and inserting ‘‘report to the head of the Division of Trading and Markets’’. 
SEC. 808. OFFICE OF MUNICIPAL SECURITIES TO REPORT TO THE DIVISION OF TRAD-ING AND MARKETS. 
Section 979 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 78o–4a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, within the Division of Trading and Markets,’’ after ‘‘There shall be in the Commission’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘report to the Chairman’’ and inserting ‘‘report to the head of the Division of Trading and Markets’’. 
SEC. 809. INDEPENDENCE OF COMMISSION OM-BUDSMAN. 
Section 4(g)(8) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(g)(8)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘the In-vestor Advocate shall appoint’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘Investor Advocate’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chairman shall appoint an Ombudsman, who shall report to the Commission’’; and (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘report to the Investor Advo-cate’’ and inserting ‘‘report to the Commission’’; and (B) by striking the last sentence. SEC. 810. INVESTOR ADVISORY COMMITTEE IM-PROVEMENTS. 
Section 39 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78pp) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-mit’’ and inserting ‘‘in consultation with the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee established under section 40, sub-mit’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’; (ii) in subparagraph (D)(iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) a member of the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee who shall be a nonvoting member.’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) T
ERM.— ‘‘(A) L
ENGTH OF TERM FOR MEMBERS OF THE  
COMMITTEE .—Each member of the Committee ap-pointed under paragraph (1), other than the In-vestor Advocate, shall serve for a term of 4 years. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON MULTIPLE TERMS .—A member of the Committee may not serve for more than one term, except for the Investor Advocate, a representative of State securities commissions, and the member of the Small Business Capital Formation Advisory Committee.’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) T
ERM.— ‘‘(A) L
ENGTH OF TERM .—Each member elected under paragraph (1) shall serve for a term of 3 years in the capacity for which the member was elected under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON MULTIPLE TERMS .—A member elected under paragraph (1) may not serve for more than one term in the capacity for which the member was elected under paragraph (1).’’; and (4) by striking subsections (i) and (j). 
SEC. 811. DUTIES OF INVESTOR ADVOCATE. 
Section 4(g)(4) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(g)(4)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) not take a position on any legislation pending before Congress other than a legislative change proposed by the Investor Advocate pur-suant to subparagraph (E); ‘‘(G) consult with the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation on proposed rec-ommendations made under subparagraph (E); and ‘‘(H) advise the Advocate for Small Business Capital Formation on issues related to small business investors.’’. 
SEC. 812. ELIMINATION OF EXEMPTION OF SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL FORMATION AD-VISORY COMMITTEE FROM FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT. 
Section 40 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as added by Public Law 114–284) is amend-ed by striking subsection (h). 
SEC. 813. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— (1) by inserting after section 4G, as added by this Act, the following: ‘‘SEC. 4H. INTERNAL RISK CONTROLS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Each of the following enti-ties, in consultation with the Chief Economist, shall develop comprehensive internal risk con-trol mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by such entity, all market data sharing agreements of such entity, and all academic research performed at such en-tity using market data: ‘‘(1) The Commission. ‘‘(2) Each national security association re-quired to register under section 15A. ‘‘(b) C
ONSOLIDATED AUDIT TRAIL.—The Com- mission may not approve a national market sys-tem plan pursuant to part 242.613 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation), unless the operator of the consoli-dated audit trail created by such plan has de-veloped, in consultation with the Chief Econo-mist, comprehensive internal risk control mecha-nisms to safeguard and govern the storage of all market data by such operator, all market data sharing agreements of such operator, and all academic research performed at such operator using market data.’’; (2) in section 3(a), by redesignating the second paragraph (80) (relating to funding portals) as paragraph (81); and (3) in section 3(a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(82) C
HIEF ECONOMIST .—The term ‘Chief Economist’ means the Director of the Division of Economic and Risk Analysis, or an employee of the Commission with comparable authority, as determined by the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 814. APPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COM-MENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE AD-MINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COM-MISSION. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4H, as added by this Act, the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4I. APPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COM-MENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE AD-MINISTRATIVE PROCEDURE ACT TO GUIDANCE VOTED ON BY THE COM-MISSION. 
‘‘The notice and comment requirements of sec-tion 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall also apply with respect to any Commission statement or guidance, including interpretive rules, gen-eral statements of policy, or rules of Commission organization, procedure, or practice, that has the effect of implementing, interpreting, or pre-scribing law or policy and that is voted on by the Commission.’’. 
SEC. 815. LIMITATION ON PILOT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d), as amend-ed by section 371(e), is further amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON PILOT PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any pilot program estab-lished by self-regulatory organizations, either individually or jointly, and filed with the Com-mission, including under section 11A or 19, shall terminate after the end of the 5-year period be-ginning on the date that the Commission ap-proved such program, unless the Commission issues a rule to permanently continue such pro-gram or approves such program on a permanent basis. ‘‘(2) E
XTENSION .—With respect to a particular pilot program described under paragraph (1), the Commission may extend the 5-year period described under such paragraph for an addi-tional 3 years if the Commission determines such extension is necessary or appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors. ‘‘(3) L
ACK OF STATUTORY AUTHORITY .—If, with respect to a pilot program described under paragraph (1), the Commission determines that the pilot program should continue permanently, but the Commission lacks sufficient statutory authority to permanently continue the program, the Commission shall, not later than 1 year be-fore such pilot program is scheduled to termi-nate pursuant to paragraph (1), notify the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4774 June 8, 2017 
Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate that the Commission believes the program should continue permanently but does not have suffi-cient statutory authority to continue the pro-gram.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF EXISTING PILOT PRO-
GRAMS .—For purposes of section 4(k) of Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934, as added by sub-section (a), the date on which the Commission approved a pilot program that was in existence on the date of the enactment of this Act shall be deemed to be the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 816. PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 
(a) P ERSONS UNDER SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.— Section 8 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intellec-tual property, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (b) P
ERSONS UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  A
CT OF 1934.—Section 23 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78w), as amended by section 802, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intellec-tual property, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (c) I
NVESTMENT COMPANIES .—Section 31 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 30) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an invest-ment company to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property, to the Commis-sion unless the Commission first issues a sub-poena.’’. (d) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS .—Section 204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 4) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an invest-ment adviser to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’; and (2) in the second subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)’’. 
SEC. 817. PROCESS FOR CLOSING INVESTIGA-TIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall es-tablish a process for closing investigations (in-cluding preliminary or informal investigations) that is designed to ensure that the Commission, in a timely manner— (1) makes a determination of whether or not to institute an administrative or judicial action in a matter or refer the matter to the Attorney General for potential criminal prosecution; and (2) if the Commission determines not to insti-tute such an action or refer the matter to the Attorney General, informs the persons who are the subject of the investigation that the inves-tigation is closed. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the authority of the Commission to re-open an investigation if the Commission obtains new evidence after the investigation is closed, subject to any applicable statute of limitations. SEC. 818. ENFORCEMENT OMBUDSMAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d), as amend-ed by section 803, is further amended by insert-ing after subsection (h) the following: ‘‘(i) E
NFORCEMENT OMBUDSMAN .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Commission shall have an Enforcement Ombudsman, who shall be appointed by and report directly to the Commis-sion. ‘‘(2) D
UTIES .—The Enforcement Ombudsman shall— ‘‘(A) act as a liaison between the Commission and any person who is the subject of an inves-tigation (including a preliminary or informal in-vestigation) by the Commission or an adminis-trative or judicial action brought by the Com-mission in resolving problems that such persons may have with the Commission or the conduct of Commission staff; and ‘‘(B) establish safeguards to maintain the con-fidentiality of communications between the per-sons described in subparagraph (A) and the En-forcement Ombudsman. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION .—In carrying out the duties of the Enforcement Ombudsman under para-graph (2), the Enforcement Ombudsman shall utilize personnel of the Commission to the extent practicable. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as replacing, altering, or diminishing the activities of any ombudsman or similar office of any other agency. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—The Enforcement Ombudsman shall submit to the Commission and to the Com-mittee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate an annual report that describes the activities and evaluates the effectiveness of the Enforcement Ombudsman during the preceding year.’’. (b) D
EADLINE FOR INITIAL APPOINTMENT .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall ap-point the initial Enforcement Ombudsman under subsection (i) of section 4 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934, as added by subsection (a), not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act. 
SEC. 819. ADEQUATE NOTICE. 
Section 21 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) A
DEQUATE NOTICE REQUIRED BEFORE  B
RINGING AN ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No person shall be subject to an enforcement action by the Commission for an alleged violation of the securities laws or the rules and regulations issued thereunder if such person did not have adequate notice of such law, rule, or regulation. ‘‘(2) P
UBLISHING OF INTERPRETATION DEEMED  
ADEQUATE NOTICE .—With respect to an enforce-ment action, adequate notice of a securities law or a rule or regulation issued thereunder shall be deemed to have been provided to a person if the Commission approved a statement or guid-ance, in accordance with section 4I, with respect to the conduct that is the subject of the enforce-ment action, prior to the time that the person engaged in the conduct that is the subject of the enforcement action.’’. 
SEC. 820. ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON COMMIS-SION’S ENFORCEMENT POLICIES AND PRACTICES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman shall establish an advisory committee on the Commission’s enforcement policies and practices (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’). (b) D
UTIES .— (1) A
NALYSIS AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Committee shall con-duct an analysis of the policies and practices of the Commission relating to the enforcement of the securities laws and make recommendations to the Commission regarding changes to such policies and practices. (B) SPECIFIC MATTERS INCLUDED .—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Committee shall ana-lyze and make recommendations to the Commis-sion regarding matters including the following: (i) How the Commission’s enforcement objec-tives and strategies may be more effective. (ii) The Commission’s enforcement practices and procedures from the point of view of due process, the relationship of enforcement action to notice of legal requirements, the attribution of responsibility for violations, and the protec-tion of reputation and rights of privacy. (iii) The Commission’s enforcement policies and practices in light of its statutory responsi-bility to protect investors, maintain fair, or-derly, and efficient markets, and facilitate cap-ital formation. (iv) The appropriate blend of regulation, pub-licity, and formal enforcement action and on methods of furthering voluntary compliance. (v) Criteria for the selection and disposition of enforcement actions, the adequacy of sanctions authorized by law, and the suitability and effec-tiveness of sanctions imposed by the Commission proceedings. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the establishment of the Committee under subsection (a), the Committee shall submit to the Commis-sion and the appropriate congressional commit-tees a report containing the results of the anal-ysis and the recommendations required by para-graph (1)(A). (c) M
EMBERSHIP .— (1) N
UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .—The Com-mittee shall be composed of not less than 3 and not greater than 7 members appointed by the Chairman. (2) C
HAIRPERSON .—The Chairperson of the Committee shall be designated by the Chairman at the time of appointment of the members. (d) S
UPPORT .—The Commission shall provide the Committee with the administrative, profes-sional, and technical support required by the Committee to carry out its responsibilities under this section. (e) T
ERMINATION OF COMMITTEE .—The Com- mittee established by subsection (a) shall termi-nate on the date that the report required by sub-section (b)(2) is submitted. (f) C
ONSIDERATION AND ADOPTION OF REC-
OMMENDATIONS BY COMMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the Committee submits the report required by subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall— (1) consider the analysis and recommenda-tions included in such report; (2) adopt such recommendations, with any modifications, as the Commission considers ap-propriate; and (3) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— (A) lists each recommendation included in such report that the Commission does not adopt or adopts with material modifications; and (B) for each recommendation listed under sub-paragraph (A), explains why the Commission does not consider it appropriate or does not have sufficient authority to adopt the rec-ommendation or to adopt the recommendation without material modification. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate. (2) C
HAIRMAN .—The term ‘‘Chairman’’ means the Chairman of the Commission. (3) C
OMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Securities and Exchange Commission. (4) S
ECURITIES LAWS .—The term ‘‘securities laws’’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)). (h) A
PPLICATION OF THE FEDERAL ADVISORY  C
OMMITTEE ACT.—The Committee is an advisory 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4775 June 8, 2017 
committee for purposes of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
SEC. 821. PROCESS TO PERMIT RECIPIENT OF WELLS NOTIFICATION TO APPEAR BEFORE COMMISSION STAFF IN-PER-SON. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall es-tablish a process under which, in any instance in which the Commission staff provides a writ-ten Wells notification to an individual inform-ing the individual that the Commission staff has made a preliminary determination to recommend that the Commission bring an administrative or judicial action against the individual, the indi-vidual shall have the right to make an in-person presentation before the Commission staff con-cerning such recommendation and to be rep-resented by counsel at such presentation, at the individual’s own expense. (b) A
TTENDANCE BY COMMISSIONERS .—Such process shall provide that each Commissioner of the Commission, or a designee of the Commis-sioner, may attend any such presentation. (c) R
EPORT BY COMMISSION STAFF.—Such process shall provide that, before any Commis-sion vote on whether to bring the administrative or judicial action against the individual, the Commission staff shall provide to each Commis-sioner a written report on any such presen-tation, including any factual or legal arguments made by the individual and any supporting doc-uments provided by the individual. 
SEC. 822. PUBLICATION OF ENFORCEMENT MAN-UAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission shall approve, by vote of the Commission, and publish an up-dated manual that sets forth the policies and practices that the Commission will follow in the enforcement of the securities laws (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a))). Such manual shall in-clude policies and practices required by this Act, and by the amendments made by this Act, and shall be developed so as to ensure transparency in such enforcement and uniform application of such laws by the Commission. (b) E
NFORCEMENT PLAN AND REPORT .—Begin- ning on the date that is one year after the date of enactment of this Act, and each year there-after, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall transmit to Congress and publish on its Internet website an annual enforcement plan and report that shall— (1) detail the priorities of the Commission with regard to enforcement and examination activi-ties for the forthcoming year; (2) report on the Commission’s enforcement and examination activities for the previous year, including an assessment of how such activities comported with the priorities identified for that year pursuant to paragraph (1); (3) contain an analysis of litigated decisions found not in favor of the Commission over the preceding year; (4) contain a description of any emerging trends the Commission has focused on as part of its enforcement program, including whether and how the Commission has alerted or commu-nicated with those who may be subject to the Commission’s regulation of emerging trends; (5) contain a description of legal theories or standards employed by the Commission in en-forcement over the preceding year that had not previously been employed, and a summary justi-fying each such theory or standard; and (6) provide an opportunity and mechanism for public comment. 
SEC. 823. PRIVATE PARTIES AUTHORIZED TO COMPEL THE SECURITIES AND EX-CHANGE COMMISSION TO SEEK SANCTIONS BY FILING CIVIL AC-TIONS. 
Title I of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 41. PRIVATE PARTIES AUTHORIZED TO COMPEL THE COMMISSION TO SEEK SANCTIONS BY FILING CIVIL AC-TIONS. 
‘‘(a) T ERMINATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE PRO-
CEEDING .—In the case of any person who is a party to a proceeding brought by the Commis-sion under a securities law, to which section 554 of title 5, United States Code, applies, and against whom an order imposing a cease and de-sist order and a penalty may be issued at the conclusion of the proceeding, that person may, not later than 20 days after receiving notice of such proceeding, and at that person’s discre-tion, require the Commission to terminate the proceeding. ‘‘(b) C
IVILACTION AUTHORIZED .—If a person requires the Commission to terminate a pro-ceeding pursuant to subsection (a), the Commis-sion may bring a civil action against that person for the same remedy that might be imposed. ‘‘(c) S
TANDARD OF PROOF IN ADMINISTRATIVE  P
ROCEEDING .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, in the case of a proceeding brought by the Commission under a securities law, to which section 554 of title 5, United States Code, applies, a legal or equitable remedy may be imposed on the person against whom the pro-ceeding was brought only on a showing by the Commission of clear and convincing evidence that the person has violated the relevant provi-sion of law.’’. 
SEC. 824. CERTAIN FINDINGS REQUIRED TO AP-PROVE CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES AGAINST ISSUERS. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 4E the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4F. CERTAIN FINDINGS REQUIRED TO AP-PROVE CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES AGAINST ISSUERS. 
‘‘The Commission may not seek against or im-pose on an issuer a civil money penalty for vio-lation of the securities laws unless the publicly available text of the order approving the seeking or imposition of such penalty contains findings, supported by an analysis by the Division of Eco-nomic and Risk Analysis and certified by the Chief Economist, of whether— ‘‘(1) the alleged violation resulted in direct economic benefit to the issuer; and ‘‘(2) the penalty will harm the shareholders of the issuer.’’. 
SEC. 825. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY OF THE COM-MISSION TO PROHIBIT PERSONS FROM SERVING AS OFFICERS OR DI-RECTORS. 
(a) U NDER SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.—Sub- section (f) of section 8A of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h–1) is repealed. (b) U
NDER SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF  1934.—Subsection (f) of section 21C of the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u–3) is repealed. 
SEC. 826. SUBPOENA DURATION AND RENEWAL. 
Section 21(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u(b)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘S
UBPOENA .—’’ after the enu-merator; (2) by striking ‘‘For the purpose of’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For the purpose of’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) O
MNIBUS ORDERS OF INVESTIGATION .— ‘‘(A) D
URATION AND RENEWAL .—An omnibus order of investigation shall not be for an indefi-nite duration and may be renewed only by Com-mission action. ‘‘(B) D
EFINITION .—In subparagraph (A), the term ‘omnibus order of investigation’ means an order of the Commission authorizing 1 or more members of the Commission or its staff to issue subpoenas under paragraph (1) to multiple per-sons in relation to a particular subject matter area.’’. 
SEC. 827. ELIMINATION OF AUTOMATIC DISQUALI-FICATIONS. 
The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.), as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 4F the fol-lowing: ‘‘SEC. 4G. ELIMINATION OF AUTOMATIC DIS-QUALIFICATIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a non-natural person may not be disqualified or otherwise made ineligible to use an exemption or registration provision, en-gage in an activity, or qualify for any similar treatment under a provision of the securities laws or the rules issued by the Commission under the securities laws by reason of having, or a person described in subsection (b) having, been convicted of any felony or misdemeanor or made the subject of any judicial or administra-tive order, judgment, or decree arising out of a governmental action (including an order, judg-ment, or decree agreed to in a settlement), or having, or a person described in subsection (b) having, been suspended or expelled from mem-bership in, or suspended or barred from associa-tion with a member of, a registered national se-curities exchange or a registered national or af-filiated securities association for any act or omission to act constituting conduct incon-sistent with just and equitable principles of trade, unless the Commission, by order, on the record after notice and an opportunity for hear-ing, makes a determination that such non-nat-ural person should be so disqualified or other-wise made ineligible for purposes of such provi-sion. ‘‘(b) P
ERSON DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this subsection if the person is— ‘‘(1) a natural person who is a director, offi-cer, employee, partner, member, or shareholder of the non-natural person referred to in sub-section (a) or is otherwise associated or affili-ated with such non-natural person in any way; or ‘‘(2) a non-natural person who is associated or affiliated with the non-natural person re-ferred to in subsection (a) in any way. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit any authority of the Commission, by order, on the record after notice and an opportunity for hearing, to pro-hibit a person from using an exemption or reg-istration provision, engaging in an activity, or qualifying for any similar treatment under a provision of the securities laws, or the rules issued by the Commission under the securities laws, by reason of a circumstance referred to in subsection (a) or any similar circumstance.’’. 
SEC. 828. DENIAL OF AWARD TO CULPABLE WHIS-TLEBLOWERS. 
Section 21F(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u–6(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) to any whistleblower who is responsible for, or complicit in, the violation of the securi-ties laws for which the whistleblower provided information to the Commission.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(E), a person is responsible for, or complicit in, a violation of the securities laws if, with the intent to promote or assist the violation, the per-son— ‘‘(A) procures, induces, or causes another per-son to commit the offense; ‘‘(B) aids or abets another person in commit-ting the offense; or ‘‘(C) having a duty to prevent the violation, fails to make an effort the person is required to make.’’. 
SEC. 829. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO IM-POSE SANCTIONS ON PERSONS AS-SOCIATED WITH A BROKER OR DEAL-ER. 
Section 15(b)(6)(A)(i) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(b)(6)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘enumerated’’ and all that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4776 June 8, 2017 
follows and inserting ‘‘enumerated in subpara-graph (A), (D), (E), (G), or (H) of paragraph (4) of this subsection;’’. 
SEC. 830. COMPLAINT AND BURDEN OF PROOF REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN AC-TIONS FOR BREACH OF FIDUCIARY DUTY. 
Section 36(b) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–35(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(7) In any such action brought by a security holder of a registered investment company on behalf of such company— ‘‘(A) the complaint shall state with particu-larity all facts establishing a breach of fiduciary duty, and, if an allegation of any such facts is based on information and belief, the complaint shall state with particularity all facts on which that belief is formed; and ‘‘(B) such security holder shall have the bur-den of proving a breach of fiduciary duty by clear and convincing evidence.’’. 
SEC. 831. CONGRESSIONAL ACCESS TO INFORMA-TION HELD BY THE PUBLIC COM-PANY ACCOUNTING OVERSIGHT BOARD. 
Section 105(b)(5) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7215(b)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-paragraphs (B), (C), and (D)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) A
VAILABILITY TO THE CONGRESSIONAL  
COMMITTEES .—The Board shall make available to the Committees specified under section 101(h)— ‘‘(i) such information as the Committees shall request; and ‘‘(ii) with respect to any confidential or privi-leged information provided in response to a re-quest under clause (i), including any informa-tion subject to section 104(g) and subparagraph (A), or any confidential or privileged informa-tion provided orally in response to such a re-quest, such information shall maintain the pro-tections provided in subparagraph (A), and shall retain its confidential and privileged sta-tus in the hands of the Board and the Commit-tees.’’. 
SEC. 832. ABOLISHING INVESTOR ADVISORY GROUP. 
The Public Company Accounting Oversight Board shall abolish the Investor Advisory Group. 
SEC. 833. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR PUBLIC COMPANY ACCOUNTING OVERSIGHT BOARD TO USE CERTAIN FUNDS FOR MERIT SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 109(c) of the Sar-banes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7219(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (2). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 109 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7219) is amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘U
SES OF  F
UNDS’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The budget’’ and inserting ‘‘U
SES OF FUNDS.—The budget’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’. 
SEC. 834. REALLOCATION OF FINES FOR VIOLA-TIONS OF RULES OF MUNICIPAL SE-CURITIES RULEMAKING BOARD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 15B(c)(9) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o– 4(c)(9)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(9) Fines collected for violations of the rules of the Board shall be deposited and credited as general revenue of the Treasury, except as oth-erwise provided in section 308 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 or section 21F of this title.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to fines collected after the date of enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Eliminating Excessive Government Intrusion in the Capital Markets SEC. 841. REPEAL OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR FI-DUCIARY RULE AND REQUIREMENTS PRIOR TO RULEMAKING RELATING TO STANDARDS OF CONDUCT FOR BROKERS AND DEALERS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR FIDU-
CIARY RULE.—The final rule of the Department of Labor titled ‘‘Definition of the Term ‘Fidu-ciary’; Conflict of Interest Rule—Retirement In-vestment Advice’’ and related prohibited trans-action exemptions published April 8, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 20946) shall have no force or effect. (b) S
TAY ON RULES DEFINING CERTAIN FIDU-
CIARIES .—After the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall not prescribe any regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) defining the circumstances under which an individual is considered a fiduciary until the date that is 60 days after the Securities and Ex-change Commission issues a final rule relating to standards of conduct for brokers and dealers pursuant to the second subsection (k) of section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(k)). (c) R
EQUIREMENTS PRIOR TO RULEMAKING RE-
LATING TO STANDARDS OF CONDUCT FOR BRO-
KERS AND DEALERS .—The second subsection (k) of section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o(k)), as added by section 913(g)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
EQUIREMENTS PRIOR TO RULEMAKING .— The Commission shall not promulgate a rule pursuant to paragraph (1) before providing a re-port to the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and making such report available on the Commission’s website describing whether— ‘‘(A) retail investors (and such other cus-tomers as the Commission may provide) are being harmed due to brokers or dealers oper-ating under different standards of conduct than those that apply to investment advisors under section 211 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–11); ‘‘(B) alternative remedies will reduce any con-fusion or harm to retail investors due to brokers or dealers operating under different standards of conduct than those standards that apply to investment advisors under section 211 of the In-vestment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–11), including— ‘‘(i) simplifying the titles used by brokers, dealers, and investment advisers; and ‘‘(ii) enhancing disclosure surrounding the different standards of conduct currently appli-cable to brokers, dealers, and investment advis-ers; ‘‘(C) the adoption of a uniform fiduciary standard of conduct for brokers, dealers, and in-vestment advisors would adversely impact the commissions of brokers and dealers, the avail-ability of proprietary products offered by bro-kers and dealers, and the ability of brokers and dealers to engage in principal transactions with customers; and ‘‘(D) the adoption of a uniform fiduciary standard of conduct for brokers or dealers and investment advisors would adversely impact re-tail investor access to personalized and cost-ef-fective investment advice, recommendations about securities, or the availability of such ad-vice and recommendations. ‘‘(4) E
CONOMIC ANALYSIS .—The Commission’s conclusions contained in the report described in paragraph (3) shall be supported by economic analysis. ‘‘(5) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PROMULGATING A  
RULE.—The Commission shall publish in the Federal Register alongside the rule promulgated pursuant to paragraph (1) formal findings that such rule would reduce confusion or harm to re-tail customers (and such other customers as the Commission may by rule provide) due to dif-ferent standards of conduct applicable to bro-kers, dealers, and investment advisors. ‘‘(6) REQUIREMENTS UNDER INVESTMENT ADVIS -
ERS ACT OF 1940 .—In proposing rules under para-graph (1) for brokers or dealers, the Commission shall consider the differences in the registration, supervision, and examination requirements ap-plicable to brokers, dealers, and investment ad-visors.’’. 
SEC. 842. EXEMPTION FROM RISK RETENTION RE-QUIREMENTS FOR NONRESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 15G of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–11) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) the term ‘asset-backed security’ refers only to an asset-backed security that is com-prised wholly of residential mortgages.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (1); and (B) by striking ‘‘(2) R
ESIDENTIAL MORT -
GAGES .—’’; (3) by striking subsection (h) and redesig-nating subsection (i) as subsection (h); and (4) in subsection (h) (as so redesignated)— (A) by striking ‘‘effective—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘(1) with respect to’’ and inserting ‘‘effective with respect to’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraph (2). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 941 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 843. FREQUENCY OF SHAREHOLDER AP-PROVAL OF EXECUTIVE COMPENSA-TION. 
Section 14A(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n–1(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not less fre-quently than once every 3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘Each year in which there has been a material change to the compensation of executives of an issuer from the previous year’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2) and redesig-nating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). 
SEC. 844. SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS. 
(a) R ESUBMISSION THRESHOLDS .—The Securi-ties and Exchange Commission shall revise sec-tion 240.14a–8(i)(12) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations to— (1) in paragraph (i), adjust the 3 percent threshold to 6 percent; (2) in paragraph (ii), adjust the 6 percent threshold to 15 percent; and (3) in paragraph (iii), adjust the 10 percent threshold to 30 percent. (b) H
OLDING REQUIREMENT .—The Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise the hold-ing requirement for a shareholder to be eligible to submit a shareholder proposal to an issuer in section 240.14a–8(b)(1) of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to— (1) eliminate the option to satisfy the holding requirement by holding a certain dollar amount; (2) require the shareholder to hold 1 percent of the issuer’s securities entitled to be voted on the proposal, or such greater percentage as deter-mined by the Commission; and (3) adjust the 1 year holding period to 3 years. (c) S
HAREHOLDER PROPOSALS ISSUED BY PROX-
IES.—Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) S
HAREHOLDER PROPOSALS BY PROXIES  N
OTPERMITTED .—An issuer may not include in its proxy materials a shareholder proposal sub-mitted by a person in such person’s capacity as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4777 June 8, 2017 
a proxy, representative, agent, or person other-wise acting on behalf of a shareholder.’’. 
SEC. 845. PROHIBITION ON REQUIRING A SINGLE BALLOT. 
Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) P
ROHIBITION ON REQUIRING A SINGLE  B
ALLOT .—The Commission may not require that a solicitation of a proxy, consent, or authoriza-tion to vote a security of an issuer in an election of members of the board of directors of the issuer be made using a single ballot or card that lists both individuals nominated by (or on behalf of) the issuer and individuals nominated by (or on behalf of) other proponents and permits the per-son granting the proxy, consent, or authoriza-tion to select from among individuals in both groups.’’. 
SEC. 846. REQUIREMENT FOR MUNICIPAL ADVI-SOR FOR ISSUERS OF MUNICIPAL SE-CURITIES. 
Section 15B(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–4(d)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(3) An issuer of municipal securities shall not be required to retain a municipal advisor prior to issuing any such securities.’’. 
SEC. 847. SMALL ISSUER EXEMPTION FROM IN-TERNAL CONTROL EVALUATION. 
Section 404(c) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) E
XEMPTION FOR SMALLER ISSUERS .—Sub- section (b) shall not apply with respect to any audit report prepared for an issuer that has total market capitalization of less than $500,000,000, nor to any issuer that is a deposi-tory institution with assets of less than $1,000,000,000.’’. 
SEC. 848. STREAMLINING OF APPLICATIONS FOR AN EXEMPTION FROM THE INVEST-MENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940. 
Section 6(c) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–6(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(c) The Commission’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(c) G
ENERAL EXEMPTIVE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person who wishes to re-ceive an exemption from the Commission pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall file an application with the Commission in such form and manner and containing such information as the Com-mission may require. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION ; REJECTION OF INVALID AP -
PLICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the end of the 5-day period beginning on the date that the Commission receives an application under sub-paragraph (A), the Commission shall either— ‘‘(I) publish the application, including by publication on the website of the Commission; or ‘‘(II) if the Commission determines that the application does not comply with the proper form, manner, or information requirements de-scribed under subparagraph (A), reject such ap-plication and notify the applicant of the specific reasons the application was rejected. ‘‘(ii) F
AILURE TO PUBLISH APPLICATION .—If the Commission does not reject an application under clause (i)(II), but fails to publish the ap-plication by the end of the time period specified under clause (i), such application shall be deemed to have been published on the date that is the end of such time period. ‘‘(3) D
ETERMINATION BY COMMISSION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date that the Commission publishes an application pursuant to paragraph (2)(B), the Commission shall, by order— ‘‘(i) approve the application; ‘‘(ii) if the Commission determines that the ap-plication would have been approved had the ap-plicant provided additional supporting docu-mentation or made certain amendments to the application— ‘‘(I) provide the applicant with the specific additional supporting documentation or amend-ments that the Commission believes are nec-essary for the applicant to provide in order for the application to be approved; and ‘‘(II) request that the applicant withdraw the application and re-submit the application with such additional supporting documentation and amendments; or ‘‘(iii) deny the application. ‘‘(B) EXTENSION OF TIME PERIOD .—The Com- mission may extend the time period described under subparagraph (A) by not more than an additional 45 days, if— ‘‘(i) the Commission determines that a longer period is appropriate and publishes the reasons for such determination; or ‘‘(ii) the applicant consents to the longer pe-riod. ‘‘(C) T
IME PERIOD FOR WITHDRAWAL .—If the Commission makes a request under subpara-graph (A)(ii) for an applicant to withdraw an application, such application shall be deemed to be denied if the applicant informs the Commis-sion that the applicant will not withdraw the application or if the applicant does not with-draw the application before the end of the 30- day period beginning on the date the Commis-sion makes such request. ‘‘(4) P
ROCEEDINGS ; NOTICE AND HEARING .—If an application is denied pursuant to paragraph (3), the Commission shall provide the applicant with— ‘‘(A) a written explanation for why the appli-cation was not approved; and ‘‘(B) an opportunity for hearing, if requested by the applicant not later than 20 days after the date of such denial, with such hearing to be commenced not later than 30 days after the date of such denial. ‘‘(5) R
ESULT OF FAILURE TO INSTITUTE OR  
COMMENCE PROCEEDINGS .—An application shall be deemed to have been approved by the Com-mission, if— ‘‘(A) the Commission fails to either approve, request the withdrawal of, or deny the applica-tion, as required under paragraph (3)(A), within the time period required under paragraph (3)(A), as such time period may have been ex-tended pursuant to paragraph (3)(B); or ‘‘(B) the applicant requests an opportunity for hearing, pursuant to paragraph (4)(B), but the Commission does not commence such hearing within the time period required under para-graph (4)(B). ‘‘(6) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Commission shall issue rules to carry out this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 849. RESTRICTION ON RECOVERY OF ERRO-NEOUSLY AWARDED COMPENSA-TION. 
Section 10D(b)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78j–4(b)(2)) is amended by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, where such executive officer had control or au-thority over the financial reporting that resulted in the accounting restatement’’. 
SEC. 850. EXEMPTIVE AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PROVISIONS RELATING TO REG-ISTRATION OF NATIONALLY RECOG-NIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGA-NIZATIONS. 
Section 15E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(w) C
OMMISSION EXEMPTIVE AUTHORITY .— The Commission, by rules and regulations upon its own motion, or by order upon application, may conditionally or unconditionally exempt any person from any provision or provisions of this title or of any rule or regulation there-under, if and to the extent it determines that such rule, regulation, or requirement is creating a barrier to entry into the market for nationally recognized statistical rating organizations or im-peding competition among such organizations, or that such an exemption is necessary or ap-propriate in the public interest and is consistent with the protection of investors.’’. SEC. 851. RISK-BASED EXAMINATIONS OF NATION-ALLY RECOGNIZED STATISTICAL RATING ORGANIZATIONS. 
Section 15E(p)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(p)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘A
NNUAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘R
ISK-BASED ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘an examination’’ and insert-ing ‘‘examinations’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘at least annually’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, as appro-priate,’’ after ‘‘Each examination under sub-paragraph (A) shall include’’. 
SEC. 852. TRANSPARENCY OF CREDIT RATING METHODOLOGIES. 
Section 15E(s) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(s)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘rated by the na-tionally recognized statistical rating agency’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ix), by inserting be-fore the period the following: ‘‘, except that the Commission may not require the inclusion of ref-erences to statutory or regulatory requirements or statutory provision headings or enumerators for any specific disclosure’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)(iv), by inserting be-fore the period the following: ‘‘, except that the Commission may not require the inclusion of ref-erences to statutory or regulatory requirements or statutory provision headings or enumerators for any specific disclosure’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) N
O MANDATE ON THE ORGANIZATION OF  
DISCLOSURES .—The Commission may not man-date the specific organization of the disclosures required under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 853. REPEAL OF CERTAIN ATTESTATION RE-QUIREMENTS RELATING TO CREDIT RATINGS. 
Section 15E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(3)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a period; and (C) by striking clause (iii); and (2) in subsection (q)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking subparagraph (F). 
SEC. 854. LOOK-BACK REVIEW BY NRSRO. 
Section 15E(h)(4)(A) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(h)(4)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Each nationally’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Each nationally’’; (2) by striking ‘‘underwriter’’ and inserting ‘‘lead underwriter’’; (3) by striking ‘‘in any capacity’’; (4) by striking ‘‘during the 1-year period pre-ceding the date an action was taken with re-spect to the credit rating’’; (5) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as sub-clauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the margin of such subclauses accordingly; (6) in subclause (I), as so redesignated, by in-serting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘dur-ing the 1-year period preceding the departure of the employee from the nationally recognized sta-tistical rating organization’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) M
AINTENANCE OF RATINGS ACTIONS .—In the case of maintenance of ratings actions, the requirement under clause (i) shall only apply to employees of a person subject to a credit rating 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4778 June 8, 2017 
of the nationally recognized statistical rating organization or an issuer of a security or money market instrument subject to a credit rating of the nationally recognized statistical rating orga-nization.’’. 
SEC. 855. APPROVAL OF CREDIT RATING PROCE-DURES AND METHODOLOGIES. 
Section 15E(r)(1)(A) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(r)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, or the Chief Credit Of-ficer’’ after ‘‘performing a function similar to that of a board’’. 
SEC. 856. EXCEPTION FOR PROVIDING CERTAIN MATERIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO A CREDIT RATING. 
Section 15E(h)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78o–7(h)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR PROVIDING CERTAIN MA -
TERIAL INFORMATION .—Rules issued under this paragraph may not prohibit a person who par-ticipates in sales or marketing of a product or service of a nationally recognized statistical rat-ing organization from providing material infor-mation, or information believed in good faith to be material, to the issuance or maintenance of a credit rating to a person who participates in de-termining or monitoring the credit rating, or de-veloping or approving procedures or methodolo-gies used for determining the credit rating, so long as the information provided is not intended to influence the determination of a credit rating, or the procedures or methodologies used to de-termine credit ratings.’’. 
SEC. 857. REPEALS. 
(a) R EPEALS .—The following provisions of title IX of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act are repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such sections are restored or revived as if such sec-tions had not been enacted: (1) Section 912. (2) Section 914. (3) Section 917. (4) Section 918. (5) Section 919A. (6) Section 919B. (7) Section 919C. (8) Section 921. (9) Section 929T. (10) Section 929X. (11) Section 929Y. (12) Section 929Z. (13) Section 931. (14) Section 933. (15) Section 937. (16) Section 939B. (17) Section 939C. (18) Section 939D. (19) Section 939E. (20) Section 939F. (21) Section 939G. (22) Section 939H. (23) Section 946. (24) Subsection (b) of section 953. (25) Section 955. (26) Section 956. (27) Section 964. (28) Section 965. (29) Section 968. (30) Section 971. (31) Section 972. (32) Section 976. (33) Section 977. (34) Section 978. (35) Section 984. (36) Section 989. (37) Section 989A. (38) Section 989F. (39) Subsection (b) of section 989G. (40) Section 989I. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5301) is amended— (1) in the table of contents in section 1(b), by striking the items relating to the sections de-scribed under paragraphs (1) through (23), (25) through (38), and (40) of subsection (a); (2) in section 953, by striking ‘‘(a) DISCLOSURE  
OFPAYVERSUS PERFORMANCE .—’’; and (3) in section 989G, by striking ‘‘(a) E
XEMP -
TION.—’’. 
SEC. 858. EXEMPTION OF AND REPORTING BY PRIVATE EQUITY FUND ADVISERS. 
Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) E
XEMPTION OF AND REPORTING BY PRI-
VATE EQUITY FUNDADVISERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in this subsection, no investment adviser shall be sub-ject to the registration or reporting requirements of this title with respect to the provision of in-vestment advice relating to a private equity fund. ‘‘(2) M
AINTENANCE OF RECORDS AND ACCESS BY  
COMMISSION .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Com-mission shall issue final rules— ‘‘(A) to require investment advisers described in paragraph (1) to maintain such records and provide to the Commission such annual or other reports as the Commission, taking into account fund size, governance, investment strategy, risk, and other factors, determines necessary and ap-propriate in the public interest and for the pro-tection of investors; and ‘‘(B) to define the term ‘private equity fund’ for purposes of this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 859. RECORDS AND REPORTS OF PRIVATE FUNDS. 
The Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–1 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 204(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘inves-tors,’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘inves-tors.’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B); and (iii) by striking ‘‘this title—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘to maintain’’ and inserting ‘‘this title to maintain’’; (B) in paragraph (3)(H)— (i) by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Council,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or for the assessment of sys-temic risk’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘, or for the assessment of systemic risk’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘or for the assessment of systemic risk’’; (E) in paragraph (6)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘, or for the assessment of systemic risk’’; (F) by striking paragraph (7) and redesig-nating paragraphs (8) through (11) as para-graphs (7) through (10), respectively; and (G) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘paragraph (8)’’ and inserting ‘‘para-graph (7)’’; and (2) in section 211(e)— (A) by striking ‘‘after consultation with the Council but’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘subsection 204(b)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 204(b)’’. 
SEC. 860. DEFINITION OF ACCREDITED INVESTOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2(a)(15) of the Secu-rities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77b(a)(15)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as sub-paragraphs (A) and (G), respectively; and (2) in subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon, and inserting after such subpara-graph the following: ‘‘(B) any natural person whose individual net worth, or joint net worth with that person’s spouse, exceeds $1,000,000 (which amount, along with the amounts set forth in subparagraph (C), shall be adjusted for inflation by the Commis-sion every 5 years to the nearest $10,000 to re-flect the change in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics) where, for purposes of cal-culating net worth under this subparagraph— ‘‘(i) the person’s primary residence shall not be included as an asset; ‘‘(ii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence, up to the estimated fair market value of the primary residence at the time of the sale of securities, shall not be in-cluded as a liability (except that if the amount of such indebtedness outstanding at the time of sale of securities exceeds the amount out-standing 60 days before such time, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary resi-dence, the amount of such excess shall be in-cluded as a liability); and ‘‘(iii) indebtedness that is secured by the per-son’s primary residence in excess of the esti-mated fair market value of the primary resi-dence at the time of the sale of securities shall be included as a liability; ‘‘(C) any natural person who had an indi-vidual income in excess of $200,000 in each of the 2 most recent years or joint income with that person’s spouse in excess of $300,000 in each of those years and has a reasonable expectation of reaching the same income level in the current year; ‘‘(D) any natural person who, by reason of their net worth or income, is an accredited in-vestor under section 230.215 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this subpara-graph); ‘‘(E) any natural person who is currently li-censed or registered as a broker or investment adviser by the Commission, the Financial Indus-try Regulatory Authority, or an equivalent self- regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), or the securities division of a State or the equiv-alent State division responsible for licensing or registration of individuals in connection with securities activities; ‘‘(F) any natural person the Commission de-termines, by regulation, to have demonstrable education or job experience to qualify such per-son as having professional knowledge of a sub-ject related to a particular investment, and whose education or job experience is verified by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority or an equivalent self-regulatory organization (as defined in section 3(a)(26) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934); or’’. (b) REPEAL .—Section 413 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111–203) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 861. REPEAL OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RE-QUIRING A STUDY AND REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
The following provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act are repealed: (1) Section 412. (2) Section 415. (3) Section 416. (4) Section 417. 
SEC. 862. REPEAL. 
(a) R EPEAL .—The following sections of title XV of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act are repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such sections are restored or revived as if such sec-tions had not been enacted: (1) Section 1502. (2) Section 1503. (3) Section 1504. (4) Section 1505. (5) Section 1506. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents in section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 1502, 1503, 1504, 1505, and 1506. Subtitle C—Harmonization of Derivatives Rules 
SEC. 871. COMMISSIONS REVIEW AND HARMONI-ZATION OF RULES RELATING TO THE REGULATION OF OVER-THE- COUNTER SWAPS MARKETS. 
The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4779 June 8, 2017 
shall review each rule, order, and interpretive guidance issued by either such Commission pur-suant to title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.) and, where the Commissions find inconsistencies in any such rules, orders, or in-terpretive guidance, shall jointly issue new rules, orders, or interpretive guidance to resolve such inconsistencies. 
SEC. 872. TREATMENT OF TRANSACTIONS BE-TWEEN AFFILIATES. 
(a) C OMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT.—Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a(47)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(G) T
REATMENT OF SWAP TRANSACTIONS BE -
TWEEN AFFILIATES .— ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTION FROM SWAP RULES .—Except as provided under clause (ii), the Commission may not regulate a swap under this Act if all of the following apply to such swap: ‘‘(I) A
FFILIATION .—One counterparty, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership inter-est in the other counterparty, or a third party, directly or indirectly, holds a majority owner-ship interest in both counterparties. ‘‘(II) F
INANCIAL STATEMENTS .—The affiliated counterparty that holds the majority interest in the other counterparty or the third party that, directly or indirectly, holds the majority inter-ests in both affiliated counterparties, reports its financial statements on a consolidated basis under generally accepted accounting principles or International Financial Reporting Standards, or other similar standards, and the financial statements include the financial results of the majority-owned affiliated counterparty or counterparties. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR EXEMPTED SWAPS .— With respect to a swap described under clause (i): ‘‘(I) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—If at least one counterparty is a swap dealer or major swap participant, that counterparty shall report the swap pursuant to section 4r, within such time period as the Commission may by rule or regula-tion prescribe— ‘‘(aa) to a swap data repository; or ‘‘(bb) if there is no swap data repository that would accept the agreement, contract or trans-action, to the Commission. ‘‘(II) R
ISK MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENT .—If at least one counterparty is a swap dealer or major swap participant, the swap shall be subject to a centralized risk management program pursuant to section 4s(j) that is reasonably designed to monitor and to manage the risks associated with the swap. ‘‘(III) A
NTI-EVASION REQUIREMENT .—The swap shall not be structured to evade the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in violation of any rule promulgated by the Commission pursuant to section 721(c) of such Act.’’. (b) S
ECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—Sec- tion 3(a)(68) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(68)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) T
REATMENT OF SECURITY -BASED SWAP  
TRANSACTIONS BETWEEN AFFILIATES .— ‘‘(i) E
XEMPTION FROM SECURITY -BASED SWAP  
RULES .—Except as provided under clause (ii), the Commission may not regulate a security- based swap under this Act if all of the following apply to such security-based swap: ‘‘(I) A
FFILIATION .—One counterparty, directly or indirectly, holds a majority ownership inter-est in the other counterparty, or a third party, directly or indirectly, holds a majority owner-ship interest in both counterparties. ‘‘(II) F
INANCIAL STATEMENTS .—The affiliated counterparty that holds the majority interest in the other counterparty or the third party that, directly or indirectly, holds the majority inter-ests in both affiliated counterparties, reports its financial statements on a consolidated basis under generally accepted accounting principles or International Financial Reporting Standards, or other similar standards, and the financial statements include the financial results of the majority-owned affiliated counterparty or counterparties. ‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENTS FOR EXEMPTED SECURITY - 
BASED SWAPS .—With respect to a security-based swap described under clause (i): ‘‘(I) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—If at least one counterparty is a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant, that counterparty shall report the security-based swap pursuant to section 13A, within such time period as the Commission may by rule or regula-tion prescribe— ‘‘(aa) to a security-based swap data reposi-tory; or ‘‘(bb) if there is no security-based swap data repository that would accept the agreement, contract or transaction, to the Commission. ‘‘(II) R
ISK MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENT .—If at least one counterparty is a security-based swap dealer or major security-based swap participant, the security-based swap shall be subject to a centralized risk management program pursuant to section 15F(j) that is reasonably designed to monitor and to manage the risks associated with the security-based swap. ‘‘(III) A
NTI-EVASION REQUIREMENT .—The secu- rity-based swap shall not be structured to evade the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act in violation of any rule promulgated by the Commission pursuant to sec-tion 761(b)(3) of such Act.’’. TITLE IX—REPEAL OF THE VOLCKER RULE AND OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 901. REPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following sections of title VI of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act are repealed, and the provisions of law amended or repealed by such sections are restored or revived as if such sections had not been enacted: (1) Section 603. (2) Section 618. (3) Section 619. (4) Section 620. (5) Section 621. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents under section 1(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 603, 618, 619, 620, and 621. TITLE X—FED OVERSIGHT REFORM AND MODERNIZATION 
SEC. 1001. REQUIREMENTS FOR POLICY RULES OF THE FEDERAL OPEN MARKET COM-MITTEE. 
The Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 221 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 2B the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2C. DIRECTIVE POLICY RULES OF THE FED-ERAL OPEN MARKET COMMITTEE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional com-mittees’ means the Committee on Financial Serv-ices of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs of the Senate. ‘‘(2) D
IRECTIVE POLICY RULE .—The term ‘Di-rective Policy Rule’ means a policy rule devel-oped by the Federal Open Market Committee that meets the requirements of subsection (c) and that provides the basis for the Open Market Operations Directive. ‘‘(3) GDP.—The term ‘GDP’ means the gross domestic product of the United States as com-puted and published by the Department of Com-merce. ‘‘(4) I
NTERMEDIATE POLICY INPUT .—The term ‘Intermediate Policy Input’— ‘‘(A) may include any variable determined by the Federal Open Market Committee as a nec-essary input to guide open-market operations; ‘‘(B) shall include an estimate of, and the method of calculation for, the current rate of in-flation or current inflation expectations; and ‘‘(C) shall include, specifying whether the variable or estimate is historical, current, or a forecast and the method of calculation, at least one of— ‘‘(i) an estimate of real GDP, nominal GDP, or potential GDP; ‘‘(ii) an estimate of the monetary aggregate compiled by the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System and Federal reserve banks; or ‘‘(iii) an interactive variable or a net estimate composed of the estimates described in clauses (i) and (ii). ‘‘(5) LEGISLATIVE DAY .—The term ‘legislative day’ means a day on which either House of Congress is in session. ‘‘(6) O
PEN MARKET OPERATIONS DIRECTIVE .— The term ‘Open Market Operations Directive’ means an order to achieve a specified Policy In-strument Target provided to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York by the Federal Open Market Committee pursuant to powers authorized under section 14 of this Act that guide open-market op-erations. ‘‘(7) P
OLICY INSTRUMENT .—The term ‘Policy Instrument’ means— ‘‘(A) the nominal Federal funds rate; ‘‘(B) the nominal rate of interest paid on non-borrowed reserves; or ‘‘(C) the discount window primary credit in-terest rate most recently published on the Fed-eral Reserve Statistical Release on selected in-terest rates (daily or weekly), commonly referred to as the H.15 release. ‘‘(8) P
OLICY INSTRUMENT TARGET .—The term ‘Policy Instrument Target’ means the target for the Policy Instrument specified in the Open Market Operations Directive. ‘‘(9) R
EFERENCE POLICY RULE .—The term ‘Ref-erence Policy Rule’ means a calculation of the nominal Federal funds rate as equal to the sum of the following: ‘‘(A) The rate of inflation over the previous four quarters. ‘‘(B) One-half of the percentage deviation of the real GDP from an estimate of potential GDP. ‘‘(C) One-half of the difference between the rate of inflation over the previous four quarters and two percent. ‘‘(D) Two percent. ‘‘(b) S
UBMITTING A DIRECTIVE POLICY RULE.— Not later than 48 hours after the end of a meet-ing of the Federal Open Market Committee, the Chairman of the Federal Open Market Com-mittee shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and the Comptroller General of the United States a Directive Policy Rule and a statement that identifies the members of the Federal Open Market Committee who voted in favor of the Directive Policy Rule. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR A DIRECTIVE POLICY  R
ULE.—A Directive Policy Rule shall— ‘‘(1) identify the Policy Instrument the Direc-tive Policy Rule is designed to target; ‘‘(2) describe the strategy or rule of the Fed-eral Open Market Committee for the systematic quantitative adjustment of the Policy Instru-ment Target to respond to a change in the Inter-mediate Policy Inputs; ‘‘(3) include a function that comprehensively models the interactive relationship between the Intermediate Policy Inputs; ‘‘(4) include the coefficients of the Directive Policy Rule that generate the current Policy In-strument Target and a range of predicted future values for the Policy Instrument Target if changes occur in any Intermediate Policy Input; ‘‘(5) describe the procedure for adjusting the supply of bank reserves to achieve the Policy In-strument Target; ‘‘(6) include a statement as to whether the Di-rective Policy Rule substantially conforms to the Reference Policy Rule and, if applicable— ‘‘(A) an explanation of the extent to which it departs from the Reference Policy Rule; ‘‘(B) a detailed justification for that depar-ture; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4780 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(C) a description of the circumstances under which the Directive Policy Rule may be amend-ed in the future; ‘‘(7) include a certification that the Directive Policy Rule is expected to support the economy in achieving stable prices and maximum natural employment over the long term; ‘‘(8) include a calculation that describes with mathematical precision the expected annual in-flation rate over a 5-year period; and ‘‘(9) include a plan to use the most accurate data, subject to all historical revisions, for in-puts into the Directive Policy Rule and the Ref-erence Policy Rule. ‘‘(d) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall compare the Directive Policy Rule submitted under subsection (b) with the rule that was most recently submitted to de-termine whether the Directive Policy Rule has materially changed. If the Directive Policy Rule has materially changed, the Comptroller Gen-eral shall, not later than 7 days after each meet-ing of the Federal Open Market Committee, pre-pare and submit a compliance report to the ap-propriate congressional committees specifying whether the Directive Policy Rule submitted after that meeting and the Federal Open Market Committee are in compliance with this section. ‘‘(e) C
HANGING MARKET CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(1) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to require that the plans with respect to the systematic quantitative ad-justment of the Policy Instrument Target de-scribed under subsection (c)(2) be implemented if the Federal Open Market Committee determines that such plans cannot or should not be achieved due to changing market conditions. ‘‘(2) GAO 
APPROVAL OF UPDATE .—Upon deter-mining that plans described in paragraph (1) cannot or should not be achieved, the Federal Open Market Committee shall submit an expla-nation for that determination and an updated version of the Directive Policy Rule to the Comptroller General of the United States and the appropriate congressional committees not later than 48 hours after making the determina-tion. The Comptroller General shall, not later than 48 hours after receiving such updated version, prepare and submit to the appropriate congressional committees a compliance report determining whether such updated version and the Federal Open Market Committee are in com-pliance with this section. ‘‘(f) D
IRECTIVE POLICY RULE AND FEDERAL  O
PEN MARKET COMMITTEE NOT IN COMPLI -
ANCE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Comptroller General of the United States determines that the Direc-tive Policy Rule and the Federal Open Market Committee are not in compliance with this sec-tion in the report submitted pursuant to sub-section (d), or that the updated version of the Directive Policy Rule and the Federal Open Market Committee are not in compliance with this section in the report submitted pursuant to subsection (e)(2), the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall, if requested by the chairman of either of the ap-propriate congressional committees, not later than 7 legislative days after such request, testify before such committee as to why the Directive Policy Rule, the updated version, or the Federal Open Market Committee is not in compliance. ‘‘(2) GAO 
AUDIT .—Notwithstanding subsection (b) of section 714 of title 31, United States Code, upon submitting a report of noncompliance pur-suant to subsection (d) or subsection (e)(2) and after the period of 7 legislative days described in paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall audit the conduct of monetary policy by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve Sys-tem and the Federal Open Market Committee upon request of the appropriate congressional committee. Such committee may specify the pa-rameters of such audit. ‘‘(g) C
ONGRESSIONAL HEARINGS .—The Chair-man of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall, if requested by the chair-man of either of the appropriate congressional committees and not later than 7 legislative days after such request, appear before such committee to explain any change to the Directive Policy Rule.’’. SEC. 1002. FEDERAL OPEN MARKET COMMITTEE BLACKOUT PERIOD. 
Section 12A of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 263) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) B
LACKOUT PERIOD .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—During a blackout period, the only public communications that may be made by members and staff of the Committee with respect to macroeconomic or financial de-velopments or about current or prospective mon-etary policy issues are the following: ‘‘(A) The dissemination of published data, surveys, and reports that have been cleared for publication by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. ‘‘(B) Answers to technical questions specific to a data release. ‘‘(C) Communications with respect to the pru-dential or supervisory functions of the Board of Governors. ‘‘(2) B
LACKOUT PERIOD DEFINED .—For pur- poses of this subsection, and with respect to a meeting of the Committee described under sub-section (a), the term ‘blackout period’ means the time period that— ‘‘(A) begins immediately after midnight on the day that is one week prior to the date on which such meeting takes place; and ‘‘(B) ends at midnight on the day after the date on which such meeting takes place. ‘‘(3) E
XEMPTION FOR CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD  
OF GOVERNORS .—Nothing in this section shall prohibit the Chairman of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System from par-ticipating in or issuing public communica-tions.’’. 
SEC. 1003. PUBLIC TRANSCRIPTS OF FOMC MEET-INGS. 
Section 12A of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 263), as amended by section 1002, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) P
UBLIC TRANSCRIPTS OF MEETINGS .—The Committee shall— ‘‘(1) record all meetings of the Committee; and ‘‘(2) make the full transcript of such meetings available to the public.’’. 
SEC. 1004. MEMBERSHIP OF FEDERAL OPEN MAR-KET COMMITTEE. 
Section 12A(a) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 263(a)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘five’’ and inserting ‘‘six’’; (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘One by the board of directors’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘One by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of New York and Bos-ton; one by the boards of directors of the Fed-eral Reserve Banks of Philadelphia and Cleve-land; one by the boards of directors of the Fed-eral Reserve Banks of Richmond and Atlanta; one by the boards of directors of the Federal Re-serve Banks of Chicago and St. Louis; one by the boards of directors of the Federal Reserve Banks of Minneapolis and Kansas City; and one by the boards of directors of the Federal Re-serve Banks of Dallas and San Francisco.’’; and (3) by inserting after the second sentence the following: ‘‘In odd numbered calendar years, one representative shall be elected from each of the Federal Reserve Banks of Boston, Philadel-phia, Richmond, Chicago, Minneapolis, and Dallas. In even-numbered calendar years, one representative shall be elected from each of the Federal Reserve Banks of New York, Cleveland, Atlanta, St. Louis, Kansas City, and San Fran-cisco.’’. 
SEC. 1005. FREQUENCY OF TESTIMONY OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF GOV-ERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM TO CONGRESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2B of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 225b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘semi-annual’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘quarterly’’; and (2) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and October 20’’ after ‘‘July 20’’ each place it appears; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and May 20’’ after ‘‘Feb-ruary 20’’ each place it appears. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (12) of section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 247b(12)) is amended by striking ‘‘semi- annual’’ and inserting ‘‘quarterly’’. 
SEC. 1006. VICE CHAIRMAN FOR SUPERVISION RE-PORT REQUIREMENT. 
Paragraph (12) of section 10 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 247(b)) is amended— (1) by redesignating such paragraph as para-graph (11); and (2) in such paragraph, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In each such appearance, the Vice Chairman for Supervision shall provide written testimony that includes the status of all pending and anticipated rulemakings that are being made by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. If, at the time of any appearance described in this paragraph, the po-sition of Vice Chairman for Supervision is va-cant, the Vice Chairman for the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System (who has the responsibility to serve in the absence of the Chairman) shall appear instead and provide the required written testimony. If, at the time of any appearance described in this paragraph, both Vice Chairman positions are vacant, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System shall appear instead and provide the required written testimony.’’. 
SEC. 1007. SALARIES, FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES, AND OFFICE STAFF OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (s) (relating to ‘‘Assessments, Fees, and Other Charges for Certain Companies’’) as subsection (t); and (2) by inserting before subsection (w), as added by section 371(a), the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(u) E
THICS STANDARDS FOR MEMBERS AND  E
MPLOYEES .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITED AND RESTRICTED FINANCIAL  
INTERESTS AND TRANSACTIONS .—The members and employees of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall be subject to the provisions under section 4401.102 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, to the same extent as such provisions apply to an employee of the Se-curities and Exchange Commission. ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS AND  
AVAILABILITY OF ACCOUNT STATEMENTS .—The members and employees of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System shall— ‘‘(A) disclose all brokerage accounts that the member or employee maintains, as well as any accounts in which the member or employee con-trols trading or has a financial interest (includ-ing managed accounts, trust accounts, invest-ment club accounts, and accounts of spouses or minor children who live with the member or em-ployee); and ‘‘(B) with respect to any securities account that the member or employee is required to dis-close to the Board of Governors, authorize the brokers and dealers of such account to send du-plicate account statements directly to Board of Governors. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITIONS RELATED TO OUTSIDE EM -
PLOYMENT AND ACTIVITIES .—The members and employees of the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System shall be subject to the pro-hibitions related to outside employment and ac-tivities described under section 4401.103(c) of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations, to the same extent as such prohibitions apply to an em-ployee of the Securities and Exchange Commis-sion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4781 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(4) A DDITIONAL ETHICS STANDARDS .—The members and employees of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System shall be subject to— ‘‘(A) the employee responsibilities and conduct regulations of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment under part 735 of title 5, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(B) the canons of ethics contained in subpart C of part 200 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to the same extent as such subpart applies to the employees of the Securities and Exchange Commission; and ‘‘(C) the regulations concerning the conduct of members and employees and former members and employees contained in subpart M of part 200 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to the same extent as such subpart applies to the employees of the Securities and Exchange Com-mission. ‘‘(v) D
ISCLOSURE OF STAFF SALARIES AND FI-
NANCIAL INFORMATION .—The Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System shall make publicly available, on the website of the Board of Governors, a searchable database that con-tains the names of all members, officers, and em-ployees of the Board of Governors who receive an annual salary in excess of the annual rate of basic pay for GS–15 of the General Schedule, and— ‘‘(1) the yearly salary information for such in-dividuals, along with any nonsalary compensa-tion received by such individuals; and ‘‘(2) any financial disclosures required to be made by such individuals.’’. (b) O
FFICE STAFF FOR EACHMEMBER OF THE  B
OARD OF GOVERNORS .—Subsection (l) of sec-tion 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘Each member of the Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System may em-ploy, at a minimum, 2 individuals, with such in-dividuals selected by such member and the sala-ries of such individuals set by such member. A member may employ additional individuals as determined necessary by the Board of Gov-ernors.’’. 
SEC. 1008. AMENDMENTS TO POWERS OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FED-ERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 343(3)), as amended by section 111(b)(3), is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘that pose a threat to the fi-nancial stability of the United States’’ after ‘‘unusual and exigent circumstances’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and by the affirmative vote of not less than nine presidents of the Federal reserve banks’’ after ‘‘five members’’; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (i), by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘Federal reserve banks may not ac-cept equity securities issued by the recipient of any loan or other financial assistance under this paragraph as collateral. Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this sen-tence, the Board shall, by rule, establish— ‘‘(I) a method for determining the sufficiency of the collateral required under this paragraph; ‘‘(II) acceptable classes of collateral; ‘‘(III) the amount of any discount on the value of the collateral that the Federal reserve banks will apply for purposes of calculating the sufficiency of collateral under this paragraph; and ‘‘(IV) a method for obtaining independent ap-praisals of the value of collateral the Federal re-serve banks receive.’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) by striking the second sentence; and (ii) by inserting after the first sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘A borrower shall not be eligible to bor-row from any emergency lending program or fa-cility unless the Board and all Federal banking regulators with jurisdiction over the borrower certify that, at the time the borrower initially borrows under the program or facility, the bor-rower is not insolvent.’’; (3) by inserting ‘‘financial institution’’ before ‘‘participant’’ each place such term appears; (4) in subparagraph (D)(i), by inserting ‘‘fi-nancial institution’’ before ‘‘participants’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) PENALTY RATE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this subpara-graph, the Board shall, with respect to a recipi-ent of any loan or other financial assistance under this paragraph, establish by rule a min-imum interest rate on the principal amount of any loan or other financial assistance. ‘‘(ii) M
INIMUM INTEREST RATE DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘minimum interest rate’ shall mean the sum of— ‘‘(I) the average of the secondary discount rate of all Federal Reserve banks over the most recent 90-day period; and ‘‘(II) the average of the difference between a distressed corporate bond yield index (as defined by rule of the Board) and a bond yield index of debt issued by the United States (as defined by rule of the Board) over the most recent 90-day period. ‘‘(F) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTION PARTICIPANT DE -
FINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘financial institution participant’— ‘‘(i) means a company that is predominantly engaged in financial activities (as defined in section 102(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5311(a))); and ‘‘(ii) does not include an agency described in subparagraph (W) of section 5312(a)(2) of title 31, United States Code, or an entity controlled or sponsored by such an agency.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 11(r)(2)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(r)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii)(IV), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) the available members secure the affirm-ative vote of not less than nine presidents of the Federal reserve banks.’’. 
SEC. 1009. INTEREST RATES ON BALANCES MAIN-TAINED AT A FEDERAL RESERVE BANK BY DEPOSITORY INSTITU-TIONS ESTABLISHED BY FEDERAL OPEN MARKET COMMITTEE. 
Subparagraph (A) of section 19(b)(12) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 461(b)(12)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘established by the Fed-eral Open Market Committee’’ after ‘‘rate or rates’’. 
SEC. 1010. AUDIT REFORM AND TRANSPARENCY FOR THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 714 of title 31, United States Code, or any other pro-vision of law, the Comptroller General of the United States shall annually complete an audit of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System and the Federal reserve banks under subsection (b) of such section 714 within 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after each audit required pursuant to subsection (a) is completed, the Comptroller General— (A) shall submit to Congress a report on such audit; and (B) shall make such report available to the Speaker of the House, the majority and minority leaders of the House of Representatives, the ma-jority and minority leaders of the Senate, the Chairman and Ranking Member of the com-mittee and each subcommittee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate, and any other Member of Congress who requests the report. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include a detailed description of the findings and conclusion of the Comptroller Gen-eral with respect to the audit that is the subject of the report, together with such recommenda-tions for legislative or administrative action as the Comptroller General may determine to be ap-propriate. (c) REPEAL OF CERTAIN LIMITATIONS .—Sub- section (b) of section 714 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sentence. (d) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 714 of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (d)(3), by striking ‘‘or (f)’’ each place such term appears; (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘the third undesignated paragraph of section 13’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 13(3)’’; and (C) by striking subsection (f). (2) F
EDERAL RESERVE ACT .—Subsection (s) (re-lating to ‘‘Federal Reserve Transparency and Release of Information’’) of section 11 of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘has the same meaning as in section 714(f)(1)(A) of title 31, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘means a program or facility, including any special pur-pose vehicle or other entity established by or on behalf of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or a Federal reserve bank, au-thorized by the Board of Governors under sec-tion 13(3), that is not subject to audit under sec-tion 714(e) of title 31, United States Code’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘or in sec-tion 714(f)(3)(C) of title 31, United States Code, the information described in paragraph (1) and information concerning the transactions de-scribed in section 714(f) of such title,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the information described in paragraph (1)’’; and (C) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘and section 13(3)(C), section 714(f)(3)(C) of title 31, United States Code, and’’ and inserting ‘‘, section 13(3)(C), and’’. 
SEC. 1011. ESTABLISHMENT OF A CENTENNIAL MONETARY COMMISSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Constitution endows Congress with the power ‘‘to coin money, regulate the value thereof’’. (2) Following the financial crisis known as the Panic of 1907, Congress established the Na-tional Monetary Commission to provide rec-ommendations for the reform of the financial and monetary systems of the United States. (3) Incorporating several of the recommenda-tions of the National Monetary Commission, Congress created the Federal Reserve System in 1913. As currently organized, the Federal Re-serve System consists of the Board of Governors in Washington, District of Columbia, and the Federal reserve banks organized into 12 districts around the United States. The stockholders of the 12 Federal reserve banks include national and certain State-chartered commercial banks, which operate on a fractional reserve basis. (4) Originally, Congress gave the Federal Re-serve System a monetary mandate to provide an elastic currency, within the context of a gold standard, in response to seasonal fluctuations in the demand for currency. (5) Congress also gave the Federal Reserve System a financial stability mandate to serve as the lender of last resort to solvent but illiquid banks during a financial crisis. (6) In 1977, Congress changed the monetary mandate of the Federal Reserve System to a dual mandate for maximum employment and stable prices. (7) Empirical studies and historical evidence, both within the United States and in other countries, demonstrate that price stability is de-sirable because both inflation and deflation damage the economy. (8) The economic challenge of recent years— most notably the bursting of the housing bubble, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4782 June 8, 2017 
the financial crisis of 2008, and the ensuing ane-mic recovery—have occurred at great cost in terms of lost jobs and output. (9) Policymakers are reexamining the struc-ture and functioning of financial institutions and markets to determine what, if any, changes need to be made to place the financial system on a stronger, more sustainable path going for-ward. (10) The Federal Reserve System has taken ex-traordinary actions in response to the recent economic challenges. (11) The Federal Open Market Committee has engaged in multiple rounds of quantitative eas-ing, providing unprecedented liquidity to finan-cial markets, while committing to holding short- term interest rates low for a seemingly indefinite period, and pursuing a policy of credit alloca-tion by purchasing Federal agency debt and mortgage-backed securities. (12) In the wake of the recent extraordinary actions of the Federal Reserve System, Con-gress—consistent with its constitutional respon-sibilities and as it has done periodically throughout the history of the United States— has once again renewed its examination of mon-etary policy. (13) Central in such examination has been a renewed look at what is the most proper man-date for the Federal Reserve System to conduct monetary policy in the 21st century. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF A CENTENNIAL MONE-
TARY COMMISSION .—There is established a com-mission to be known as the ‘‘Centennial Mone-tary Commission’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). (c) S
TUDY AND REPORT ON MONETARY POL-
ICY.— (1) S
TUDY .—The Commission shall— (A) examine how United States monetary pol-icy since the creation of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in 1913 has af-fected the performance of the United States economy in terms of output, employment, prices, and financial stability over time; (B) evaluate various operational regimes under which the Board of Governors of the Fed-eral Reserve System and the Federal Open Mar-ket Committee may conduct monetary policy in terms achieving the maximum sustainable level of output and employment and price stability over the long term, including— (i) discretion in determining monetary policy without an operational regime; (ii) price level targeting; (iii) inflation rate targeting; (iv) nominal gross domestic product targeting (both level and growth rate); (v) the use of monetary policy rules; and (vi) the gold standard; (C) evaluate the use of macro-prudential su-pervision and regulation as a tool of monetary policy in terms of achieving the maximum sus-tainable level of output and employment and price stability over the long term; (D) evaluate the use of the lender-of-last-re-sort function of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System as a tool of monetary policy in terms of achieving the maximum sus-tainable level of output and employment and price stability over the long term; (E) recommend a course for United States monetary policy going forward, including— (i) the legislative mandate; (ii) the operational regime; (iii) the securities used in open-market oper-ations; and (iv) transparency issues; and (F) consider the effects of the GDP output and employment targets of the ‘‘dual mandate’’ (both from the creation of the dual mandate in 1977 until the present time and estimates of the future effect of the dual mandate ) on— (i) United States economic activity; (ii) actions of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and (iii) Federal debt. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Com-mission shall submit to Congress and make pub-licly available a report containing a statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commis-sion in carrying out the study under paragraph (1), together with the recommendations the Com-mission considers appropriate. In making such report, the Commission shall specifically report on the considerations required under paragraph (1)(F). (d) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) N
UMBER AND APPOINTMENT .— (A) A
PPOINTED VOTING MEMBERS .—The Com- mission shall contain 12 voting members as fol-lows: (i) Six members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, with four members from the majority party and two members from the minority party. (ii) Six members appointed by the President Pro Tempore of the Senate, with four members from the majority party and two members from the minority party. (B) C
HAIRMAN .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the majority leader of the Senate shall jointly designate one of the mem-bers of the Commission as Chairman. (C) N
ON-VOTING MEMBERS .—The Commission shall contain 2 non-voting members as follows: (i) One member appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury. (ii) One member who is the president of a dis-trict Federal reserve bank appointed by the Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. (2) P
ERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Each member shall be appointed for the life of the Commis-sion. (3) T
IMING OF APPOINTMENT .—All members of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this section. (4) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. (5) M
EETINGS .— (A) I
NITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its initial meeting and begin the operations of the Commission as soon as is practicable. (B) F
URTHER MEETINGS .—The Commission shall meet upon the call of the Chair or a major-ity of its members. (6) Q
UORUM .—Seven voting members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum but a lesser number may hold hearings. (7) M
EMBER OF CONGRESS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Member of Congress’’ means a Senator or a Representative in, or Dele-gate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. (e) P
OWERS .— (1) H
EARINGS AND SESSIONS .—The Commission or, on the authority of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out this section, hold hear-ings, sit and act at times and places, take testi-mony, receive evidence, or administer oaths as the Commission or such subcommittee or member thereof considers appropriate. (2) C
ONTRACT AUTHORITY .—To the extent or in the amounts provided in advance in appropria-tion Acts, the Commission may contract with and compensate government and private agen-cies or persons to enable the Commission to dis-charge its duties under this section, without re-gard to section 3709 of the Revised Statutes (41 U.S.C. 5). (3) O
BTAINING OFFICIAL DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission is author-ized to secure directly from any executive de-partment, bureau, agency, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumen-tality of the Government, any information, in-cluding suggestions, estimates, or statistics, for the purposes of this section. (B) R
EQUESTING OFFICIAL DATA .—The head of such department, bureau, agency, board, com-mission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the government shall, to the extent authorized by law, furnish such informa-tion upon request made by— (i) the Chair; (ii) the Chair of any subcommittee created by a majority of the Commission; or (iii) any member of the Commission designated by a majority of the commission to request such information. (4) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) G
ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION .—The Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission on a reimbursable basis ad-ministrative support and other services for the performance of the functions of the Commission. (B) O
THER DEPARTMENTS AND AGENCIES .—In addition to the assistance prescribed in subpara-graph (A), at the request of the Commission, de-partments and agencies of the United States shall provide such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support services as may be au-thorized by law. (5) P
OSTAL SERVICE .—The Commission may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as other depart-ments and agencies of the United States. (f) C
OMMISSION PERSONNEL .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT AND COMPENSATION OF  
STAFF .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to rules prescribed by the Commission, the Chair may appoint and fix the pay of the executive director and other personnel as the Chair considers appropriate. (B) A
PPLICABILITY OF CIVIL SERVICE LAWS .— The staff of the Commission may be appointed without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and may be paid with-out regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of that title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that an individual so appointed may not receive pay in excess of level V of the Executive Schedule. (2) C
ONSULTANTS .—The Commission may pro-cure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not to exceed the daily equivalent of the rate of pay for a person occu-pying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule. (3) S
TAFF OF FEDERAL AGENCIES .—Upon re- quest of the Commission, the head of any Fed-eral department or agency may detail, on a re-imbursable basis, any of the personnel of such department or agency to the Commission to as-sist it in carrying out its duties under this sec-tion. (g) T
ERMINATION OF COMMISSION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commission shall termi-nate 6 months after the date on which the re-port is submitted under subsection (c)(2). (2) A
DMINISTRATIVE ACTIVITIES BEFORE TERMI -
NATION .—The Commission may use the period between the submission of its report and its ter-mination for the purpose of concluding its ac-tivities, including providing testimony to the committee of Congress concerning its report. (h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $1,000,000, which shall remain available until the date on which the Commis-sion terminates. TITLE XI—IMPROVING INSURANCE CO-ORDINATION THROUGH AN INDE-PENDENT ADVOCATE 
SEC. 1101. REPEAL OF THE FEDERAL INSURANCE OFFICE; CREATION OF THE OFFICE OF THE INDEPENDENT INSURANCE ADVOCATE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Section 313 of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows (and conforming the table of contents for chapter 3 of such title accordingly): ‘‘§ 313. Office of the Independent Insurance Advocate ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department of the Treasury a bureau to be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4783 June 8, 2017 
known as the Office of the Independent Insur-ance Advocate (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). ‘‘(b) I
NDEPENDENT INSURANCE ADVOCATE .— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF POSITION .—The chief officer of the Office of the Independent Insur-ance Advocate shall be known as the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate. The Independent Insurance Advocate shall perform the duties of such office under the general direction of the Secretary of the Treasury. ‘‘(2) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Independent Insur-ance Advocate shall be appointed by the Presi-dent, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, from among persons having insurance expertise. ‘‘(3) T
ERM.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Independent Insur-ance Advocate shall serve a term of 6 years, un-less sooner removed by the President upon rea-sons which shall be communicated to the Sen-ate. ‘‘(B) S
ERVICE AFTER EXPIRATION .—If a suc- cessor is not nominated and confirmed by the end of the term of service of the Independent In-surance Advocate, the person serving as Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate shall continue to serve until such time a successor is appointed and confirmed. ‘‘(C) V
ACANCY .—An Independent Insurance Advocate who is appointed to serve the remain-der of a predecessor’s uncompleted term shall be eligible thereafter to be appointed to a full 6 year term. ‘‘(D) A
CTING OFFICIAL ON FINANCIAL STABILITY  
OVERSIGHT COUNCIL .—In the event of a vacancy in the office of the Independent Insurance Ad-vocate, and pending the appointment and con-firmation of a successor, or during the absence or disability of the Independent Insurance Ad-vocate, the Independent Member shall appoint a federal official appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate from a member agency of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, not otherwise serving on the Council, who shall serve as a member of the Council and act in the place of the Independent Insurance Advocate until such vacancy, absence, or disability con-cludes. ‘‘(4) E
MPLOYMENT .—The Independent Insur-ance Advocate shall be an employee of the Fed-eral Government within the definition of em-ployee under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(c) I
NDEPENDENCE ; OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) I
NDEPENDENCE .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not delay or prevent the issuance of any rule or the promulgation of any regula-tion by the Independent Insurance Advocate, and may not intervene in any matter or pro-ceeding before the Independent Insurance Advo-cate, unless otherwise specifically provided by law. ‘‘(2) O
VERSIGHT BY INSPECTOR GENERAL .—The Office of the Independent Insurance Advocate shall be an office in the establishment of the De-partment of the Treasury for purposes of the In-spector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(d) R
ETENTION OF EXISTING STATE REGU-
LATORY AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section or section 314 shall be construed to establish or provide the Office or the Department of the Treasury with general supervisory or regulatory authority over the business of insurance. ‘‘(e) B
UDGET .— ‘‘(1) A
NNUAL TRANSMITTAL .—For each fiscal year, the Independent Insurance Advocate shall transmit a budget estimate and request to the Secretary of the Treasury, which shall specify the aggregate amount of funds requested for such fiscal year for the operations of the Office of the Independent Insurance Advocate. ‘‘(2) I
NCLUSIONS .—In transmitting the pro-posed budget to the President for approval, the Secretary of the Treasury shall include— ‘‘(A) an aggregate request for the Independent Insurance Advocate; and ‘‘(B) any comments of the Independent Insur-ance Advocate with respect to the proposal. ‘‘(3) PRESIDENT ’S BUDGET .—The President shall include in each budget of the United States Government submitted to the Congress— ‘‘(A) a separate statement of the budget esti-mate prepared in accordance with paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the amount requested by the President for the Independent Insurance Advocate; and ‘‘(C) any comments of the Independent Insur-ance Advocate with respect to the proposal if the Independent Insurance Advocate concludes that the budget submitted by the President would substantially inhibit the Independent In-surance Advocate from performing the duties of the office. ‘‘(f) A
SSISTANCE .—The Secretary of the Treas-ury shall provide the Independent Insurance Advocate such services, funds, facilities and other support services as the Independent Insur-ance Advocate may request and as the Secretary may approve. ‘‘(g) P
ERSONNEL .— ‘‘(1) E
MPLOYEES .—The Independent Insurance Advocate may fix the number of, and appoint and direct, the employees of the Office, in ac-cordance with the applicable provisions of title 5, United States Code. The Independent Insur-ance Advocate is authorized to employ attor-neys, analysts, economists, and other employees as may be deemed necessary to assist the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate to carry out the duties and functions of the Office. Unless other-wise provided expressly by law, any individual appointed under this paragraph shall be an em-ployee as defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, and subject to the provi-sions of such title and other laws generally ap-plicable to the employees of the Executive Branch. ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .—Employees of the Office shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code, relating to classi-fication and General Schedule pay rates. ‘‘(3) P
ROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTER -
MITTENT SERVICES .—The Independent Insurance Advocate may procure temporary and intermit-tent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals which do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for Level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. ‘‘(4) D
ETAILS .—Any employee of the Federal Government may be detailed to the Office with or without reimbursement, and such detail shall be without interruption or loss of civil service status or privilege. An employee of the Federal Government detailed to the Office shall report to and be subject to oversight by the Independent Insurance Advocate during the assignment to the office, and may be compensated by the branch, department, or agency from which the employee was detailed. ‘‘(5) I
NTERGOVERNMENTAL PERSONNEL .—The Independent Insurance Advocate may enter into agreements under subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, with State and local governments, institutions of higher education, Indian tribal governments, and other eligible or-ganizations for the assignment of intermittent, part-time, and full-time personnel, on a reim-bursable or non-reimbursable basis. ‘‘(h) E
THICS .— ‘‘(1) D
ESIGNATED ETHICS OFFICIAL .—The Legal Counsel of the Financial Stability Oversight Council, or in the absence of a Legal Counsel of the Council, the designated ethics official of any Council member agency, as chosen by the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate, shall be the ethics official for the Independent Insurance Advo-cate. ‘‘(2) R
ESTRICTION ON REPRESENTATION .—In addition to any restriction under section 205(c) of title18, United States Code, except as provided in subsections (d) through (i) of section 205 of such title, the Independent Insurance Advocate (except in the proper discharge of official duties) shall not, with or without compensation, rep-resent anyone to or before any officer or em-ployee of— ‘‘(A) the Financial Stability Oversight Council on any matter; or ‘‘(B) the Department of Justice with respect to litigation involving a matter described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(3) COMPENSATION FOR SERVICES PROVIDED  
BY ANOTHER .—For purposes of section 203 of title 18, United States Code, and if a special gov-ernment employee— ‘‘(A) the Independent Insurance Advocate shall not be subject to the restrictions of sub-section (a)(1) of section 203,of title 18, United States Code, for sharing in compensation earned by another for representations on matters cov-ered by such section; and ‘‘(B) a person shall not be subject to the re-strictions of subsection (a)(2) of such section for sharing such compensation with the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate. ‘‘(i) A
DVISORY , TECHNICAL , ANDPROFESSIONAL  C
OMMITTEES .—The Independent Insurance Ad-vocate may appoint such special advisory, tech-nical, or professional committees as may be use-ful in carrying out the functions of the Office and the members of such committees may be staff of the Office, or other persons, or both. ‘‘(j) M
ISSION AND FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) M
ISSION .—In carrying out the functions under this subsection, the mission of the Office shall be to act as an independent advocate on behalf of the interests of United States policy-holders on prudential aspects of insurance mat-ters of importance, and to provide perspective on protecting their interests, separate and apart from any other Federal agency or State insur-ance regulator. ‘‘(2) O
FFICE .—The Office shall have the au-thority— ‘‘(A) to coordinate Federal efforts on pruden-tial aspects of international insurance matters, including representing the United States, as ap-propriate, in the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (or a successor entity) and assisting the Secretary in negotiating cov-ered agreements (as such term is defined in sub-section (q)) in coordination with States (includ-ing State insurance commissioners) and the United States Trade Representative; ‘‘(B) to consult with the States (including State insurance regulators) regarding insurance matters of national importance and prudential insurance matters of international importance; ‘‘(C) to assist the Secretary in administering the Terrorism Insurance Program established in the Department of the Treasury under the Ter-rorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 6701 note); ‘‘(D) to observe all aspects of the insurance industry, including identifying issues or gaps in the regulation of insurers that could contribute to a systemic crisis in the insurance industry or the United States financial system; and ‘‘(E) to make determinations and exercise the authority under subsection (m) with respect to covered agreements and State insurance meas-ures. ‘‘(3) M
EMBERSHIP ON FINANCIAL STABILITY  
OVERSIGHT COUNCIL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Independent Insur-ance Advocate shall serve, pursuant to section 111(b)(1)(J) of the Financial Stability Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5321(b)(1)(J)), as a member on the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY .—To assist the Financial Stability Oversight Council with its responsibil-ities to monitor international insurance develop-ments, advise the Congress, and make rec-ommendations, the Independent Insurance Ad-vocate shall have the authority— ‘‘(i) to regularly consult with international in-surance supervisors and international financial stability counterparts; ‘‘(ii) to consult with the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the States with respect to representing the United States, as ap-propriate, in the International Association of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4784 June 8, 2017 
Insurance Supervisors (including to become a non-voting member thereof), particularly on matters of systemic risk; ‘‘(iii) to participate at the Financial Stability Board of The Group of Twenty and to join with other members from the United States including on matters related to insurance; and ‘‘(iv) to participate with the United States del-egation to the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and observe and participate at the Insurance and Private Pen-sions Committee. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATIONS ON PARTICIPATION IN SUPER -
VISORY COLLEGES .—The Office may not engage in any activities that it is not specifically au-thorized to engage in under this section or any other provision of law, including participation in any supervisory college or other meetings or fora for cooperation and communication be-tween the involved insurance supervisors estab-lished for the fundamental purpose of facili-tating the effectiveness of supervision of entities which belong to an insurance group. ‘‘(k) S
COPE.—The authority of the Office as specified and limited in this section shall extend to all lines of insurance except— ‘‘(1) health insurance, as determined by the Secretary in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services based on section 2791 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300gg-91); ‘‘(2) long-term care insurance, except long- term care insurance that is included with life or annuity insurance components, as determined by the Secretary in coordination with the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, and in the case of long-term care insurance that is in-cluded with such components, the Secretary shall coordinate with the Secretary of Health and Human Services in performing the functions of the Office; and ‘‘(3) crop insurance, as established by the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.). ‘‘(l) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—In carrying out the functions required under subsection (j), the Office may coordinate with any relevant Federal agency and any State insurance regu-lator (or other relevant Federal or State regu-latory agency, if any, in the case of an affiliate of an insurer) and any publicly available sources for the provision to the Office of pub-licly available information. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, each such relevant Federal agency and State insurance regulator or other Federal or State regulatory agency is au-thorized to provide to the Office such data or in-formation. ‘‘(m) P
REEMPTION PURSUANT TO COVERED  A
GREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) S
TANDARDS .—A State insurance measure shall be preempted pursuant to this section or section 314 if, and only to the extent that the Independent Insurance Advocate determines, in accordance with this subsection, that the meas-ure— ‘‘(A) results in less favorable treatment of a non-United States insurer domiciled in a foreign jurisdiction that is subject to a covered agree-ment than a United States insurer domiciled, li-censed, or otherwise admitted in that State; and ‘‘(B) is inconsistent with a covered agreement. ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE OF POTENTIAL INCONSISTENCY .— Before making any determination under para-graph (1), the Independent Insurance Advocate shall— ‘‘(i) notify and consult with the appropriate State regarding any potential inconsistency or preemption; ‘‘(ii) notify and consult with the United States Trade Representative regarding any potential inconsistency or preemption; ‘‘(iii) cause to be published in the Federal Register notice of the issue regarding the poten-tial inconsistency or preemption, including a de-scription of each State insurance measure at issue and any applicable covered agreement; ‘‘(iv) provide interested parties a reasonable opportunity to submit written comments to the Office; and ‘‘(v) consider any comments received. ‘‘(B) SCOPE OF REVIEW .—For purposes of this subsection, any determination of the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate regarding State in-surance measures, and any preemption under paragraph (1) as a result of such determination, shall be limited to the subject matter contained within the covered agreement involved and shall achieve a level of protection for insurance or re-insurance consumers that is substantially equiv-alent to the level of protection achieved under State insurance or reinsurance regulation. ‘‘(C) N
OTICE OF DETERMINATION OF INCONSIST -
ENCY.—Upon making any determination under paragraph (1), the Director shall— ‘‘(i) notify the appropriate State of the deter-mination and the extent of the inconsistency; ‘‘(ii) establish a reasonable period of time, which shall not be less than 30 days, before the determination shall become effective; and ‘‘(iii) notify the Committees on Financial Services and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Finance of the Senate. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE OF EFFECTIVENESS .—Upon the conclusion of the period referred to in para-graph (2)(C)(ii), if the basis for such determina-tion still exists, the determination shall become effective and the Independent Insurance Advo-cate shall— ‘‘(A) cause to be published a notice in the Federal Register that the preemption has become effective, as well as the effective date; and ‘‘(B) notify the appropriate State. ‘‘(4) L
IMITATION .—No State may enforce a State insurance measure to the extent that such measure has been preempted under this sub-section. ‘‘(5) A
PPLICABILITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE PRO -
CEDURES ACT .—Determinations of inconsistency made pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be subject to the applicable provisions of subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (relating to administrative procedure), and chapter 7 of such title (relating to judicial review), except that in any action for judicial review of a deter-mination of inconsistency, the court shall deter-mine the matter de novo. ‘‘(n) C
ONSULTATION .—The Independent Insur-ance Advocate shall consult with State insur-ance regulators, individually or collectively, to the extent the Independent Insurance Advocate determines appropriate, in carrying out the functions of the Office. ‘‘(o) N
OTICES AND REQUESTS FOR COMMENT .— In addition to the other functions and duties specified in this section, the Independent Insur-ance Advocate may prescribe such notices and requests for comment in the Federal Register as are deemed necessary related to and governing the manner in which the duties and authorities of the Independent Insurance Advocate are car-ried out; ‘‘(p) S
AVINGS PROVISIONS .—Nothing in this section shall— ‘‘(1) preempt— ‘‘(A) any State insurance measure that gov-erns any insurer’s rates, premiums, under-writing, or sales practices; ‘‘(B) any State coverage requirements for in-surance; ‘‘(C) the application of the antitrust laws of any State to the business of insurance; or ‘‘(D) any State insurance measure governing the capital or solvency of an insurer, except to the extent that such State insurance measure re-sults in less favorable treatment of a non-United State insurer than a United States insurer; or ‘‘(2) affect the preemption of any State insur-ance measure otherwise inconsistent with and preempted by Federal law. ‘‘(q) R
ETENTION OF AUTHORITY OF FEDERAL  F
INANCIAL REGULATORY AGENCIES .—Nothing in this section or section 314 shall be construed to limit the authority of any Federal financial reg-ulatory agency, including the authority to de-velop and coordinate policy, negotiate, and enter into agreements with foreign governments, authorities, regulators, and multinational regu-latory committees and to preempt State measures to affect uniformity with international regu-latory agreements. ‘‘(r) RETENTION OF AUTHORITY OF UNITED  S
TATES TRADE REPRESENTATIVE .—Nothing in this section or section 314 shall be construed to affect the authority of the Office of the United States Trade Representative pursuant to section 141 of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2171) or any other provision of law, including authority over the development and coordination of United States international trade policy and the administration of the United States trade agree-ments program. ‘‘(s) C
ONGRESSIONAL TESTIMONY .—The Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate shall appear before the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs at semi- annual hearings and shall provide testimony, which shall include submitting written testi-mony in advance of such appearances to such committees and to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, on the fol-lowing matters: ‘‘(1) O
FFICE ACTIVITIES .—The efforts, activi-ties, objectives, and plans of the Office. ‘‘(2) S
ECTION 313(L) ACTIONS .—Any actions taken by the Office pursuant to subsection (l) (regarding preemption pursuant to covered agreements). ‘‘(3) I
NSURANCE INDUSTRY .—The state of, and developments in, the insurance industry. ‘‘(4) U.S. 
AND GLOBAL INSURANCE AND REIN -
SURANCE MARKETS .—The breadth and scope of the global insurance and reinsurance markets and the critical role such markets plays in sup-porting insurance in the United States and the ongoing impacts of part II of the Nonadmitted and Reinsurance Reform Act of 2010 on the abil-ity of State regulators to access reinsurance in-formation for regulated companies in their juris-dictions. ‘‘(5) O
THER.—Any other matters as deemed relevant by the Independent Insurance Advo-cate or requested by such Committees. ‘‘(t) R
EPORT UPONEND OF TERM OF OFFICE .— Not later than two months prior to the expira-tion of the term of office, or discontinuation of service, of each individual serving as the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate, the Independent Insurance Advocate shall submit a report to the Committees on Financial Services and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and Finance of the Senate setting forth recommendations regarding the Financial Sta-bility Oversight Council and the role, duties, and functions of the Independent Insurance Ad-vocate. ‘‘(u) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section and section 314, the following definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) A
FFILIATE .—The term ‘affiliate’ means, with respect to an insurer, any person who con-trols, is controlled by, or is under common con-trol with the insurer. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED AGREEMENT .—The term ‘covered agreement’ means a written bilateral or multi-lateral agreement regarding prudential measures with respect to the business of insurance or re-insurance that— ‘‘(A) is entered into between the United States and one or more foreign governments, authori-ties, or regulatory entities; and ‘‘(B) relates to the recognition of prudential measures with respect to the business of insur-ance or reinsurance that achieves a level of pro-tection for insurance or reinsurance consumers that is substantially equivalent to the level of protection achieved under State insurance or re-insurance regulation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4785 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(3) I NSURER .—The term ‘insurer’ means any person engaged in the business of insurance, in-cluding reinsurance. ‘‘(4) F
EDERAL FINANCIAL REGULATORY AGEN -
CY.—The term ‘Federal financial regulatory agency’ means the Department of the Treasury, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, the Office of the Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Office of Thrift Supervision, the Se-curities and Exchange Commission, the Com-modity Futures Trading Commission, the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or the National Credit Union Administration. ‘‘(5) F
INANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUN -
CIL.—The term ‘Financial Stability Oversight Council ’ means the Financial Stability Over-sight Council established under section 111(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5321(a)). ‘‘(6) M
EMBER AGENCY .—The term ‘member agency’ has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 111(a) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5321(a)). ‘‘(7) N
ON-UNITED STATES INSURER .—The term ‘non-United States insurer’ means an insurer that is organized under the laws of a jurisdic-tion other than a State, but does not include any United States branch of such an insurer. ‘‘(8) O
FFICE .—The term ‘Office’ means the Of-fice of the Independent Insurance Advocate es-tablished by this section. ‘‘(9) S
TATE INSURANCE MEASURE .—The term ‘State insurance measure’ means any State law, regulation, administrative ruling, bulletin, guideline, or practice relating to or affecting prudential measures applicable to insurance or reinsurance. ‘‘(10) S
TATE INSURANCE REGULATOR .—The term ‘State insurance regulator’ means any State reg-ulatory authority responsible for the supervision of insurers. ‘‘(11) S
UBSTANTIALLY EQUIVALENT TO THE  
LEVEL OF PROTECTION ACHIEVED .—The term ‘substantially equivalent to the level of protec-tion achieved’ means the prudential measures of a foreign government, authority, or regulatory entity achieve a similar outcome in consumer protection as the outcome achieved under State insurance or reinsurance regulation. ‘‘(12) U
NITED STATES INSURER .—The term ‘United States insurer’ means— ‘‘(A) an insurer that is organized under the laws of a State; or ‘‘(B) a United States branch of a non-United States insurer.’’. (b) P
AY AT LEVEL III OFEXECUTIVE SCHED -
ULE.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Independent Insurance Advocate, Depart-ment of the Treasury.’’. (c) I
NDEPENDENCE .—Section 111 of Public Law 93–495 (12 U.S.C. 250) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘the Independent Insurance Advocate of the Department of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘Federal Housing Finance Agency,’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘or official’’ before ‘‘submit-ting them’’. (d) T
RANSFER OF EMPLOYEES .—All employees of the Department of Treasury who are per-forming staff functions for the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council under section 111(b)(2)(J) of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5321(b)(2)(J)) on a full-time equivalent basis as of the date of enactment of this Act shall be eligible for transfer to the Of-fice of the Independent Insurance Advocate es-tablished pursuant to the amendment made by subsection (a) of this section for appointment as an employee and shall be transferred at the joint discretion of the Independent Insurance Advocate and the eligible employee. Any em-ployee eligible for transfer that is not appointed within 360 days from the date of enactment of this Act shall be eligible for detail under section 313(f)(4) of title 31, United States Code. (e) TEMPORARY SERVICE ; TRANSITION .—Not- withstanding the amendment made by sub-section (a) of this section, during the period be-ginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date on which the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate is appointed and confirmed pursuant to section 313(b)(2) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by such amendment, the person serving, on such date of enactment, as the independent member of the Financial Stability Oversight Council pursuant to section 111(b)(1)(J) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5321(b)(1)(J)) shall act for all purposes as, and with the full powers of, the Independent Insurance Advocate. (f) C
OMPARABILITY IN COMPENSATION SCHED -
ULES.—Subsection (a) of section 1206 of the Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989 (12 U.S.C. 1833b(a)), as amended by section 711(c)(11)(D), is further amended by inserting ‘‘the Office of the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate of the Department of the Treasury,’’ before ‘‘and the Farm Credit Administration,’’. (g) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVES .—Subparagraph (D) of section 3132(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the Office of the Inde-pendent Insurance Advocate of the Department of the Treasury,’’ after ‘‘Finance Agency,’’. 
SEC. 1102. TREATMENT OF COVERED AGREE-MENTS. 
Subsection (c) of section 314 of title 31, United States Code is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so re-designated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) the Secretary of the Treasury and the United States Trade Representative have caused to be published in the Federal Register, and made available for public comment for a period of not fewer than 30 days and not greater than 90 days (which period may run concurrently with the 90-day period for the covered agree-ment referred to in paragraph (3)), the proposed text of the covered agreement;’’. TITLE XII—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 1201. TABLE OF CONTENTS; DEFINITIONAL CORRECTIONS. 
(a) T ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Public Law 111– 203; 124 Stat. 1376) is amended by striking the items relating to sections 407 through 414 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 407. Exemption of and reporting by ven-ture capital fund advisers. ‘‘Sec. 408. Exemption of and reporting by cer-tain private fund advisers. ‘‘Sec. 409. Family offices. ‘‘Sec. 410. State and Federal responsibilities; asset threshold for Federal reg-istration of investment advisers. ‘‘Sec. 411. Custody of client assets. ‘‘Sec. 414. Rule of construction relating to the Commodity Exchange Act. ‘‘Sec. 418. Qualified client standard. ‘‘Sec. 419. Transition period.’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 2 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (12 U.S.C. 5301) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 3’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 3(w)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 1813)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 1813(w))’’; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘1 et seq.’’ and inserting ‘‘1a’’; and (3) in paragraph (18)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘bank holding company’,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘‘includes’,’’ before ‘‘‘includ-ing’,’’. 
SEC. 1202. ANTITRUST SAVINGS CLAUSE CORREC-TIONS. 
Section 6 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5303) is amended, in the second sentence— (1) by inserting ‘‘(15 U.S.C. 12(a))’’ after ‘‘Clayton Act’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Act, to’’ and inserting ‘‘Act (15 U.S.C. 45) to’’. SEC. 1203. TITLE I CORRECTIONS. 
Title I of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5311 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 102(a)(6) (12 U.S.C. 5311(a)(6)), by inserting ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 1843(k))’’ after ‘‘of 1956’’ each place that term appears; (2) in section 111(c)(3) (12 U.S.C. 5321(c)(3)), by striking ‘‘that agency or department head’’ and inserting ‘‘the head of that member agency or department’’; (3) in section 112 (12 U.S.C. 5322)— (A) in subsection (a)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (C) (as redesignated by section 151)— (I) by striking ‘‘to monitor’’ and inserting ‘‘monitor’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘to advise’’ and inserting ‘‘ad-vise’’; (ii) in subparagraph (H) (as redesignated by section 151), by striking ‘‘may’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(5), by striking ‘‘sub-section and subtitle B’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subtitle’’; and (4) in section 171(b)(4)(D) (12 U.S.C. 5371(b)(4)(D)), by adding a period at the end. 
SEC. 1204. TITLE III CORRECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5401 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 327(b)(5) (12 U.S.C. 5437(b)(5)), by striking ‘‘in’’ and inserting ‘‘into’’; (2) in section 333(b)(2) (124 Stat. 1539), by in-serting ‘‘the second place that term appears’’ be-fore ‘‘and inserting’’; and (3) in section 369(5) (124 Stat. 1559)— (A) in subparagraph (D)(i)— (i) in subclause (III), by redesignating items (aa), (bb), and (cc) as subitems (AA), (BB), and (CC), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (ii) in subclause (IV), by redesignating items (aa) and (bb) as subitems (AA) and (BB), re-spectively, and adjusting the margins accord-ingly; (iii) in subclause (V), by redesignating items (aa), (bb), and (cc) as subitems (AA), (BB), and (CC), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (iv) by redesignating subclauses (III), (IV), and (V) as items (bb), (cc), and (dd), respec-tively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (B) in subparagraph (F)— (i) in clause (ii), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by striking clause (iv); and (C) in subparagraph (G)(i), by inserting ‘‘each place such term appears’’ before ‘‘and insert-ing’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) S
ECTION 333 .—The amendment made by subsection (a)(2) of this section shall take effect as though enacted as part of subtitle C of title III of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1538). (2) S
ECTION 369 .—The amendments made by subsection (a)(3) of this section shall take effect as though enacted as part of subtitle E of title III of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1546). 
SEC. 1205. TITLE IV CORRECTION. 
Section 414 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1578) is amended in the section heading by strik-ing ‘‘COMMODITIES’’ and inserting ‘‘COM- MODITY’’. 
SEC. 1206. TITLE VI CORRECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 610 of the Dodd- Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protec-tion Act (124 Stat. 1596) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4786 June 8, 2017 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) of this section shall take effect as though enacted as part of section 610 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1611). 
SEC. 1207. TITLE VII CORRECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 719(c)(1)(B) (15 U.S.C. 8307(c)(1)(B)), by adding a period at the end; (2) in section 723(a)(1)(B) (124 Stat. 1675), by inserting ‘‘, as added by section 107 of the Com-modity Futures Modernization Act of 2000 (Ap-pendix E of Public Law 106–554; 114 Stat. 2763A– 382),’’ after ‘‘subsection (i)’’; (3) in section 724(a), by striking ‘‘adding at the end’’ and inserting ‘‘inserting after sub-section (e)’’; (4) in section 734(b)(1) (124 Stat. 1718), by striking ‘‘is amended’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(B) in’’ and inserting ‘‘is amended in’’; (5) in section 741(b)(10) (124 Stat. 1732), by striking ‘‘1a(19)(A)(iv)(II)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘1a(18)(A)(iv)(II)’’; and (6) in section 749 (124 Stat. 1746)— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘adding at the end’’ and inserting ‘‘inserting after sub-section (f)’’; and (B) in subsection (h)(1)(B), by inserting ‘‘the second place that term appears’’ before the semi-colon. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6) of subsection (a) of this section shall take effect as though en-acted as part of part II of subtitle A of title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1658). 
SEC. 1208. TITLE IX CORRECTIONS. 
Section 939(h)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1887) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘The’’ before ‘‘Commission’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘feasability’’ and inserting ‘‘feasibility’’. 
SEC. 1209. TITLE X CORRECTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5481 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1002(12)(G) (12 U.S.C. 5481(12)(G)), by striking ‘‘Home Owners’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeowners’’; (2) in section 1013(a)(1)(C) (12 U.S.C. 5493(a)(1)(C)), by striking ‘‘section 11(1) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(1))’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (l) of section 11 of the Fed-eral Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 248(l)’’; (3) in section 1017(a)(2) (as so redesignated by section 712) (12 U.S.C. 5497(a)(5))— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the last sentence by striking ‘‘716(c) of title 31, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘716 of title 31, United States Code’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘section 3709 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (41 U.S.C. 5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6101 of title 41, United States Code’’; (4) in section 1027(d)(1)(B) (12 U.S.C. 5517(d)(1)(B)), by inserting a comma after ‘‘(A)’’; (5) in section 1029(d) (12 U.S.C. 5519(d)), by striking the period after ‘‘Commission Act’’; (6) in section 1061(b)(7) (12 U.S.C. 5581(b)(7))— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Department of Housing and Urban Development’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 5102 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.)’’; (7) in section 1063 (12 U.S.C. 5583)— (A) in subsection (f)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘that’’; and (B) in subsection (g)(1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 5102 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘seq)’’ and inserting ‘‘seq.)’’; (8) in section 1064(i)(1)(A)(iii) (12 U.S.C. 5584(i)(1)(A)(iii)), by inserting a period before ‘‘If an’’; (9) in section 1073(c)(2) (12 U.S.C. 5601(c)(2))— (A) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘AND EDUCATION ’’ after ‘‘ FINANCIAL LITERACY ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘its duties’’ and inserting ‘‘their duties’’; (10) in section 1076(b)(1) (12 U.S.C. 5602(b)(1)), by inserting before the period at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘, the Agency may, after notice and op-portunity for comment, prescribe regulations’’; (11) in section 1077(b)(4)(F) (124 Stat. 2076), by striking ‘‘associates’’ and inserting ‘‘associ-ate’s’’; (12) in section 1084(1) (124 Stat. 2081), by in-serting a comma after ‘‘2009)’’; (13) in section 1089 (124 Stat. 2092)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as sub-paragraph (C) and adjusting the margins ac-cordingly; and (14) in section 1098(6) (124 Stat. 2104), by in-serting ‘‘the first place that term appears’’ be-fore ‘‘and’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by paragraphs (11), (12), (13), (14), and (15) of subsection (a) shall take effect as though en-acted as part of subtitle H of title X of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 2080). 
SEC. 1210. TITLE XII CORRECTION. 
Title XII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 2129) is amended, in section 1208(b) (12 U.S.C. 5626(b)), by inserting ‘‘, as defined in section 103(10) of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4702(10)),’’ after ‘‘appropriated to the Fund’’. 
SEC. 1211. TITLE XIV CORRECTION. 
Title XIV of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 2136) is amended, in section 1451(c) (12 U.S.C. 1701x–1(c)), by striking ‘‘pursuant’’. 
SEC. 1212. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO OTHER STATUTES. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE MORTGAGE TRANSACTION  P
ARITY ACT OF 1982.—The Alternative Mortgage Transaction Parity Act of 1982 (12 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 802(a)(3) (12 U.S.C. 3801(a)(3)), by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ and inserting ‘‘the Consumer Law Enforcement Agency’’; (2) in section 804 (12 U.S.C. 3803)— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘the Comp-troller of the Currency’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking the comma after ‘‘Administration’’. (b) B
ANK HOLDING COMPANY ACTAMEND -
MENTS OF 1970.—Section 106(b)(1) of the Bank Holding Company Act Amendments of 1970 (12 U.S.C. 1972(1)) is amended, in the undesignated matter at the end, by striking ‘‘Federal Deposit Insurance Company’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’’. (c) B
ALANCED BUDGET AND EMERGENCY DEF-
ICITCONTROL ACT.—Section 255(g)(1)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Con-trol Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 905(g)(1)(A)) is amend-ed by striking ‘‘Office of Thrift Supervision (20– 4108–0–3–373).’’. (d) B
RETTON WOODS AGREEMENTS ACT.—Sec- tion 68(a)(1) of the Bretton Woods Agreements Act (22 U.S.C. 286tt(a)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Fund ,’’ and inserting ‘‘Fund,’’. (e) CAN–SPAM A
CT OF 2003.—Section 7(b)(1)(D) of the CAN–SPAM Act of 2003 (15 U.S.C. 7706(b)(1)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ and inserting ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency or the Board of Directors of Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation, as applicable’’. (f) CHILDREN ’SONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION  A
CT OF 1998.—Section 1306(b)(2) of the Chil-dren’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (15 U.S.C. 6505(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ and in-serting ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency or the Board of Directors of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as applicable’’. (g) C
OMMUNITY REINVESTMENT ACT OF 1977.— The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 (12 U.S.C. 2901 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 803(1)(C) (12 U.S.C. 2902(1)(C)), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (2) in section 806 (12 U.S.C. 2905), by striking ‘‘companies,,’’ and inserting ‘‘companies,’’. (h) C
REDIT REPAIR ORGANIZATIONS ACT.—Sec- tion 403(4) of the Credit Repair Organizations Act (15 U.S.C. 1679a(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘103(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(f)’’. (i) D
EPOSITORY INSTITUTION MANAGEMENT  I
NTERLOCKS ACT.—Section 205(9) of the Deposi-tory Institution Management Interlocks Act (12 U.S.C. 3204(9)) is amended by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ and insert-ing ‘‘appropriate Federal banking agency’’. (j) E
CONOMIC GROWTH AND REGULATORY PA-
PERWORK REDUCTION ACT OF 1996.—Section 2227(a)(1) of the Economic Growth and Regu-latory Paperwork Reduction Act of 1996 (12 U.S.C. 252(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Di-rector of the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’. (k) E
LECTRONIC FUND TRANSFER ACT.—The Electronic Fund Transfer Act (15 U.S.C. 1693 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 903 (15 U.S.C. 1693a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘103(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(j)’’; and (B) by redesignating the first paragraph des-ignated as paragraph (4) (defining the term ‘‘Board’’), as paragraph (3); (2) in section 904(a) (15 U.S.C. 1693b(a))— (A) by redesignating the second paragraph designated as paragraph (1) (relating to con-sultation with other agencies), the second para-graph designated as paragraph (2) (relating to the preparation of an analysis of economic im-pact), paragraph (3), and paragraph (4), as sub-paragraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (B) by striking ‘‘In prescribing such regula-tions, the Board shall:’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) R
EGULATIONS .—In prescribing regulations under this subsection, the Agency and the Board shall—’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(C), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the Board shall’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)(D), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting ‘‘send promptly’’ before ‘‘any’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘shall be sent promptly to Con-gress by the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘to Con-gress’’; (3) in section 909(c) (15 U.S.C. 1693g(c)), by striking ‘‘103(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(f)’’; (4) in section 918(a)(4) (15 U.S.C. 1693o(a)(4), by striking ‘‘Act and’’ and inserting ‘‘Act; and’’; (5) by redesignating the section added by sec-tion 1073(4) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Re-form and Consumer Protection Act (relating to remittance transfers) (15 U.S.C. 1693o–1) as sec-tion 920 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act; (6) by redesignating the section headed ‘‘Rea-sonable fees and rules for payment card trans-action’’ (15 U.S.C. 1693o–2) as section 921 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act; (7) by redesignating the section headed ‘‘Rela-tion to State laws’’ (15 U.S.C. 1693q) as section 922 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act; (8) by redesignating the section headed ‘‘Ex-emption for State regulation’’ (15 U.S.C. 1693r) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4787 June 8, 2017 
as section 923 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act; and (9) by redesignating the section headed ‘‘Ef-fective date’’ (15 U.S.C. 1693 note) as section 924 of the Electronic Fund Transfer Act. (l) E
MERGENCY ECONOMIC STABILIZATION ACT 
OF2008.—Section 101(b) of the Emergency Eco-nomic Stabilization Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5211(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’. (m) E
QUAL CREDIT OPPORTUNITY ACT.—The Equal Credit Opportunity Act (15 U.S.C. 1691 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 703 (15 U.S.C. 1691b)— (A) in each of subsections (c) and (d), by striking ‘‘paragraph’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘subsection’’; and (B) in subsection (g), by adding a period at the end; (2) in section 704 (15 U.S.C. 1691c)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘Consumer Protection Finan-cial Protection Act of 2010 with’’ and inserting ‘‘Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010, compliance with’’; (ii) in paragraph (1)— (I) by striking ‘‘section 8’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-tion 8’’; and (II) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘banks;’’ and inserting ‘‘banks.’’; (iii) in each of paragraphs (6) and (7), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period; and (iv) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (B) in subsection (c), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘subchapter’’ and inserting ‘‘title’’; and (3) in section 706(k) (15 U.S.C. 1691e(k)), by striking ‘‘, (2), or (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (2)’’. (n) E
XPEDITED FUNDS AVAILABILITY ACT.— The Expedited Funds Availability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 605(f)(2)(A) (12 U.S.C. 4004(f)(2)(A)), by striking ‘‘,,’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (2) in section 610(a)(2) (12 U.S.C. 4009(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Thrift Su-pervision’’ and inserting ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency and the Board of Directors of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Corporation, as appro-priate,’’. (o) F
AIRCREDIT REPORTING ACT.—The Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 603 (15 U.S.C. 1681a)— (A) in subsection (d)(2)(D), by striking ‘‘(x)’’ and inserting ‘‘(y)’’; (B) in subsection (q)(5), by striking ‘‘103(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(j)’’; and (C) in subsection (v), by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Trade Commission’’; (2) in section 604 (15 U.S.C. 1681b)— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (2)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘section 615(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 615(a)(4)’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘clause (B)(i)(IV)’’ and inserting ‘‘clause (i)(IV)’’; (iii) in paragraph (4)(A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (iv) by striking ‘‘section 609(c)(3)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘section 609(c)’’; and (B) in subsection (g)(5), by striking ‘‘
PARA-
GRAPH (2) .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘
PARAGRAPH (2) .—The Agency’’; (3) in section 605 (15 U.S.C. 1681c)— (A) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘who’’ and inserting ‘‘which’’; and (B) in subsection (h)(2)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘shall,,’’ and inserting ‘‘shall,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Commission,,’’ and inserting ‘‘Commission,’’; (4) in paragraphs (1)(A), (1)(B)(i), (2)(A)(i), and (2)(B) of section 605A(h) (15 U.S.C. 1681c– 1(h))— (A) by striking ‘‘103(i)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘103(j)’’ ; and (B) by striking ‘‘open-end’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘open end’’; (5) in section 607(e)(3)(A) (15 U.S.C. 1681e(e)(3)(A)), by striking ‘‘section 604(b)(4)(E)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604(b)(4)(D)(i)’’; (6) in section 609 (15 U.S.C. 1681g)— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 604(b)(4)(E)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 604(b)(4)(D)(i)’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘COMMISSION ’’ and inserting ‘‘B UREAU ’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)(vi), by striking ‘‘603(w)’’ and inserting ‘‘603(x)’’; (C) in subsection (e)(2)(B)(ii)(II), by striking ‘‘an’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘The Bureau’’; (7) in section 610 (15 U.S.C. 1681h)— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘section’’ after ‘‘under’’; and (B) in subsection (e), by inserting a comma after ‘‘on the report’’; (8) in section 611 (15 U.S.C. 1681i), by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘The Agency’’; (9) in section 612 (15 U.S.C. 1681j)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘(w)’’ and inserting ‘‘(x)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘603(w)’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘603(x)’’; (B) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘televison’’ and inserting ‘‘television’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘The Commission’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘The Bureau’’; (10) in section 621 (15 U.S.C. 1681s)— (A) in subsection (a)(1), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘, subsection (b)’’; (B) in subsection (e)(2), by inserting a period after ‘‘provisions of this title’’; and (C) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘The Com-mission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Agency’’ and (11) in section 623(a)(5) (15 U.S.C. 1681s– 2(a)(5)), by striking ‘‘
OF ACCOUNTS .—(A) IN GEN -
ERAL.—A person’’ and inserting ‘‘ OF AC -
COUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A person’’. (p) F
EDERAL CREDIT UNION ACT.—Section 206(g)(7)(D)(iv) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1786(g)(7)(D)(iv)) is amended by strik-ing the semicolon at the end and inserting a pe-riod. (q) F
EDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE ACT.—The Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1811 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3(q)(2)(C) (12 U.S.C. 1813(q)(2)(C)), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in section 7 (12 U.S.C. 1817)— (A) in subsection (b)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘(C)’’; and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively; and (B) in subsection (e)(2)(C), by adding a period at the end; (3) in section 8 (12 U.S.C. 1818)— (A) in subsection (b)(3), by striking ‘‘Act))’’ and inserting ‘‘Act)’’; and (B) in subsection (t)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘de-positors or’’ and inserting ‘‘depositors; or’’; (4) in section 11 (12 U.S.C. 1821)— (A) in subsection (d)(2)(I)(ii), by striking ‘‘and section 21A(b)(4)’’; and (B) in subsection (m), in each of paragraphs (16) and (18), by striking the comma after ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’ each place it ap-pears; and (5) in section 26(a) (12 U.S.C. 1831c(a)), by striking ‘‘Holding Company Act’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Holding Com-pany Act of 1956’’. (r) F
EDERAL FIREPREVENTION AND CONTROL  A
CT OF 1974.—Section 31(a)(5)(B) of the Federal Fire Prevention and Control Act of 1974 (15 U.S.C. 2227(a)(5)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’’ and all that follows through the period and in-serting ‘‘or the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration under the affordable housing program under section 40 of the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Act.’’. (s) FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ACT.—The Federal Home Loan Bank Act (12 U.S.C. 1421 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 10(h)(1) (12 U.S.C. 1430(h)(1)), by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Thrift Super-vision’’ and inserting ‘‘Comptroller of the Cur-rency or the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, as applicable’’; and (2) in section 22(a) (12 U.S.C. 1442(a))— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Supervision’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, the Chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and the Chair-man of the National Credit Union Administra-tion’’; and (B) in the undesignated matter following paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Super-vision’’ and inserting ‘‘Comptroller of the Cur-rency, the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the Chair-man of the National Credit Union Administra-tion’’. (t) F
EDERAL RESERVE ACT.—Paragraph (8)(B) of section 11(s) of the Federal Reserve Act (headed ‘‘Federal Reserve Transparency and Release of Information’’) (12 U.S.C. 248) is amended by striking ‘‘this section’’ and insert-ing ‘‘this subsection’’. (u) F
INANCIAL INSTITUTIONS REFORM , RECOV-
ERY, ANDENFORCEMENT ACT OF 1989.—The Fi-nancial Institutions Reform, Recovery, and En-forcement Act of 1989 (Public Law 101–73; 103 Stat. 183) is amended in section 1121(6) (12 U.S.C. 3350(6)), by striking ‘‘the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’. (v) G
RAMM -LEACH-BLILEY ACT.—The Gramm- Leach-Bliley Act (Public Law 106–102; 113 Stat. 1338) is amended— (1) in section 132(a) (12 U.S.C. 1828b(a)), by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Su-pervision,’’; (2) in section 206(a) (15 U.S.C. 78c note), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (e), for’’ and inserting ‘‘For’’; (3) in section 502(e)(5) (15 U.S.C. 6802(e)(5)), by striking ‘‘a Federal’’ and inserting ‘‘, a Fed-eral’’; (4) in section 504(a)(2) (15 U.S.C. 6804(a)(2)), by striking ‘‘and, as appropriate, and with’’ and inserting ‘‘and, as appropriate, with’’; (5) in section 509(2) (15 U.S.C. 6809(2))— (A) by striking subparagraph (D); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and (6) in section 522(b)(1)(A)(iv) (15 U.S.C. 6822(b)(1)(A)(iv)), by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ and inserting ‘‘Comptroller of the Currency and the Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration, as appropriate’’. (w) H
ELPING FAMILIES SAVE THEIR HOMES  A
CT OF 2009.—Section 104 of the Helping Fami-lies Save Their Homes Act of 2009 (12 U.S.C. 1715z–25) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, shall jointly’’ and insert-ing ‘‘shall’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Senate,’’ and inserting ‘‘Sen-ate and’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘and the Office of Thrift Su-pervision’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘each such’’ and inserting ‘‘such’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4788 June 8, 2017 
(B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Of-fice of Thrift Supervision’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence— (I) by striking ‘‘and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘or the Director’’; and (ii) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘and the Director of the Office of Thrift Super-vision’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’. (x) H
OME MORTGAGE DISCLOSURE ACT OF  1975.—The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 (12 U.S.C. 2801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 304— (A) in subsection (b)(5)(A), by striking ‘‘15 U.S.C. 1602(aa)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103(aa)(4) of the Truth in Lending Act’’; and (B) in subsection (j)(3) (12 U.S.C. 2803(j)(3)), by adding a period at the end; and (2) in section 305(b)(1)(A) (12 U.S.C. 2804(b)(1)(A))— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by in-serting ‘‘by’’ before ‘‘the appropriate Federal banking agency’’; and (B) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘bank as,’’ and inserting ‘‘bank, as’’. (y) H
OME OWNERS ’ LOAN ACT.—The Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1461 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 5 (12 U.S.C. 1464)— (A) in subsection (d)(2)(E)(ii)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Except as provided in section 21A of the Federal Home Loan Bank Act, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, at the Director’s discre-tion,’’; (B) in subsection (i)(6), by striking ‘‘the Office of Thrift Supervision or’’; (C) in subsection (m), by striking ‘‘Director’s’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘ap-propriate Federal banking agency’s’’; (D) in subsection (n)(9)(B), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Comptroller’s’’; and (E) in subsection (s)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of such Act)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘shall require’’ and inserting ‘‘of such Act), the appropriate Federal banking agency shall require’’; and (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘other methods’’ and all that follows through ‘‘deter-mines’’ and inserting ‘‘other methods as the ap-propriate Federal banking agency determines’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘
DETERMINED ’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘may, consistent’’ and inserting ‘‘
DETERMINED BY APPROPRIATE FEDERAL BANK -
ING AGENCY CASE -BY-CASE.—The appropriate Federal banking agency may, consistent’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘capital-to-assets’’ and all that follows through ‘‘determines to be nec-essary’’ and inserting ‘‘capital-to-assets as the appropriate Federal banking agency determines to be necessary’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘agency, may’’ and inserting ‘‘agency may’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the Comptroller’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the appropriate Federal banking agency’’; (2) in section 6(c) (12 U.S.C. 1465(c)), by strik-ing ‘‘sections’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; (3) in section 10 (12 U.S.C. 1467a)— (A) in subsection (b)(6), by striking ‘‘time’’ and all that follows through ‘‘release’’ and in-serting ‘‘time, upon the motion or application of the Board, release’’; (B) in subsection (c)(2)(H)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i)— (I) by striking ‘‘1841(p))’’ and inserting ‘‘1841(p)))’’; and (II) by inserting ‘‘(12 U.S.C. 1843(k))’’ before ‘‘if—’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘of 1956 (12 U.S.C. 1843(l) and (m))’’ after ‘‘Company Act’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(7)(B)(iii)— (i) by striking ‘‘Board of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Of-fice of Thrift Supervision’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, as defined in section 2 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5301)’’ after ‘‘transfer date’’; and (4) in section 13 (12 U.S.C. 1468b), by striking ‘‘the a’’ and inserting ‘‘a’’. (z) HOUSING ACT OF 1948.—Section 502(c)(3) of the Housing Act of 1948 (12 U.S.C. 1701c(c)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘Federal Home Loan Bank Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency’’. (aa) H
OUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT ACT 
OF1968.—Section 106(h)(5) of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968 (12 U.S.C. 1701x(h)(5)) is amended by striking ‘‘authorised’’ and inserting ‘‘authorized’’. (bb) I
NTERNATIONAL BANKING ACT OF 1978.— Section 15 of the International Banking Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3109) is amended— (1) in each of subsections (a) and (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘, and Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision’’ each place that term ap-pears; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘Federal De-posit’’ each place that term appears; (2) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Comptroller, Corporation, or Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Comp-troller of the Currency, or Corporation’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and’’ before ‘‘the Federal Deposit’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, and the Director of the Of-fice of Thrift Supervision’’. (cc) I
NTERNATIONAL LENDING SUPERVISION  A
CT OF 1983.—Section 912 of the International Lending Supervision Act of 1983 (12 U.S.C. 3911) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘EQUAL REPRESENTATION FOR FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORA-TION’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’; (3) by striking subsection (b); and (4) by striking ‘‘4’’ and inserting ‘‘3’’. (dd) I
NTERSTATE LAND SALES FULLDISCLO -
SURE ACT.—The Interstate Land Sales Full Dis-closure Act (15 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.) is amended in each of section 1411(b) (15 U.S.C. 1710(b)) and subsections (b)(4) and (d) of section 1418a (15 U.S.C. 1717a), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Direc-tor’s’’. (ee) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS ACT OF 1940.—Sec- tion 224 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–18c) is amended in the heading of the section by striking ‘‘COMMODITIES’’ and inserting ‘‘COMMODITY’’. (ff) L
EGAL CERTAINTY FOR BANK PRODUCTS  A
CT OF 2000.—Section 403(b)(1) of the Legal Cer-tainty for Bank Products Act of 2000 (7 U.S.C. 27a(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘that section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. (gg) P
UBLIC LAW93–495.—Section 111 of Pub-lic Law 93–495 (12 U.S.C. 250) is amended by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Su-pervision,’’. (hh) R
EVISED STATUTES OF THE UNITED  S
TATES .—Section 5136C(i) of the Revised Stat-utes of the United States (12 U.S.C. 25b(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘P
OWERS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In accordance’’ and inserting ‘‘P
OWERS .—In accordance’’. (ii) R
IEGLE COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT AND  R
EGULATORY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 1994.—Sec- tion 117(e) of the Riegle Community Develop-ment and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994 (12 U.S.C. 4716(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’. (jj) S.A.F.E. M
ORTGAGE LICENSING ACT OF  2008.—Section 1514 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-censing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5113) is amended in each of subsections (b)(5) and (c)(4)(C), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Director’s’’. (kk) SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934.—The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3D(d)(10)(A) (15 U.S.C. 78c– 4(d)(10)(A)), by striking ‘‘taking’’ and inserting ‘‘take’’; (2) in section 3E(b)(1) (15 U.S.C. 78c–5(b)(1)), by striking ‘‘though’’ and inserting ‘‘through’’; (3) in section 4(g)(8)(A) (15 U.S.C. 78d(g)(8)(A)), by striking ‘‘(2)(A)(i)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(2)(A)(ii)’’; (4) in section 15 (15 U.S.C. 78o)— (A) in each of subparagraphs (B)(ii) and (C) of subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘dealer munic-ipal advisor,,’’ and inserting ‘‘dealer, municipal advisor,’’; (B) by redesignating subsection (j) (relating to the authority of the Commission) as subsection (p) and moving that subsection after subsection (o); (C) as amended by section 841(d), by redesig-nating the second subsection (k) and second subsection (l) (relating to standard of conduct and other matters, respectively), as added by section 913(g)(1) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 1828), as subsections (q) and (r), respectively and moving those subsections to the end; and (D) in subsection (m), by inserting ‘‘the’’ be-fore ‘‘same extent’’; (5) in section 15F(h) (15 U.S.C. 78o–10(h))— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘a’’ after ‘‘that acts as an advisor to’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘a’’ after ‘‘offers to enter into’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)(A)(i)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(18)’’; and (ii) in subclause (VII), by striking ‘‘act of’’ and inserting ‘‘Act of’’; (6) in section 15G (15 U.S.C. 78o–11)— (A) in subsection (e)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; (B) in subsection (e)(4)(C)— (i) by striking ‘‘129C(c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘129C(b)(2)(A)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(15 U.S.C. 1639c(b)(2)(A))’’ after ‘‘Lending Act’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(5), by striking ‘‘sub-section’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; and (7) in section 17A (15 U.S.C. 78q–1), by redesig-nating subsection (g), as added by section 929W of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Con-sumer Protection Act (relating to due diligence for the delivery of dividends, interest, and other valuable property rights) as subsection (n) and moving that subsection to the end. (ll) T
ELEMARKETING AND CONSUMER FRAUD  
AND ABUSE PREVENTION ACT.—Section 3(b) of the Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse Prevention Act (15 U.S.C. 6102(b)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, provided, however, noth-ing in this section shall conflict with or super-sede section 6 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. 46)’’. (mm) T
ITLE 5.—Title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 3132(a)(1)(D), as amended by section 711, by striking ‘‘the Office of Thrift Su-pervision,, the Resolution Trust Corporation,’’; and (2) in section 5314, by striking ‘‘Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision.’’. (nn) T
ITLE31.— (1) A
MENDMENTS .—Title 31, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking section 309; and (B) in section 714(d)(3)(B) by striking ‘‘a audit’’ and inserting ‘‘an audit’’. (2) A
NALYSIS .—The analysis for subchapter I of chapter 3 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 309. (oo) T
RUTH IN LENDING ACT.—The Truth in Lending Act (15 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.) is amend-ed— (1) in section 105 (15 U.S.C. 1604), by inserting subsection (h), as added by section 1472(c) of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:10 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4789 June 8, 2017 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (124 Stat. 2187), before subsection (i), as added by section 1100A(7) of that Act (124 Stat. 2108); (2) in section 106(f)(2)(B)(i) (15 U.S.C. 1605(f)(2)(B)(i)), by striking ‘‘103(w)’’ and in-serting ‘‘103(x)’’; (3) in section 121(b) (15 U.S.C. 1631(b)), by striking ‘‘103(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(g)’’; (4) in section 122(d)(5) (15 U.S.C. 1632(d)(5)), by striking ‘‘section 603)’’ and all that follows through ‘‘promulgate’’ and inserting ‘‘section 603), may promulgate’’; (5) in section 125(e)(1) (15 U.S.C. 1635(e)(1)), by striking ‘‘103(w)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(x)’’; (6) in section 129 (15 U.S.C. 1639)— (A) in subsection (q), by striking ‘‘(l)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(p)(2)’’; and (B) in subsection (u)(3), by striking ‘‘Board’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Agency’’; (7) in section 129C (15 U.S.C. 1639c)— (A) in subsection (b)(2)(B), by striking the sec-ond period at the end; and (B) in subsection (c)(1)(B)(ii)(I), by striking ‘‘a original’’ and inserting ‘‘an original’’; (8) in section 148(d) (15 U.S.C. 1665c(d)), by striking ‘‘Bureau’’ and inserting ‘‘Board’’; (9) in section 149 (15 U.S.C. 1665d)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Director of the Office of Thrift Supervision,’’ each place that term ap-pears; (B) by striking ‘‘National Credit Union Ad-ministration Bureau’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘National Credit Union Ad-ministration Board’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Board of Directors of the Federal Deposit Insurance Cor-poration’’; and (10) in section 181(1) (15 U.S.C. 1667(1)), by striking ‘‘103(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘103(h)’’. (pp) T
RUTH IN SAVINGS ACT.—The Truth in Savings Act (12 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.) is amended in each of sections 269(a)(4) (12 U.S.C. 4308(a)(4)), 270(a)(2) (12 U.S.C. 4309(a)(2)), and 274(6) (12 U.S.C. 4313(6)), by striking ‘‘Adminis-tration Bureau’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Administration Board’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and con-trolled by the proponent and an oppo-nent, shall not be subject to amend-ment, and shall not be subject to a de-mand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . HENSARLING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 48, beginning on line 15, strike ‘‘meet-ings of the Council, whether or not open to the public,’’ and insert ‘‘public meetings of the Council’’. Page 48, after line 19, insert the following (and redesignate the subsequent paragraph accordingly): ‘‘(5) T
RANSCRIPTION REQUIREMENT FOR NON - 
PUBLIC MEETINGS .—The Council shall create and preserve transcripts for all non-public meetings of the Council.’’. Amend section 361 to read as follows: SEC. 361. BRINGING THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT IN-SURANCE CORPORATION INTO THE APPROPRIATIONS PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10(a) of the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) The’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) P
OWERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘, subject to paragraph (2),’’ after ‘‘The Board of Directors of the Corporation’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATIONS REQUIREMENT .—Ex- cept as provided under paragraph (3), the Corporation may, only to the extent as pro-vided in advance by appropriations Acts, cover the costs incurred in carrying out the provisions of this Act, including with respect to the administrative costs of the Corpora-tion and the costs of the examination and su-pervision of insured depository institutions. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PROGRAMS .— Paragraph (2) shall not apply to the Corpora-tion’s Insurance Business Line Programs and Receivership Management Business Line Programs, as in existence on the date of en-actment of this paragraph, and the propor-tion of the administrative costs of the Cor-poration related to such programs.’’. (b) E
XAMINATION FEES.—Section 10(e)(1) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1820(e)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘to meet the expenses of the Corporation in carrying out such examinations’’ and inserting ‘‘and may be expended by the Board only to the extent as provided in advance by appropria-tions Acts to cover the costs incurred in car-rying out such examinations’’. (c) O
FFSET OF ADDITIONAL FEES.—The Fed- eral Deposit Insurance Corporation shall re-duce the amount of insurance premiums charged by the Corporation under the Fed-eral Deposit Insurance Act in an amount equal to any additional fees charged by the Corporation by reason of the amendments made by this section. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and fees collected on or after October 1, 2017. Amend section 363 to read as follows: 
SEC. 363. BRINGING THE EXAMINATION AND SU-PERVISION FUNCTIONS OF THE NA-TIONAL CREDIT UNION ADMINIS-TRATION INTO THE APPROPRIA-TIONS PROCESS. 
(a) O PERATING FEES.—Section 105(d) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1755(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) All’’; (2) by striking ‘‘for the account of the Ad-ministration and may be expended by the Board to defray the expenses incurred in car-rying out the provisions of this Act includ-ing the examination and supervision of Fed-eral credit unions’’ and inserting ‘‘and may be expended by the Board only to the extent as provided in advance by appropriations Acts, to cover the costs incurred in carrying out the provisions of this Act with respect to the costs of the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions and the proportion of the administrative costs of the Board re-lated to the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2)(A) The Board may only use amounts in the NCUA Operating Fund to the extent as provided in advance by appropriations Acts, including to pay for the costs incurred by the Board in carrying out the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions and the proportion of the administrative costs of the Board related to the examination and su-pervision of Federal credit unions. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the Board’s activities carried out pursuant to title II.’’. (b) STAFF FUNDING .—Section 120(j)(3) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1766(j)(3)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘related to the examina-tion and supervision of Federal credit unions under this Act and the proportion of the ad-ministrative costs of the Board related to the examination and supervision of Federal credit unions under this Act’’ before ‘‘shall be paid’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘insured credit unions under this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal cred-it unions under this title, only to the extent as provided in advance by appropriations Acts’’. (c) U
SE OF DEPOSIT FUNDS .—Section 202(c)(1)(B)(iv) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1782(c)(1)(B)(iv)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The’’ and inserting ‘‘To the extent provided for in advance by appro-priations Acts, the’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This clause shall not apply to the Board’s activities carried out pursuant to this title.’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to expenses paid and fees collected on or after October 1, 2017. Page 297, line 18, strike ‘‘Council’’ and in-sert ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury’’. Page 326, line 6, strike ‘‘A’’ and insert ‘‘P’’. Page 327, line 9, strike ‘‘B’’ and insert ‘‘Q’’. Page 329, line 3, strike ‘‘C’’ and insert ‘‘R’’. Page 330, line 5, strike ‘‘D’’ and insert ‘‘S’’. Page 370, beginning on line 24, strike ‘‘D
EADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the’’ and insert ‘‘A
PPOINTMENT .— The’’. Page 527, line 2, strike ‘‘Independent Mem-ber’’ and insert ‘‘President’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 375, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that is purely technical in nature that addresses a few discrete issues in the amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute. Specifically, it clarifies the noninsur-ance-related functions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the National Credit Union Administration subject to congressional appropria-tions. This amendment will not—not—af-fect the ability of the NCUA to deter-mine the appropriate allocation of ex-penses between their insurance and other functions for purpose of their overall funding, but it will, for the first time, give Congress the power of the purse—our constitutional power of the purse—over many of the FDIC and NCUA’s operating expenses. Additionally, the amendment revises the vesting of the appointment power for certain positions and clarifies con-gressional access to nonpublic meet-ings of the Financial Stability Over-sight Council. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.003 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4790 June 8, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment and to sup-port the underlying bill. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amend-ment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment, which was filed late, should be viewed as the first admission by the Republicans that H.R. 10 would be bad for our financial markets and our economy. The amendment recognizes that it would be inappropriate for Members of Congress to attend nonpublic meetings of the council charged with reviewing sensitive financial information and dis-cussing potential threats to our econ-omy. I agree with the sponsor that this was one of many harmful provisions in the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. Here are a few more: the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act eliminates the Office of Financial Research, which is tasked with studying emerging risks to our economy and informing the Financial Stability Oversight Council. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act stops the council from taking actions to prevent firms like AIG from threatening our econ-omy. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act allows banks to choose the regulatory system that best suits their bottom line, even if doing so is bad for the economy and taxpayers. Mr. Chairman, the amendment also recognizes the dangers of subjecting our independent financial regulators to the partisan appropriations process, by restoring the Federal Deposit Insur-ance Corporation’s and the National Credit Union Administration’s inde-pendent funding when it comes to their responsibilities for unwinding failed banks and credit unions. I agree, this is important, but do you know what is also important and need-ing to be independent? The authority to supervise those en-tities before they fail. The bank and credit union regu-lators, including the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau, have important yet sensitive responsibilities to make sure that financial institutions follow rules that are good for the economy, good for consumers, but which some in-stitutions would rather ignore. Subjecting these decisions to the ap-propriations process will result in fewer cops on the beat, weaker guard-rails, and a greater likelihood of finan-cial catastrophe. We have seen this happen before. One of the reasons for the failure of the housing giants, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, was that they had a woe-fully underfunded regulator without independent funding. Democrats fixed this when we cre-ated the independently funded Federal Housing Finance Agency in 2008. Since then, this agency has successfully made tough decisions to right both GSEs by putting them into con-servatorship and cleaning up their businesses. Ignoring this success and history, H.R. 10 would once again strip away the independent funding of the GSE’s regulator, as it would for all of the fi-nancial regulators. I am pleased that this amendment has recognized the problems taking away independent funding for our regu-lators, but, unfortunately, it doesn’t go far enough. I oppose this amendment and I urge my colleagues to reject it and the entire ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. D
AVIDSON ). Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and the work of the committee for doing the work of the American people. Prior to coming to Congress, as a small-business owner and small-busi-ness leader, I was feeling the pain of the Dodd-Frank Act, wondering wheth-er anyone in Washington, D.C., was lis-tening. Now that I have had the oppor-tunity to serve just this 1 year now in Congress, I have gone around the dis-trict. I have gone around and talked to businessowners, to farmers, and to community bankers who have been suf-fering under this law. One of the things that hasn’t been talked about is how the Dodd-Frank Act has harmed the SEC, how it has de-prived people of due process. All but the wealthiest Americans are trapped in a system where the SEC has quasi- judicial hearings using administrative law judges. They have a 90 percent win rate because they have all the keys. They can block discretion, they can block discovery, and they can limit the facts and limit the debate. So one of the good things that the Dodd-Frank reform—known as the CHOICE Act—accomplishes is ending this process so that people do have the right to due process in our courts. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 10 and to end the abuses of the previous era. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, the late poet Maya Angelou had a saying: ‘‘When people show you who they real-ly are, believe them.’’ So when the chief lobbyist for the American Bankers Association leads a pep rally before 1,500 bankers, we should pay attention. He probably means what he is saying. In March, he told ABA members about all the opportunities for banking with a Republican Congress, he crowed: ‘‘I don’t want a seat at the table. I want the table.’’ If we read this bill, we know what it looks like to give the financial services sector the whole table. We know they want the whole table. H.R. 10 is clever at undermining fi-nancial regulators, emboldening Wall Street, and making it incredibly easy to delay regulators at every step of the rulemaking process. It is important for the people of America to understand that when Re-publicans say they want to kill regula-tions, usually what they are talking about is safety regulations, regulations that make the water clean, the meat safe, and that financial product that you just bought not blow up in your face. They don’t like regulations be-cause regulations mean that the people who control some of these products can’t just do whatever they want to do. But for the people in the United States, you should know that financial regulators are going to keep money in your pocket, they are going to stop people with way more resources than you have from picking your pocket. That is why we oppose this amend-ment. I think it is particularly impor-tant for people to realize that the rhet-oric that we use denigrating regulation all the time is the same regulation that protects us, and that includes in the financial services sector. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 15 seconds remain-ing. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Texas has 3 minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I know that my friend and colleague from the other side of the aisle spoke about rhetoric. Unfor-tunately, that is pretty well all we have heard from my friends on the other side of the aisle. I am absolutely fascinated, Mr. Chairman, how often Members on the other side of the aisle say: I care so much about community banks; I care so much about small business. But, Mr. Chairman, do you know how many amendments that they filed on H.R. 10? Let me count them. Zero. Zero amendments. Where is their bill to help small banks? Where is their bill to help cred-it unions? They don’t have one, and they didn’t offer any amendments, so that is all we hear. We hear the rhetoric about Wall Street, Mr. Chairman, but it is fas-cinating to me—don’t take my word for it, but according to The Washington Post, The New York Times, and The Wall Street Journal, three of the larg-est publications in our country, they all say the same thing: Large, Wall Street banks support Dodd-Frank, and they oppose the Financial CHOICE Act. Now, why do they do that? Maybe it is because my friends on the other side of the aisle are only all too happy to preserve Wall Street bailouts. They wrote it into the law. They codi-fied it into the law; and then they took 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.052 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4791 June 8, 2017 
the rest of us and created this thing called the orderly liquidation author-ity, which is nothing more than a tax-payer-funded bailout system. Trillions of dollars can be taken from taxpayers to bail out large banks. And they de-fend it. No wonder the large banks, seemingly, are satisfied with the Dodd- Frank Act. But who supports the Financial CHOICE Act? The credit unions support it and the community banks support it because they are suffering and dying under the weight of the load of the Dodd-Frank Act. Again, if we want to get this econ-omy moving again, if we want to en-sure that our hardworking constituents finally get the pay increase they de-serve, that they finally get the future that they deserve, we must reject Dodd-Frank, and we must support not only this amendment, but the under-lying Financial CHOICE Act. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be post-poned. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
HOLLINGSWORTH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair-man, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title IV, insert the following: Subtitle X—Modernized Offering and Proxy Rules for Closed-End Funds 
SEC. 499A. PARITY FOR CLOSED-END COMPANIES REGARDING OFFERING AND PROXY RULES. 
(a) R EVISION TO RULES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Securities and Exchange Commission shall revise any rules to the extent necessary to allow any closed-end company, as defined in section 5(a)(2) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-5), that is registered as an investment company under such Act to use the securities offering and proxy rules that are available to other issuers that are required to file reports under section 13 or section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m; 78o(d)). Any action that the Commission takes pursuant to this subsection shall include the following: (1) The Commission shall revise section 230.405 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to— (A) remove the exclusion of a registered closed-end company from the definition of a well-known seasoned issuer provided by that section; and (B) add registration statements filed on Form N–2 to the definition of automatic shelf registration statement provided by that section. (2) The Commission shall revise sections 230.168 and 230.169 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to remove the exclusion of a registered closed-end company from the list of issuers that can use the exemptions pro-vided by those sections. (3) The Commission shall revise sections 230.163 and 230.163A of title 17, Code of Fed-eral Regulations, to remove a registered closed-end company from the list of issuers that are ineligible to use the exemptions pro-vided by those sections. (4) The Commission shall revise section 230.134 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to remove the exclusion of a registered closed-end company from that section. (5) The Commission shall revise sections 230.138 and 230.139 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to specifically include any reg-istered closed-end company as an issuer to which those sections apply. (6) The Commission shall revise section 230.164 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to remove a registered closed-end com-pany from the list of issuers that are ex-cluded from that section. (7) The Commission shall revise section 230.433, of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to specifically include any registered closed-end company that is a well-known seasoned issuer as an issuer to which that section applies. (8) The Commission shall revise section 230.415 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to— (A) state that the registration for securi-ties provided by that section includes securi-ties registered by any registered closed-end company on Form N–2; and (B) eliminate the requirement that a Form N–2 registrant must furnish the under-takings required by item 34.4 of Form N–2. (9) The Commission shall revise section 230.497 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to include a process for any registered closed-end company to file a form of pro-spectus that is parallel to the process for fil-ing a form of prospectus under section 230.424(b) of such title. (10) The Commission shall revise sections 230.172 and 230.173 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to remove the exclusion of an offering of any registered closed-end com-pany from those sections. (11) The Commission shall revise section 230.418 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to provide that any registered closed- end company that would otherwise meet the eligibility requirements of General Instruc-tion I.A of Form S–3 shall be exempt from paragraph (a)(3) of that section. (12) The Commission shall revise section 240.14a–101 of title 17, Code of Federal Regu-lations, to provide that any registered closed-end company that would otherwise meet the requirements of General Instruc-tion I.A of Form S–3 shall be deemed to meet the requirements of Form S–3 for purposes of Schedule 14A. (13) The Commission shall revise section 243.103 of title 17, Code of Federal Regula-tions, to provide that paragraph (a) of that section applies for purposes of Form N–2. (b) R
EVISIONS TO FORMN–2.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall revise Form N–2 to— (1) include an item or instruction that is similar to item 12 on Form S–3 to provide that any registered closed-end company that would otherwise meet the requirements of Form S–3 shall incorporate by reference its reports and documents filed under the Secu-rities Exchange Act of 1934 into its registra-tion statement filed on Form N–2; and (2) include an item or instruction that is similar to the instruction regarding auto-matic shelf offerings by well-known seasoned issuers on Form S–3 to provide that any reg-istered closed-end company that is a well- known seasoned issuer may file automatic shelf offerings on Form N–2. (c) TREATMENT IF REVISIONS NOTCOM-
PLETED IN A TIMELY MANNER .—If the Com-mission fails to complete the revisions re-quired by subsections (a) and (b) by the time required by such subsections, any registered closed-end company shall be entitled to treat such revisions as having been completed in accordance with the actions required to be taken by the Commission by such sub-sections until such time as such revisions are completed by the Commission. (d) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) N
O EFFECT ON RULE 482.—(1) Nothing in this section or the amendments made by this section shall be construed to impair or limit in any way a registered closed-end company from using section 230.482 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to distribute sales ma-terial. (2) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in this sec-tion to a section of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or to any form or schedule means such rule, section, form, or schedule, or any successor to any such rule, section, form, or schedule. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 375, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair-man, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I would like to com-mend the chairman of the Financial Services Committee for his hard work, and the entire Financial Services Com-mittee for all the effort they have un-dertaken in today’s debate of the Fi-nancial CHOICE Act. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of my amendment to the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. This amendment would allow for certain closed-end funds to be considered well-known seasoned issuers. Ultimately, the proposed amendment is built upon the foundation of low-ering costs and increasing access for investors by allowing companies that meet certain criteria to have the same equivalence as bigger companies that also have access to capital markets by making them available to those fast lanes that allow them to issue shares. In 2005, the SEC put in place signifi-cant reforms that sought to modernize registration, communication, and of-fering processes for traditional oper-ating companies. These reforms were designed to streamline the registration process, especially those for large re-porting issuers or well-known seasoned issuers. Unfortunately, the SEC ex-cluded registered closed-end funds from those reforms. A closed-end fund is nothing more than a pooled investment fund with a fixed number of shares that is struc-tured, listed, and traded just like a stock on the stock exchange. Closed- end funds are crucial to retirement 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.053 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4792 June 8, 2017 
savings and investment vehicles that many retail investors use. About 3 mil-lion mom-and-pop investors rely on closed-end funds to meet their invest-ment needs. These funds serve as a long-term source of capital, which, in turn, promotes job creation—some-thing we can all agree needs to happen more in this country. Closed-end funds, though, are cur-rently under attack by unfair onerous filing and offering regulations. This commonsense amendment would pro-vide parity for these certain closed-end funds by streamlining their registra-tion process, offering and communica-tions processes that are currently available to other publicly traded com-panies. This unfair exclusion of closed- end funds has created an unlevel play-ing field. Giving qualifying closed-end funds the ability to enjoy well-known sea-soned issuer status would help those funds better evaluate and assess the market for their offerings and would enable them to more quickly access capital markets. Those closed-end funds, an important vehicle for retail investors, would allow them to get cap-ital to more job creators. There has been a steady decline in the number of closed-end funds and the number of new closed-end funds offer-ings because of this unlevel playing field. Since 2007, the number of closed- end funds has dropped by 20 percent. b1500 In 2007, there were 42 new closed-end fund issuances; in 2016, there were only 8. That is an 81 percent decline. What we can all agree on is that Americans need access to capital. They need access to the capital markets that will provide them the capital to thrive as they have created new products. Re-tail investors also need access to those investments in order to meet their par-ticular needs. These closed-end funds should not have been hamstrung in their ability to access the advantages afforded to oper-ating companies. It is time we provide parity in this marketplace by leveling the playing field. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amend-ment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, the Hol-lingsworth amendment seeks to insert a totally new and unvetted set of ex-emptions from the security laws for closed-end funds. These are the type of pooled investment vehicles that typi-cally issue a fixed number of shares that, unlike mutual funds, are not re-deemable on a daily basis by the fund, making them harder for investors to sell. The Financial Services Committee has had no hearings, no markups, no debate on these issues until now. Per-haps that is why the amendment has been mislabeled as only benefiting closed-end funds traded on an exchange with well-known seasoned issuer sta-tus. In fact, the amendment is much broader, as it would allow even illiquid, nontraded funds to claim multiple ex-emptions. This effort would make it harder for the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, to police these products for investors. This last-minute, partisan approach is not the way that Congress should proceed in making laws, but it is con-sistent with this bill. Although Demo-crats conducted 41 hearings to develop Dodd-Frank, Republicans planned only 1 hearing on this bill. It is not sur-prising, then, that the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act is a 600-page bill chock- full of bad partisan ideas and special interest wish lists that will harm our Nation’s investors, consumers, and tax-payers. For example, the bill would severely undermine the ability of the SEC, our Wall Street cop on the beat, to protect investors and hold bad actors account-able. Specifically, it would remove val-uable law enforcement tools, burden the SEC with onerous cost-benefit analysis, and generate more and more endless litigation, tying the agency up. Worse, the bill repeals the Depart-ment of Labor’s fiduciary rule and ef-fectively prevents the DOL or the SEC from ever moving forward to protect our Nation’s investors and seniors from conflicted advice by unscrupulous fi-nancial advisers. I will say, most financial advisers are not unscrupulous, but for the ones that are, there needs to be authority in the law to stop them. We need the fidu-ciary rule. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act takes it away. But this should come as no surprise, since the Republicans in Congress have been relentless in their opposition to the DOL’s commonsense requirement that financial advisers put their cli-ents’ interests ahead of their own when providing investment advice about re-tirement products. Their extreme partisan efforts to kill the fiduciary rule ignore the facts that 9 in 10 Americans reportedly agree with the rule. An overwhelming majority— 65 percent—of Americans who voted for President Trump appear to support the regulation. Tellingly, just last week, after robust bipartisan debate, the Republican Gov-ernor of Nevada signed into law a bill requiring financial advisers to act in their clients’ best interests. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act continues this partisan slant by also rolling back bipartisan efforts from this and past Congresses to craft legislation that helps grow small business and protect investors. Mr. Chair, we owe it to our constitu-ents and the American people to work together to address real problems with real solutions that are thoroughly vet-ted. For that reason, I must oppose this bill and this amendment. I will add, my colleague on other side of the aisle, Mr. Chairman, said: Where is our bill? That would be Dodd-Frank. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair-man, may I inquire how much time I have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Indiana has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. H
UIZENGA ), the subcommittee chair. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I support this amendment offered by Congress-man H
OLLINGSWORTH , who is a great member of our committee. But folks watching this, you have to understand what is going on. You just heard about how we are trying to roll back things, roll back bipartisan con-sensus. We have bipartisan consensus on this. This very issue was in a bill that was proposed by current OMB Director Mick Mulvaney. In fact, when it came out of committee, there were 4 ‘‘no’’ votes against it. The ranking member herself voted for this very issue in a Business Development Corporation bill, a BDC bill, that had been spon-sored the last Congress. In addition, the omnibus bill that had passed had this very provision in it as well. So what you are seeing is hypocrisy, at best. Gamesmanship and politics really is probably what is going on. This amendment builds upon a bipar-tisan provision in the CHOICE Act that directs the SEC to do something that had been an oversight. It is stream-lining these securities-offering provi-sions. I know it is complicated and very es-oteric, but these well-known, seasoned issuers, or WKSIs as they are known, really have been a secure and safe way of investing for Joe and Janet retire-ment investor. That is what I like to the call them. It is my mom and dad and your mom and dad, us, and our brothers and sisters. It is retail inves-tors. What this amendment does is con-forms the filing and offering regula-tions for closed-end funds to those tra-ditional operating companies. With that, I offer my support and en-courage support. Let’s stop the hypoc-risy and politics. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Chair, I would just build on that to say that every WKSI goes through the SEC re-view and comment period. What we are doing here is removing the duplicative SEC review and com-ment period, which only serves to delay capital getting out to businesses, which only serves to add cost to retail investors that use these pools. So I support the amendment, and I support the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, we have discussed business development 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.055 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4793 June 8, 2017 
funds. We have not talked about closed-end funds in committee. This amendment introduces a new idea which has not been debated. For that reason alone, we should vote it down. We have got to have regular order around here. This is a complicated issue. All the avenues and all the dif-ferent perspectives that need to be brought to bear should be done in com-mittee, not right here. Mr. Chairman, for those reasons alone, I would ask for a strong ‘‘no’’ vote on this particular amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OLLINGS -
WORTH ). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SMUCKER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Add at the end of title V the following new subtitle: Subtitle T—Protection of Consumer Informa-tion by Consumer Reporting Agencies 
SEC. 596. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATED TO PRO-TECTION OF CONSUMER INFORMA-TION BY CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the sense of the Con-gress that consumer reporting agencies and subsidiaries of consumer reporting agencies should, when providing access to consumers to the information contained in the file of the consumer maintained by the consumer reporting agency, use strong multi-factor au-thentication procedures to verify the iden-tity of consumers. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion, the terms ‘‘consumer’’, ‘‘consumer re-porting agency’’, and ‘‘file’’ have the mean-ings given those terms in section 603 of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681a). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 375, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Chairman, I start by thanking Chairman H
EN-
SARLING and the committee and the staff for all the hard work that they have done on this very important bill. Mr. Chairman, protecting the per-sonal information of Americans is crit-ical to maintaining financial stability. Many of our families, friends, neigh-bors, and constituents have suffered from the threat of their personal infor-mation. While private industry works hard to implement strong protections for our online information, I believe that Congress has the responsibility to stay informed on the threats facing constituents in order to help protect those we represent from identity theft and IRS fraud. As you are aware, over the past few years, consumer reporting agencies have experienced numerous breaches of information. High-profile data breaches occurred in 2017, 2015, 2013, and 2011, among others. A recent cyber attack on a CRA sub-sidiary allowed thieves to access tax-payer W–2s, giving them the ability to file fraudulent tax returns. Another at-tack exposed the Social Security num-bers of an estimated 200 million Ameri-cans. Protecting consumers and the con-stituents I serve in Pennsylvania’s 16th District is my duty in Congress, and this includes cyber activity. In 2015, the IRS paid out $5.8 billion in fraudulent refunds to identity thieves. While it is important to clarify that that is not attributable fully to the hacks that I have already ref-erenced, we should work to improve consumer protections and help stop the wasteful abuse of taxpayer dollars. Our constituents rely on consumer reporting agencies to monitor their credit for theft or nefarious activities. My amendment simply encourages these agencies collecting our highly sensitive financial information to do everything they deem feasible to ade-quately protect our constituents from identity fraud that can wreak havoc on their financial stability and personal matters. CRAs collect large amounts of per-sonal, confidential data. The facts show these companies are under con-stant attack by cyber thieves. There-fore, this language merely encourages them to use the strongest protection for consumer data. H.R. 10 takes critical steps to im-proving our consumer protections while improving our economic and reg-ulatory environment. My amendment is about signaling our shared desire to protect our constituents and their data. Again, I would like to thank Chair-man HENSARLING for his work on this bill and for his support of this amend-ment, and I urge my colleagues to sup-port this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I be-lieve that there might be some merit to this amendment, but I still claim time in opposition. Because it wasn’t brought up in com-mittee, I think that there is a lot of hashing out of this particular amend-ment that could have happened and we might have been able to agree, but at this point in the process I have to claim time in opposition and I will ex-plain why. I will say that, if we can work on it later, we will see what hap-pens, but as now for now, we are urging a strong ‘‘no.’’ I think the amendment is well-inten-tioned because it purports to address the growing problem of identity theft, something we all need to be concerned about. However, I am concerned that it may make it harder for some con-sumers who want to obtain their own reports, particularly those using the website annualcreditreport.com, to ac-cess their free annual consumer reports from nationwide credit reporting agen-cies, or CRAs. Also, the amendment purports to combat identity theft, but solely fo-cuses on tougher authentication re-quirements for consumers who want to access their own files, not on all users who have access to consumer reports like landlords or employers. I think that is a weakness. The website annualcreditreport.com and reports maintained by the big three require consumers to provide per-sonally identifiable information and to successfully answer several questions about information on the consumer files before giving them access to re-ports online. In a 2017 report, the Consumer Bu-reau noted that credit reporting com-plaints are consistently among the top three types of consumer complaints it handles. When consumers are denied online access, they have to mail copies of sensitive identifying documents in order to obtain their reports, which consumers note is time consuming as well as potentially not secure. This amendment could make that situation even worse. I also find it a little confusing that the House is considering this amend-ment to a bill that will hamstring the only Federal agency, the Consumer Bu-reau, that has rulemaking, super-visory, and enforcement authority over most consumer reporting agencies and has actually addressed many credit re-porting problems. If Members support this amendment, then it simply does not make sense to me for the same Members to support H.R. 10, which will gut the Consumer Bureau’s capacity to effectively ad-dress problems like identity theft. Before Dodd-Frank, the Federal Trade Commission was the only Fed-eral agency with enforcement author-ity over the CRAs, but there was no en-tity with supervising authority. Dodd- Frank closed that gap by giving the Consumer Bureau the supervisory power to monitor CRAs’ operations. Just this year, through the good work of the Consumer Bureau’s exam-iners, the Consumer Bureau issued en-forcement orders against all of the big three CRAs for misleading practices that harm consumers. I urge colleagues to oppose the amendment and reject the ‘‘Wrong’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:34 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.058 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4794 June 8, 2017 
CHOICE Act. I hope next time we can talk about this legislation before it gets to the floor. That would be better and more proper. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. L
UETKEMEYER ). Mr. LUETKEMEYER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, it is not my intent today to oppose the amendment; however, I do want to express my reservations over the amendment from the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania. I think it is important that we set the record straight on a few points. The credit reporting agencies are not required to adhere to any sort of thor-ough data security standard. Unlike many other industries, the financial services industry has had Federal secu-rity requirements in place for nearly 20 years. b1515 The amendment sponsor’s press re-lease last week said credit reporting agencies do not have any Federal re-quirements for cybersecurity practices. That is news to the House Banking Services Committee, which has au-thored some of those requirements. So it simply isn’t the case. Credit reporting agencies are re-quired to adhere to numerous data and consumer protection laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, along with several Federal rules and standards on data security. I have some concerns that Congress should not be in the business of dic-tating specific security methodologies. The multifactor authentication proce-dures specified in the gentleman’s amendment could be right sometimes, even many times, but circumstances, innovation, and the passage of time may indicate otherwise. As chairman of the Financial Serv-ices Subcommittee on Financial Insti-tutions, we want to spend some time on trying to look at this issue and hope that the gentleman works with our committee. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I would like to talk about an issue somewhat related that is critical in this debate and would go a long way toward im-proving our economy and the chances of consumers. I have a bill, H.R. 435, the Credit Ac-cess and Inclusion Act. My amendment would help solve problems the Finan-cial Services Committee has been dis-cussing for more than a decade. This is not an amendment that I have sub-mitted for disposition today, but I would like to bring to the attention of the body that this Credit Access and Inclusion Act was good legislation and should be taken up. It would address a problem of access to credit that the leader of this bill says he wants to solve. My bill would allow utility, telecom, public and Section 8 housing residents to build a credit score without debt. It provides affirmative permission for utility, telecom, and housing providers to report on-time payment information to credit reporting agencies. I have introduced this bill in four consecutive Congresses. I introduced this bill with Mr. PITTENGER as a lead. It has the support of many members of the committee, including Representa-tives M
ALONEY , DUFFY , GREEN , STIV-
ERS, MEEKS , LOVE, CAPUANO , and more, a truly bipartisan piece of legislation. Why am I committed to passing the bill? Because 1 in 10 Americans do not have a credit score. These 26 million people are credit invisible, and they can have trouble getting an apartment and might pay more for insurance, and they will have a very hard time quali-fying for a loan to buy a car or a home. Another 19 million are not scorable be-cause there is too little information in their files. One in four African Ameri-cans and one in four Latinos are credit invisible and not scorable. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ). Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman from Pennsyl-vania for yielding me the time, and I thank him for his leadership. Indeed, the whole issue of data secu-rity is so vital to our constituents, so many of them have been victimized by identity theft. So I appreciate his lead-ership on this issue, and I know that Chairman L
UETKEMEYER in our com-mittee will be leading on this issue. I support this underlying amendment. I do have some outstanding questions on what type of multifactor authen-tication would be required. I want to ensure that we do not specify the tech-nology, that this is a sense of Congress provision. But I look forward to work-ing very closely with Congressman S
MUCKER to refine the concept as it goes forward, and I thank him for his leadership. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Chair, I thank both chairmen. This does not, obviously, replace any work that they are doing. This is a very, very important issue. This is a sense of Congress simply saying that we are very concerned about the secu-rity of the data of our constituents, and we are asking that to be looked at. But certainly there is a lot of work to be done, and I look forward to working with both the chairmen on this issue. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . FASO  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: Add at the end of title V the following new subtitle: Subtitle T—Dividend Waiver Authority for Mutual Holding Companies 
SEC. 596. DIVIDEND WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR MU-TUAL HOLDING COMPANIES. 
Section 10(o)(11) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1467a(o)(11)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in clause (i), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (C) by striking clause (iii); (2) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) V
ALUATION .—The appropriate Federal banking agency may not consider waived dividends in determining an appropriate ex-change ratio in the event of a full conversion to stock form.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to author-ize the appropriate Federal banking agency to require a vote of members of a mutual holding company to approve one or more div-idend waivers or to place any additional re-strictions on dividend waivers by mutual holding companies that are inconsistent with or exceed the requirements set forth in this paragraph.’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 375, the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chair, I rise today to express my support for the Financial CHOICE Act, to express my appreciation to Chair-man H
ENSARLING and the committee for all their fine work, and to offer an amendment that will help small com-munity banks, organized as mutual holding companies, attract investors and maintain longevity in commu-nities across America and in upstate New York, which I represent. Seven years since its enactment, it has become glaringly apparent that Dodd-Frank has worked to advantage big banks on Wall Street; but for many of my constituents, the most detri-mental aspects of Dodd-Frank to up-state New York aren’t necessarily what is going on on Wall Street but, rather, the damage it has inflicted upon small community banks and Main Street. As has been highlighted here today, the U.S. is losing community banks at a rate of one per day. These dis-appearing institutions are neighbor-hood banks that are willing to make loans to families for mortgages or home equity, to small businesses to cover payroll and investment, invest-ing in our communities, sponsoring our kids’ baseball teams, and under-standing the core principles of the communities that they serve. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.061 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4795 June 8, 2017 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment is quite simple. It seeks to help all com-munity banks that elect to raise cap-ital through a mutual holding com-pany, or an MHC, charter. Dodd-Frank and the implementing Federal Reserve regulations came down hard on these mutual holding compa-nies, putting onerous, expensive regu-lations on these mutual holding com-panies just for them to waive the re-ceipts of dividends, a practice which was common pre-Dodd-Frank, and it worked very well. In New York State, banks such as the Bank of Greene County, NorthEast Community Bank, Lake Shore Savings Bank, and many others throughout the Empire State and throughout the coun-try have been burdened by Dodd- Frank’s nonsensical dividend waiver rules. My amendment cuts the red tape, restores the dividend waiver proc-ess to what it was prior to Dodd-Frank, and frees up capital to be reinvested in our communities. I ask my colleagues to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is another example of Re-publicans choosing to prioritize the in-terests of corporate insiders over con-sumers, which is what the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act really symbolizes. We should not prevent regulators from ad-dressing potential conflicts of interest but, instead, let all shareholders have their voice be heard. While Democrats stand ready to work on targeted reforms to help re-sponsible community banks and credit unions, we will reject any ideological legislation that puts our financial sys-tem and economy at risk of another crash and that gives a leg up to Wall Street and predatory lenders to rip off consumers all over again. Republicans like to pretend that Wall Street reform destroyed our financial system and economy, but the alter-native facts have no basis in reality. Thanks to Wall Street reform and other Democratic policies, our econ-omy has made significant gains since the depths of the financial crisis. Since Dodd-Frank became law, we have set a record, with 86 consecutive months of private sector job growth, during which the economy created more than 16 million private sector jobs. Let me assure you, much more work needs to be done, but this record is important and must be noted. Financial institutions are thriving since the passage of Dodd-Frank. Ac-cording to the FDIC, banks are posting record profits since the crisis. Profits for community banks increased more than 10 percent in the past year. In 2010, the banking industry set an all- time record with $171 billion in profits. Business lending has increased 75 per-cent since Dodd-Frank became law. Credit union membership has expanded by more than 16 million members since 2010, an increase of 18 percent. This has happened in part because we have a system that is fairer, because bad actors are held accountable. The highly successful Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was established and has returned nearly $12 billion to 29 million consumers who were ripped off by unfair, deceptive, and abusive prac-tices of bad actors. This tough con-sumer enforcement approach has put the entire financial industry on notice to follow the law and treat their con-sumers fairly or suffer the con-sequences. So the economy is doing well, finan-cial institutions are doing well, and consumers are finally being protected. The last thing we should do is go back to a failed, weak regulatory model that gave us bank bailouts and the Great Recession. But that is what the Repub-licans are offering the American people with this bill. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chair, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 3 minutes remain-ing. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chair, I have listened to the statement of the gentleman from Minnesota, and I have to say I am reminded of what former Senator Moy-nihan said about we are all entitled to our own opinion, but not our own facts, and here are the facts. The banks that are organized as mu-tual holding companies organize that way. They are owned by their deposi-tors, and they have also been able to sell publicly traded stock, but they keep a majority position in the mutual holding company. Why? Because they want to maintain the community in-volvement. They want to maintain the community ownership and not have their bank taken over by a distanced series of investors. That is what is ex-actly happening with the Bank of Greene County, for instance, in my dis-trict. The Bank of Greene County, as a mu-tual holding company, they own 55 per-cent of the bank. So it is owned by the depositors, the public shareholders, 45 percent; but because of Dodd-Frank and because of the change in the regu-latory process that was eliminated in Dodd-Frank, every time the mutual holding company has dividends, annu-ally, to waive, they must send a notice to every depositor. A depositor who might have $5 in the account or $50,000, they have to mail a notice to them. It costs them $150,000 a year that is sim-ply wasted, and that money can’t be re-invested in our community. Mr. Chair, I regret that the minority is misrepresenting what we are trying to do here. We are defending the inter-ests of small community banks orga-nized as mutual holding companies that want to keep their ownership of their bank local. In fact, the bank that I am talking about, they don’t even securitize their mortgages. They un-derwrite and they keep all their mort-gages locally in their portfolio. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. P
ELOSI ), the minority leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I thank Mr. E
LLISON and our ranking member, Con-gresswoman W
ATERS , for their great leadership on behalf of American con-sumers, American investors, and Amer-ican taxpayers. I rise in opposition to the amend-ment and to the bill. Mr. Chair, today House Republicans are pushing a dangerous Wall Street first bill that would drag us right back to the days of the Great Recession. Eight years ago, unchecked reckless-ness on Wall Street ignited a financial meltdown that devastated families in every State in the Union: hundreds of thousands of people lost their jobs every month, and the unemployment rate soared to 10 percent; more than 11 million Americans lost their homes through foreclosure; $13 trillion in wealth, including families’ hard-earned retirement savings and college savings, was destroyed. On the night of Thursday, September 18, 2008, the Treasury Secretary came to the Capitol for an emergency meet-ing with congressional leaders, Demo-crats and Republicans from the House and the Senate, to inform us of the fi-nancial meltdown. Secretary Paulson described the financial meltdown, which was horrific. When I asked the Chairman of the Federal Reserve, Mr. Bernanke, what he thought of what he was telling us, Chairman Bernanke told us that, if we did not act imme-diately, we would not have an economy by Monday. We would not have an economy by Monday. Tens of millions of middle class fami-lies across America still bear the scars. You saw on the right the rise of the Tea Party, on the left, Occupy Wall Street. The Democratic Congress vowed that Main Street taxpayers must never again pay the price for the recklessness of some on Wall Street. I don’t paint everybody there with the same brush, but many on Wall Street, the preda-tory lenders and profiteers, had abused American families for far too long. With Dodd-Frank, Democrats en-acted the strongest Wall Street con-sumer financial protections in history, critical reforms to protect hard-working Americans and to insist on ac-countability from Wall Street. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.064 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4796 June 8, 2017 
b1530 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau that the law created has re-turned nearly $12 billion worth of com-pensation to 29 million wronged Ameri-cans—many of them seniors, many of them servicemembers. But with this bill, the Republicans will undo these safeguards, eviscerate the Consumer Bureau, and take our country back to the days of massive taxpayer bailouts. We cannot let that happen. Our Republican colleagues have named this dreadful and dangerous leg-islation, this Wall Street-first legisla-tion, the Financial CHOICE Act. The Financial CHOICE Act to prey on in-vestors, to prey on consumers, to prey on taxpayers. That is the choice they want to give the financial institutions. But let’s look at the appalling choices it represents. Instead of pro-tecting consumers, Republicans choose to help those who try to cheat con-sumers. Instead of protecting seniors, Republicans choose to help those who prey on retirement savings. Instead of protecting men and women in uniform, Republicans choose to help those who take advantage of our servicemembers’ families while our heroes are defending our freedom on the battlefield. Instead of advancing an economy that works for everyone, Republicans choose to help the special interests get richer and to stick working people with a bill for a bailout when it goes wrong. They have always been handmaidens of the special interests. We know that. But even for them, when we think we have seen it all, this really takes them to a new low. So they call it the Financial CHOICE Act, but these are not the choices that the American people want. They are choices of the Republican Party that puts Wall Street first, that are handmaidens of special interests. So while Director Comey testified in the Senate earlier today, on this side of the Capitol, House Republicans are feeding working families to the wolves on Wall Street. As I said, I don’t paint all on Wall Street with the same brush. The perva-sive incentives baked into the Repub-lican bill will enable the predatory to punish the honest. Now, here we go. Think of it. We have a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 29 million Americans benefit-ting from $12 billion in compensation. Oh, they don’t like that. They want to do away with that. The Volcker Rule, which would pre-vent the financial institutions from taking risk at taxpayers’ expense, the classic Republican: privatize the gain, nationalize the risk. If we win, the pri-vate sector and these banks benefit. If we lose, the taxpayer pays the tab. Something that had nothing to do with the Dodd-Frank bill, the fiduciary rule, which only simply said that fi-nancial advisers should have the inter-est of the investor they are advising at heart. This bill says no. We are doing away with the very compromised, I might say, fiduciary rule to protect in-vestors. So as I say, I don’t paint all of Wall Street with the same brush. The Amer-ican people want to know who stands with them. I know you want me not to talk about this because it is the truth about what you are doing to the Amer-ican people, but as the minority leader, I have the right to speak on the floor. You had plenty of time to spread your malicious legislation to hurt the Amer-ican people. I am using my time to speak the truth to them about what this bill does to their financial sta-bility. The American people want to know who stands with them and who stands with the special interests. My Repub-lican colleagues, in the name of hard-working American families, I use my time on behalf of America’s hard-working families, not on behalf of spe-cial interests. I urge my colleagues to make the choice to reject this dastardly Wall Street-first bill and to vote in support of our men and women in uniform, our seniors who have built our country, in support of those hardworking Ameri-cans who are saving for their children’s education, hoping to achieve the Amer-ican Dream of homeownership, and do not want to be preyed upon by Repub-licans in Congress. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ), the dis-tinguished chairman of the committee. Mr. HENSARLING. May I inquire how much time is remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New York has 1 minute remain-ing. The gentleman from Minnesota has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Minnesota has the right to close. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Chairman, the last time this body listened to the minority leader and enacted Dodd- Frank, permanent Wall Street bailouts were enshrined into law. That is what the gentlewoman represents, but some-how we did not hear that in her speech. The last time we listened to the gentle-woman from California, what we see is that working Americans have not re-ceived a pay increase. Their paychecks are stagnant and their savings remain decimated the last time we listened to the gentlewoman from California, the minority leader. Since we listened to her, we have seen that free checking has been cut in half, bank fees have gone up, mortgages are more difficult to come by and they are more expen-sive to close. That is the last time we listened to the gentlewoman from Cali-fornia, the minority leader. Her counsel must be rejected, as should the Washington elitism that is represented by her philosophy must be rejected as well. It is why Dodd-Frank must be rejected and why the Financial CHOICE Act must be enacted. Mr. Chairman, I support the amend-ment from the gentleman from New York. Mr. FASO. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I don’t know if it was the last time, but one of the many times that we listened to NANCY PELOSI , we passed the Dodd- Frank Act, which protected consumers to the tune of 29 million of them to re-turn $11.5 billion to $12 billion back to their families. I think that N
ANCY  P
ELOSI has a pretty good record of helping out consumers. I think con-sumers of America would appreciate $11.5 billion returned to their family budgets. The last time we listened to N
ANCY  P
ELOSI , we saw a Dodd-Frank which has stabilized markets, which gave us 85 consecutive months of private sector job growth. But the last time we heard from these free-market, Ayn Randian con-servatives, oh, boy, these guys ran the economy straight into the ditch with their deregulatory schemes and their hostility to any kind of regulation on Big Business. We saw unemployment rates well north of 10 percent in many parts of this country; we saw home values plummet; and we saw mass fore-closures, all because of the failed Ayn Randian, free-market fundamentalist attitudes that we see so often on the other side of the aisle. I will just note to my freshman friend that the minority leader can talk as long as she wants. You might want to check the rules on that one. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . MCSALLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Ms. M
CSALLY . Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
At the end of title V, add the following: Subtitle T—Legitimate Financial Transactions Report 
SEC. 596. TREASURY REPORT ON LEGITIMATE FI-NANCIAL TRANSACTIONS. 
Not later than the end of the 90-day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue a report to the Congress on— (1) the Secretary’s efforts to ensure that legitimate financial transactions move free-ly and globally; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.066 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4797 June 8, 2017 
(2) how the Secretary coordinates on such efforts with Federal bank regulators, finan-cial institutions, and money service busi-nesses. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 375, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentle-woman from Arizona. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of my amend-ment to H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act. Since Dodd-Frank was signed into law, we have seen more than 1,900 com-munity financial institutions in the U.S. close. Additionally, rules promulgated to combat money laundering in transnational organizations have had unintended consequences on legitimate businesses along the border. In my home State of Arizona, banks and legitimate businesses along the U.S.-Mexico border have been particu-larly hard hit by ambiguous and oner-ous regulations. In the last decade, Ari-zona has lost 70 percent of its commu-nity banks. These regulations, which were meant to minimize risk and combat money laundering, have actually contributed to high transaction costs and imposed substantial difficulties for legitimate companies engaged in cash-intensive types of businesses, like ranchers and farmers. Many banking institutions have closed their doors, and others have dropped customers participating in cross-border commerce. As a result, in-dividuals and local businesses, some of them family-owned who have been op-erating in the region for generations, have since lost access to banking serv-ices and the capital they rely on. I strongly support Federal efforts to combat money laundering and illicit activities, and I understand how transnational criminal organizations can exploit vulnerabilities in the finan-cial system for their own gain. How-ever, limiting the availability of bank-ing services and hampering cross-bor-der transactions to legitimate busi-nesses has negative impacts on commu-nities in my district. Should this be the result of regulations handed down by Washington, the Treasury Depart-ment should examine ways to remove these unintended consequences. As such, my amendment simply asks the Department of Treasury to review existing regulations and submit a re-port to Congress regarding its efforts to work with Federal bank regulators, financial institutions, and money serv-ice businesses to ensure that legiti-mate financial transactions can move freely and globally. It is critical that the new adminis-tration engage with small businesses and local stakeholders in the South-west to ensure legitimate cross-border commerce can continue to be a major contributor to our economy. It is im-perative we do everything we can to find a balance between economic needs of border communities while maintain-ing strong safeguards against illicit ac-tivities. This amendment is supported by the Fresh Produce Association, the Elec-tronic Transactions Association, and the Arizona Bankers Association. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I re-serve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, I rise in op-position to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chair, let me rec-ognize that the problem that Rep-resentative M
CSALLY is trying to ad-dress here is a legitimate problem that we think needs to be focused on. I must oppose it because it is inad-equate and simply not enough. It would be good if we could get together and try to come up with a bipartisan solu-tion to this problem that she has, I think, identified as a legitimate issue. But ensuring that legitimate finan-cial transactions move freely and glob-ally, particularly key remittance chan-nels for vulnerable populations, is a subject of great importance and one on which I and my Democratic colleagues remain focused. Many of us represent districts with significant immigrant populations from Central and South America, the Caribbean, Africa, all across the globe. We have heard just how critical it is for immigrants here in the United States to be able to send money that sustain their loved ones back home. While I am pleased that there is a bi-partisan recognition about the need to preserve critical remittance channels for legitimate transactions, I must say that I am deeply concerned by some of the rhetoric and proposals that we have seen from the Trump administra-tion, which make me fear that access to remittances, particularly for vulner-able populations, may be in jeopardy. Not only has the President been overtly anti-immigrant in his rhetoric during the 2016 campaign and since, he put out an alarming proposal about how he would force Mexico to pay for a wall on our Southern border. He pro-posed cutting off access to remittance transfers for anyone who couldn’t doc-ument their immigration status until Mexico agreed to pay an extortion pay-ment of between $5 billion and $10 bil-lion. I also note that while it is essential that legitimate financial transactions move freely and globally, it is equally important that illegitimate and illicit transactions do not. For this reason, I am concerned that the amendment before us falls short in that it fails to call the administration to disclose how it plans to curtail the flow of illicit funds, particularly funds which may be coming from key adver-saries like the Russian Federation. One doesn’t have to look far to see that, despite record fines and numerous enforcement actions, global megabanks have continued to facilitate shady transactions even when such trans-actions are highly suspicious, have no economic rationale, and even likely in-volve money laundering and tax eva-sion. One example of concern, Deutsche Bank, which operates in the U.S. and around the globe, was found by the Federal Reserve, New York State, and the United Kingdom to have facilitated a massive fraudulent trading scheme that allowed $10 billion to flow out of Russia to unknown locales. b1545 In order to better understand the scheme, I recently joined with a num-ber of my colleagues in writing to the Treasury Secretary to ask for any and all records of suspicious activity re-lated to Deutsche Bank’s 2011 scheme in the Department’s possession, includ-ing the names and identities of all par-ties who participated in, or benefited from, the scheme. But, like much of the oversight Democrats are conducting on this ad-ministration, this request has appar-ently fallen on deaf ears. So, again, I do appreciate the intent of the amendment—I even commend Representative M
CSALLY for identi-fying this is an important issue—it should have gone further in demanding that this administration disclose how it will curtail well-known schemes being used to facilitate fraud. So I must urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, but I look for-ward to working with Representative M
CSALLY on this important issue. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. Ms. M
CSALLY. Mr. Chairman, I ap-preciate my colleague recognizing that this is a problem and saying he agrees with it, but then doesn’t support the amendment because it is not enough. I don’t understand that. I had hoped that he would support the amendment, and then we could continue to work to-gether on other initiatives as well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tlewoman from Arizona (Ms. M
CSALLY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 115–163. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 400, line 22, insert ‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ’’ before ‘‘Within’’. Page 401, after line 2, insert the following: (b) GSA S
TUDY .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Administrator of General Services shall carry out a study to deter-mine— (A) the Consumer Law Enforcement Agen-cy’s office real estate leasing needs, in light 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.012 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4798 June 8, 2017 
of the changes to the Agency’s structure made by this Act; (B) whether the office space referenced in subsection (a) is the most cost-effective use of taxpayer money in meeting those needs, relative to alternative leasing options in the Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area; and (C) if there is a Government department or agency that has building needs that could be met by moving all or a portion of the em-ployees of such department or agency to the property described under subsection (a). (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than the end of the 6-month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall issue a report to the Congress containing all findings and deter-minations made in carrying out the study re-quired under paragraph (1). (3) A
UTHORITY TO SELL PROPERTY .—If, after carrying out the study required under para-graph (1), the Administrator of General Serv-ices determines that— (A) the Consumer Law Enforcement Agen-cy’s office real estate leasing needs have changed in light of the changes to the Agen-cy’s structure made by this Act, and (B) that there is no Government depart-ment or agency that has building needs that could be met by moving all or a portion of the employees of such department or agency to the property described under subsection (a), the Administrator may sell such property to the highest bidder, so long as the revenue from the sale exceeds the combined cost of building such property and the cost of the most recently completed renovation of such property. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 375, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) and a Mem-ber opposed each will control 5 min-utes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to explain my amendment to the Financial CHOICE Act. Since the passage of Dodd-Frank, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has been unaccountable to Congress and harmed small businesses across this country. I am thankful for the work done by Chairman H
ENSARLING to rein in this out-of-control agency. With the United States nearly $20 trillion in debt, we must do everything possible to bring financial account-ability to our Federal Government. Spending at this rate will leave us not only financially bankrupt but morally bankrupt as well. It is immoral to spend money we don’t have today and force our children to pay in the future. Despite this, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau decided it was nec-essary to renovate their headquarters, estimated at more than $200 million, over $50 million more than the building is worth. Even in their initial designs, a lavish two-story waterfall and four- story glass staircase were more impor-tant than the financial prosperity of our children. The Financial CHOICE Act makes changes to the CFPB, which will likely result in different real estate needs for the agency. My amendment is simple: it will require an assessment of wheth-er the current CFPB building is a good use of taxpayer dollars. If not, it au-thorizes the General Services Adminis-tration to sell the building to the high-est bidder, generating hundreds of mil-lions of dollars by offloading a property that is unnecessary for the Federal Government to own. Just a few months ago, my first grandchild, nicknamed Bear, was born. When he grows older, I want to tell him I did everything in my power to fight the out-of-control spending that plagues our generation. This amend-ment is part of that fight for Bear and all of our grandchildren. This amendment requires our govern-ment to use taxpayer dollars effi-ciently, and it reinforces a culture of fiscal restraint and bureaucratic deci-sionmaking. I encourage all of my colleagues to support this commonsense and fiscally responsible amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota is recognized for 5 min-utes. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, as if the CHOICE Act was not bad enough, this amendment piles on to the Repub-licans’ misguided attacks on the highly successful Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau. I don’t understand why my Repub-lican friends don’t get—29 million peo-ple got $11.5 billion of their money back because unscrupulous financial services firms unlawfully took their money. I would think we could get to-gether on that. I would think we could agree that that is an important thing to work on. And now we are trying to mess with their building, for the sake of the children, no less. The Bureau’s inspector general con-ducted a thorough investigation of the Republican’s made-up suggestion that the Consumer Financial Protection Bu-reau’s building renovations were inap-propriate. The inspector general released an audit back in 2015, that stated: 
We determined that construction costs ap-pear reasonable based on comparisons to an independent cost estimate and the costs of two comparable building renovations identi-fied by the U.S. General Services Adminis-tration. We also determined that potential renovation costs are below the amount pre-viously budgeted and obligated for the ren-ovation. . . . Current controls for approving, managing, and documenting renovation costs and project decisions are designed ap-propriately. . . . 
May we put this issue to bed that there is some nefarious plot going on with the building? It wasn’t legitimate when they first raised it. It is not le-gitimate now. And trying to bring a big deal up about their building, which is an issue that has been resolved, is not going to benefit the children of tomor-row. I think it will benefit the children for those 29 million families to get $12 billion back. Now, that might help some kids. That might pay for some lunches, some school fees, and a whole bunch of other things to help families. But just messing with the CFPB over their building will not help anyone. Even if the House Republicans are not willing to thank the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau for all it has done, I am. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has been a tough independent watchdog, has done a great job on be-half of American consumers, and has done a great job for American financial firms which do honest work. Imagine, Mr. Chairman, being a financial serv-ices firm that is actually selling a good product at a fair price and you have somebody down the street cutting cor-ners, ripping off consumers, and you are losing your competitive advantage because you are honest. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau helps keep good financial firms good and not create this pervasive sentence to drag them in the wrong direction. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau maintains a transparent data-base that has collected over 1.1 million consumer complaints about financial institutions, and 97 percent of those have received a timely response. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has demystified financial trans-actions by requiring simple know-be-fore-you-owe disclosures, and providing educational and comparison shopping tools so that consumers are empowered to make the right choice for them and their families. Perhaps one of the Consumer Finan-cial Protection Bureau’s most notable accomplishments to date was its inves-tigation of Wells Fargo’s fraudulent ac-count scandal. Let me tell you, Wells Fargo’s fraudulent account scandal definitely hurt families and kids in those families, and the CFPB’s good work helped those families. Last September, the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau fined Wells Fargo $100 million for secretly opening up 2 million unauthorized accounts on behalf of its consumers and ordered the bank to compensate customers it harmed. This marks the largest pen-alty the Consumer Financial Protec-tion Bureau has imposed to date. And that, Mr. Chairman, has helped fami-lies and children. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment, to stop the petty stuff about the building. This has been re-viewed by independent people. It is really just a waste of time. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK). The question was taken; and the Act-ing Chair announced that the ayes ap-peared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I de-mand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further pro-ceedings on the amendment offered by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.013 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4799 June 8, 2017 
the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 115– 163 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 1 by Mr. H
ENSARLING  of Texas. Amendment No. 2 by Mr. H
OLLINGS -
WORTH of Indiana. Amendment No. 4 by Mr. F
ASO of New York. Amendment No. 6 by Mr. B
UCKof Col-orado. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . HENSARLING  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 232, noes 185, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 295] AYES—232 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Aguilar Clyburn Costa Cummings DeFazio Dunn Engel Johnson, Sam LaMalfa Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Napolitano Reichert 
b1616 Mrs. DINGELL, Mr. CARSON of Indi-ana, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Messrs. BUTTERFIELD, RUPPERS-BERGER, Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, and Mr. GOTTHEIMER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
HOLLINGSWORTH  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OL-
LINGSWORTH ) on which further pro-ceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 231, noes 180, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 296] AYES—231 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.073 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4800 June 8, 2017 
McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—180 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—19 
Aguilar Bishop (UT) Clyburn Cole Costa Cummings DeFazio Engel Green, Al Johnson, Sam Lamborn Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Meadows Napolitano Polis Reichert Smith (NE) ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1620 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 296. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably de-tained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 296. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . FASO  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. F
ASO) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 235, noes 184, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 297] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—184 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.017 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4801 June 8, 2017 
SchultzWaters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar Clyburn Costa Cummings DeFazio Engel Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Napolitano Reichert 
b1624 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. B
UCK) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes pre-vailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amend-ment. 
RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2- minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 233, noes 185, not voting 12, as follows: 
[Roll No. 298] AYES—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—185 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—12 
Aguilar Clyburn Costa Cummings DeFazio Engel Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Napolitano Reichert Shuster b1628 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. H
ULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. S
IMPSON , Acting Chair of the Com-mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Com-mittee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 10) to create hope and op-portunity for investors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bailouts and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, elimi-nating red tape to increase access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make America less prosperous, less sta-ble, and less free, and for other pur-poses, and, pursuant to House Resolu-tion 375, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is or-dered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment re-ported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amend-ment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 5- minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5-minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 233, nays 186, not voting 11, as follows: 
[Roll No. 299] YEAS—233 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.019 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4802 June 8, 2017 
Chaffetz Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NAYS—186 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—11 
Aguilar Clyburn Costa Cummings DeFazio Engel Johnson, Sam Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Napolitano Reichert 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. REICHERT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 299, I missed the vote due to a personal ill-ness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ Stated against: Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I am unavoidably detained in my Congressional District. Had I been present to vote on H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act of 2017, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I was ab-sent during rollcall votes No. 295, No. 296, No. 297, No. 298, and No. 299 due to my spouse’s health situation in California. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Hensarling Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Hollingsworth Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Faso Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Buck Amendment. I would have also voted ‘‘nay’’ on the Final Passage of H.R. 10—Fi-nancial CHOICE Act of 2017. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to be present for rollcall votes taken on the House floor on June 8, 2017 as I had to return to California for medical reasons. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 295, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 296, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 297, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall vote No. 298, ‘‘no’’ on rollcall Vote No. 299. PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for votes on Thursday, June 8, 2017 because of a family obligation. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 295, on Agreeing to the Hensarling Amendment; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 296, on Agreeing to the Hollingsworth Amendment; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 297, on Agreeing to the Faso Amendment; ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 298, on Agreeing to the Buck Amendment; and ‘‘no’’ on rollcall No. 299, on Passage of H.R. 10, the Financial Choice Act. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to attend votes on June 8, 2017, on account of attending my son’s graduation. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall vote 295, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote 296, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote 297, ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote 298, and ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall vote 299. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s ap-proval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 2017, TO MONDAY, JUNE 12, 2017 Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, June 12, 2017, when it shall convene at noon for morning-hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative busi-ness. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. 
f 
NUTRITION SUBCOMMITTEE EXAMINES SNAP TECHNOLOGY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, earlier this morning, the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Nutrition hosted a hearing to exam-ine SNAP technology and moderniza-tion. SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, was formerly known as food stamps. The Agriculture Committee has conducted a thorough review of SNAP over the past 30 months. This program is critically important to 42 million Americans who utilize it each month. It is the largest domestic hunger safety net program in the coun-try, and it is imperative that it re-mains viable so we can continue to serve so many who are struggling. That is why, at today’s hearing, we dis-cussed technology and modernization 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.023 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4803 June 8, 2017 
of SNAP, including areas to enhance program integrity, streamline delivery of services, improve the customer expe-rience, and ease administrative bur-dens. In just 2004, EBT, or electronic ben-efit transfer, was completed. This is the electronic system that allows a re-cipient to authorize transfer of their supplemental benefits to a retailer to pay for products. This was a tremen-dous step forward toward improving the program. As chairman of the Nutrition Sub-committee, I look forward to con-tinuing to improve the efficiency of SNAP. 
f 
b1645 DARK DAYS OF THE FINANCIAL CRISIS (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Madam Speaker, in the wake of the financial crisis, 7.8 million American consumers lost their homes through foreclosure. The failure to have a responsible regu-latory environment also resulted in taxpayers paying $7 trillion to bail out financial institutions through loans and, according to some reports, an ad-ditional $22 trillion through the Fed-eral Government’s purchase of assets. My home State of New Jersey was se-verely impacted by this crisis and still feeling the effects. So this is personal. The Financial CHOICE Act is the wrong choice for Americans. This bill guts many of the commonsense protec-tions that are outlined in Dodd-Frank and severely restricts the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau from doing its job. The ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act gives Wall Street a hand while ignoring the needs of hardworking Americans. It will allow predatory lending practices to go unchecked and profiteers on Wall Street to skirt consequences. Wall Street reform and other Demo-cratic policies have given our country the strongest consumer protections in history. I will continue to stand up for hard-working Americans and reject the ‘‘Wrong’’ CHOICE Act before Repub-licans pave the way back to the dark days of the financial crisis. 
f 
HONORING JOHN DEEDER ON HIS RETIREMENT (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Madam Speaker, I rise today to honor the ca-reer of John Deeder, a valued member of the community in southwest Wash-ington. John spent 48 years in edu-cation and announced his retirement earlier this year. Throughout his life, John has been a coach, counselor, teacher, principal, superintendent, and more. More re-cently, he served as superintendent of the Evergreen Public Schools, the fifth largest in Washington State, for 11 years. His career in teaching exhibits how much he values educating students and setting them up to succeed. Those who have worked with John know that he has been dedicated to improving the learning experiences for kids in south-west Washington for just shy of 5 dec-ades. Under his innovative leadership, an incredible bioscience high school called the Henrietta Lacks Health and Bio-science High School was built. HeLa High School places an emphasis on workforce development in health sciences and biotechnology that is an investment in our future leaders. It took a decade to research, plan, and build this transformational school, but John remained committed to the vision of this school. Though John’s formal career has ended, the legacy of his per-sistent leadership can be seen through-out HeLa High School and its students. While John has extensive involve-ment in education, his community en-gagement also spans well beyond his career as superintendent. He has taken every opportunity to serve, and is a shining example of what makes this ex-pansive and populated region feel like a tight-knit and caring community. He is an inspiration to all in southwest Washington, and I am confident he will continue working to improve education here and beyond. I congratulate John on his retire-ment and wish him all the best in his future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING THE CALVARY CHRISTIAN WARRIORS BOYS BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. CRIST asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRIST. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize Clearwater, Flor-ida’s Calvary Christian High School Warriors boys baseball team on their impressive State championship win. Coach Greg Olsen and the Warriors clinched an 11–1 victory against Pensa-cola Catholic High School to lead them to the Class 4A title, clinching the school’s first State championship and capping off a perfect season of 30 wins and no losses. Such an achievement takes more than skill and talent. It takes steely determination, unwavering focus, and perhaps, most importantly, the ability to work together. These skills are in-valuable both on and off the field. What they have learned as teammates will enable their success not just as ath-letes, but as good citizens. Our entire community is proud of their out-standing sportsmanship and achieve-ments. On behalf of Pinellas County, con-gratulations Warriors. 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF 1ST INFANTRY DIVISION (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Madam Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th anniversary of the Army’s 1st Infantry Division, or the ‘‘Big Red One.’’ From their heroic start, the 1st In-fantry Division has played a vital role in our Nation’s history, serving in al-most every American war since 1917. Today, the Big Red One has over 5,000 soldiers deployed worldwide, with an additional 10,000 in my district at Fort Riley. They are preparing to deploy in support of ongoing operations. Since 1917, more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division have paid the ultimate sacrifice. We honor those who have worn the patch of the Big Red One and those that do so today. I cannot be more proud of our troops at Fort Riley. I am honored to represent them. I thank them all for their serv-ice. f 
CONGRATULATING THE WEST SIDE HIGH SCHOOL TRACK TEAMS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the girls and boys track teams at West Side High School in Newark, New Jersey, for win-ning gold in their respective 4x400 meter relay heats at the Penn Relays this year. The oldest and largest track and field competition in the world, the Penn Re-lays is also one of the most prestigious, drawing nearly 20,000 athletes from across the globe. There is some really tough competition at the Penn Relays, but both West Side teams stood out. The boys relay team, made up of James Bell, Jarrett Gentle, Jakai Coker, and Shaquan Williams, won their heat in an impressive 3 minutes 28 seconds, more than a second faster than the second place team. The girls relay team, made up of Aminah Muhammad, Fatima Sannor, Tiyauna Evans, and Jahne Slocum, won their heat in an impressive 4 min-utes and 7 seconds, more than 3 seconds faster than the second place finishers. Madam Speaker, again, I congratu-late the West Side High School track team and their coaches, Rickey Meekins and Eddie Greene, for bringing home the gold—a testament to their skill, dedication, and teamwork. Go, Roughriders. 
f 
TROUP COUNTY DRUG TREATMENT COURT (Mr. FERGUSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FERGUSON. Madam Speaker, I rise today to commend the work of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.083 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4804 June 8, 2017 
Troup County Drug Court in LaGrange, Georgia. I had the opportunity to speak at their commencement cere-mony last week while I was back in the district. This program holds offenders with substance abuse and mental health dis-orders accountable through strict su-pervision and treatment, and allows them to get their lives back on track. As a dentist, I have had the oppor-tunity to work with those suffering from substance abuse problems through my work with Hope Harbor, a Christian recovery center in my dis-trict. I have seen firsthand that, for every addiction, there is a real human being behind the statistic. These men and women have the potential to live long, productive lives serving their families and communities, and pro-grams like this help them do just that. The success rate of these programs speaks volumes about their value to the community and those that grad-uate from the program. Seventy-five percent of drug court graduates never reoffend. This is almost 2
1⁄2times high-er than the 30 percent success rate of those who serve a prison sentence and receive no treatment. I commend the hard work of the men and women of the Troup County Drug Court. 
f 
TWO IMPORTANT ISSUES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, I rise to discuss two issues and to speak on their impact to the American people. The first one is the Financial CHOICE Act, which we just debated. I oppose it for the very reason that we passed Dodd-Frank. We passed it to re-spond to the greatest recession in 80 years, which saw a financial crisis that caused working men and women to lose the greatest amount of wealth they have ever lost. Yet, our colleagues here believe that it is important to choose large corporate interests over working men and women. At the same time, today we heard the testimony of Director Comey under oath. He gave a list of very trouble-some acts and words offered by the President of the United States. Shortly thereafter, the President’s lawyer, who was not under oath, came forward to deny, disparage, and suggest that Di-rector Comey was not telling the truth. That is clearly an indication that the Judiciary Committee should begin an inquiry. That is our jurisdictional duty: to begin an inquiry to discern who is telling the truth. The FBI is under our jurisdiction. It is time for the House to hold hear-ings now. The truth must be known by the American people. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF PAUL W. PAINTER, JR. (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of the respected Savannah lawyer and gentleman, Paul W. Painter, Jr., who passed away on Saturday, May 27, 2017, at the age of 71. Mr. Painter comes from a family that has worked tirelessly to serve our country both in the Armed Forces as well as our judiciary system. His fa-ther, Paul Painter, Sr., served during World War II, and then created a suc-cessful law practice. Paul Painter, Jr., followed in his fa-ther’s footsteps, graduating from Geor-gia Tech, and then serving in the Navy for 4 years. After that, Mr. Painter at-tended law school at the University of Georgia, beginning a career that would benefit and serve many Savannahians for years to come. Mr. Painter started his own firm in Savannah, now known as the Ellis, Painter, Ratterree, & Adams Law Firm, with which he practiced for near-ly 30 years. By the end of his law ca-reer, he was known as one of the best lawyers in the entire State of Georgia and was named to the list of Georgia’s Top 10 lawyers in 2014. The Paul W. Painter, Jr., Civility and Professional Award was also created in his honor to remember his fantastic work and to reward other outstanding lawyers in Georgia. Mr. Painter was an honorable person who did everything possible to improve our judicial system, and he gained re-spect from lawyers all over. He will certainly be missed as an asset to our community and the entire legal field. f 
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE (Mr. TED LIEU of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TED LIEU of California. Madam Speaker, as a former prosecutor, I rise to state the obvious: President Trump committed obstruction of justice. We have direct evidence that the President asked the FBI Director for loyalty. He demanded it. He asked the FBI Director to drop an investigation into Michael Flynn. The President fired the FBI Director. Then, on national TV, he said he did it because of the Russian probe. Then he told the Russians in the Oval Office that he did it to relieve great pressure because of the FBI investigation. That is classic obstruction of justice. The Washington Post today has a quote from one of the prosecutors of Watergate. He says: ‘‘I helped pros-ecute Watergate. Comey’s statement is sufficient evidence for an obstruction of justice case.’’ I call on Special Counsel Mueller to investigate the President of the United States for violating the obstruction of justice statute, which is a felony. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. PUTTING THE AMERICAN DREAM BACK INTO REACH (Mr. TAYLOR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TAYLOR. Madam Speaker, my generation has known two very pro-found events: war and recession. To some folks, a decade seems like forever ago, but for most Virginians, most Americans, the events of the fi-nancial collapse 10 years ago still haunt their memories today. Financial devastation hit the poor and middle class in this country unlike anything we have witnessed in our lifetimes: businesses shuttered, retirement plans halted, families losing many homes. In response, Congress passed Dodd- Frank, a bill with more regulations than all other bills passed during the Obama administration. Dodd-Frank regulations have pushed many community banks out of busi-ness. We lose one of them or a credit union every single day. Small-business lending, the driver of jobs in this coun-try, has declined; everyday banking services have been reduced; and home-ownership is increasingly out of reach. The Financial CHOICE Act provides more accountability over unelected bodies, unlocks small-business lending, allows community banks to survive, stops big-bank bailouts with our tax dollars, will increase homeownership, and it imposes the toughest penalties ever for financial fraud. This bill puts the American Dream into reach for millions of Americans. f 
b1700 HECTOR BARAJAS-VARELA (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Madam Speaker, veterans shouldn’t have to come home in a body bag to be recognized as Amer-icans. Last weekend, I went, along with some of my colleagues, to Tijuana, Mexico, where we visited veterans who have served this country, who have picked up a weapon to go and fight in war to protect our freedoms. They sur-vived, came home, and some of them were deported. Do you know that if you go and you fight overseas and you are not a citizen and you die, you get automatic citizen-ship? One of those people we saw this weekend is my constituent, Hector Barajas, from Compton. This is a photo of him. He was proudly still wearing his uniform. He was deported to Mexico after serving 5
1⁄2years in the U.S. Army, receiving two commendations. I am proud to cosponsor H.R. 1405, which would allow noncitizen veterans who have been deported to come home and come back to the United States. I hope that he gets to come back, too. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.085 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4805 June 8, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF LIEUTENANT COLONEL LISA L.A. EPPERSON (Mr. BACON asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BACON. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize Lieutenant Colonel Lisa L.A. Epperson on the occasion of her retirement from the United States Air Force, the best Air Force in the world. Colonel Epperson has given a great deal to this Nation through her service. Her assignments include Wright-Pat-terson, Tyndall, Los Angeles, Hill, and Nellis Air Force Bases, and finally here at the Pentagon. Colonel Epperson has influenced mission systems from De-fense Satellite Communications Sys-tem and Minuteman III, an ICBM, to the F–15 and F–22. Most importantly, she impacted our warfighting oper-ations in Operations Noble Eagle, En-during Freedom, and Iraqi Freedom. Throughout her distinguished career, Colonel Epperson represented our coun-try with honor, and I am privileged to pay tribute to her. On behalf of Con-gress and the United States, I want to thank Colonel Epperson; her husband, David; and their children, Trevor and Cassidy, for their 20 years of service. I wish them Godspeed and continued happiness as they start this new chap-ter. 
f 
CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. S
MUCKER ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. SMUCKER. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SMUCKER. Madam Speaker, to-night I am honored to lead a bipartisan Special Order on career and technical education. We have several Members joining us here this evening to high-light CTE programs in their districts and the upcoming reauthorization of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Tech-nical Education Act. I would like to start the order by yielding to my colleague and colead, Congressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI , who has been working hard with my Penn-sylvania colleague, Congressman T
HOMPSON , on H.R. 2353, the Strength-ening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Madam Speaker, I thank Representative S
MUCKER for yielding. I really appre-ciate his leadership. I thank Congress-man G.T. THOMPSON from Pennsylvania as well for his leadership. It is an honor to be here. Madam Speaker, in recent years, global economic trends have led to an ever-growing skills gap. While unem-ployment has fallen to 4.4 percent in my home State of Illinois, there is still a widening gap between the jobs that are open and the skills workers need. This has become apparent as I have traveled throughout my district listen-ing to community representatives, businesses, parents, students, and high-er education officials discuss the local state of the economy. I have been particularly concerned with the feedback I have received from businesses, who continue to report that there is a gap between the talent and skills they need in employees and what they can actually find. Shortages in skilled fields like machinists, techni-cians, operators, cybersecurity, and healthcare are impairing their ability to grow their businesses. There is much Congress can do to im-prove the skills of our labor force, which is why I was proud to partner with my good friend and fellow member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, Congressman G.T. T
HOMP -
SON, in introducing H.R. 2353. Our bill reauthorizes the Carl D. Per-kins grant program through fiscal year 2023 and gives States and local govern-ments the tools to better equip work-ers for higher paying middle class jobs in the 21st century. The Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act addresses one of the underlying causes of the skills gap: what is being taught in classes does not necessarily sync up with what is needed to get a job. H.R. 2353 requires a strong buy-in from local businesses in developing State plans. With more local stakeholders in-volved in the process, it will better equip students with the technical skills they need to find success in local in-de-mand careers. Finally, I believe it is important that we start to shift the culture sur-rounding career and technical edu-cation. Every student, no matter his or her career goals, should participate in some form of career education. I be-lieve that every student needs to grad-uate, not just with a diploma but with another piece of paper, namely an offer letter. Some students will find success in a traditional 4-year college program; others, however, will learn the skills they need through a 2-year community college or on-the-job training. I look forward to working with my colleagues from both sides of the aisle to ensure its passage, and I look for-ward to sending this bill to the Presi-dent later this year for signing. Mr. SMUCKER. Madam Speaker, I would like to thank Congressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI for his leadership on this issue. The Congressman is a fellow member of the freshman class. I really appreciate the opportunity to work with him, particularly on this very im-portant topic. Madam Speaker, I yield to Congress-man THOMPSON , the sponsor of H.R. 2353, who, for many years, has been leading the charge here in the House to strengthen career technical education. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend from Pennsylvania, Representa-tive S
MUCKER —he is doing a great job representing his congressional district and being a strong voice for Pennsyl-vania—for hosting this important Spe-cial Order tonight focused on career and technical education. I appreciate my good friend, Rep-resentative K
RISHNAMOORTHI , who is with me and is leading the charge with the piece of legislation that I hope we will see on the House floor in the weeks to come. As co-chair of the House Career and Technical Education Caucus, I often say that a high quality career in tech-nical education can help restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity. Now, this statement is one I truly believe in. For many Americans, those rungs have been displaced for different rea-sons, whether it is training that they have had, access to training, access to quality, effective training; whether it has been poverty; whether it has been unemployment, underemployment, all things that take away rungs on the ladder of opportunity, this career and technical education can truly restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity. It is undeniable that career and tech-nological education has helped many Americans obtain the knowledge and skills they need to break the cycle of poverty and achieve a lifetime of suc-cess. The first step to increasing access to CTE programs, as we refer to them, across the United States is modern-izing the Federal investment in these programs, and it has been more than a decade since Congress has updated the Federal law governing CTE programs. This is problematic, due to the fact that so much about our society and our Nation’s workforce has changed during this time. Since the last time the Per-kins Act was reauthorized, we have new skill sets, new jobs, new industry, new opportunities, new technology. So, for example, today, more than 1 million positions remain open in the trade, transportation, utility sectors, and an additional 315,000 manufac-turing positions are currently unfilled. If we are to embark on a new era of American manufacturing and improved infrastructure, we need a qualified and well trained workforce to fill these po-sitions. That is the number one asset of any business. It is not the location; it is not the compliance; it is not the marketing. It really is a qualified and trained workforce. With all this in mind, I have worked with my colleagues in introducing the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.088 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4806 June 8, 2017 
once again this Congress. Last Con-gress, this bill did pass unanimously out of the House Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce and was widely supported on the House floor by a vote of 405–5. Unfortunately, things bogged down in the Senate, with a lot of good legislation at the end of the last congressional cycle, and so here we are again, which is okay, because we have taken the opportunity to make this just a little bit better, too. We had some small refinements, but some im-provements. We used our time effec-tively. Now, this robust reauthorization of the Perkins Act will help ensure that Federal policies accurately reflect the challenges and realities facing today’s students, workers, and employers. Ad-ditionally, the bill supports innovative learning opportunities and stronger en-gagements with employers. By pro-moting work-based learning at the Federal level, more employers will build relationships with students through hands-on experience. This type of learning is invaluable to students with a wide range of interests and learning styles. I am proud to see this bill pass out of the committee unanimously once again last month. I am looking forward to its consideration on the House floor and in the Senate in the future. Now, if we are serious about improv-ing our Nation’s workforce and pro-viding greater opportunities for all Americans, we will work together to move this bill through the legislative process. After all, this new bill, as I have said before, does restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity. The impact of increasing access and quality of career and technical edu-cation is far-reaching. Take, for exam-ple, maybe a 15-year-old girl who when in school was uninspired, her head is on her desk. She doesn’t learn in the typ-ical way that many of us do, where people talk at you and teach, but if you can put something in her hands, the tools of career and technical education, that could be a welder, a set of wrench-es, it could be a paint brush, it could be a stethoscope, farm implements, she is inspired, and she does great, she excels. I just heard about a young boy today, who is a young man now, but as a young boy was on the spectrum scale, he had some issues of autism. I was so inspired to hear this today. This young man went into career and technical education as a welder. And today, he is making a significant amount of money, more than what his teacher was mak-ing, right out of high school, as a weld-er because of what career and technical education did. The young couple facing unemploy-ment and underemployment who is at the kitchen table trying to decide how to make ends meet, and this is an op-portunity to get back into the work-force. The middle-aged worker who has been working the line manufacturing who would like a promotion, do a little better by his family, bring more money home, it provides and serves that per-son. The family who is stuck in pov-erty maybe for generations, stuck in poverty so long, they don’t even re-member what was the incident that put them into poverty generations ago, but this is a way to break that cycle of poverty. And certainly the successful business owner, who is doing all the right things, and she is invested in her busi-ness and has grown the business and has a great product and a great loca-tion and a great marketing plan, great compliance plan, because of regulation issues, but she is closing her business, because, Madam Speaker, she can’t find qualified and trained workers to keep that business going, let alone grow it. These are all examples of folks who will benefit from this. I really want to thank my colleagues for their enthusiastic support of career and technical education. On a day when I know there are other places where there are pressures to be this evening, you are right here on the House floor and leading the cause for career and technical education, and I am very thankful for that. Once again, thanks to Representative S
MUCKER for his leadership and tonight’s Special Order. Mr. SMUCKER. Madam Speaker, I would like to again thank the Con-gressman for his leadership on this very important issue. I very much en-joyed, in the 5 months I have been here, working with Congressman T
HOMPSON , a fellow member of the Pennsylvania delegation, but I have seen his passion for this issue. So, again, I look forward to continuing to work with you on this and really ap-preciate your leadership. b1715 You mentioned the critical need of businesses to fill spots that are avail-able today. We see the unemployment rate today. We know this is a problem today and will continue to be a prob-lem. My background is in construction. We owned a construction firm. We had about 150 employees. Our biggest prob-lem always was finding qualified people to fill the spots that are available. At the same time, I saw the opportunities that were available to people who de-cided to take up a career in construc-tion. It is not, as many people think, neither construction nor manufac-turing nor many jobs that require tech-nical trade skills today. Construction uses technology, and it is not a dirty job that people once thought it was. The manufacturing is the same way. At the same time, there are great-paying jobs, family-sustaining jobs available in these fields. I think we need to do a better job of enlightening, essentially, the opportu-nities and talking about the opportuni-ties that are available through career and technical education. To your point again, Congressman, there is no better way to help people out of poverty than to connect them with a good-paying job and the self- worth that is achieved from finding a job. We know those jobs are available today. What career and technical edu-cation does is prepare people for great- paying jobs that are available. Again, thank you so much for your leadership on this. Now I would like to yield to another freshman colleague of mine on the Education and Workforce Committee, Mr. MITCHELL , who has an extensive background in higher education and brings that expertise to the committee. Mr. MITCHELL. I thank Mr. S
MUCKER for yielding to me. Madam Speaker, I rise today to talk about education and workforce pre-paredness. Prior to serving in Congress, I dedi-cated my 35-year career to workforce education, helping people develop skills necessary to get a job and start a career path. There is something about the pride that comes when someone builds the skills necessary to start a career. Their whole world changes when they see what they can achieve and the dif-ference that makes for their family. I ran for Congress with the desire to make that opportunity possible for all Americans; to help all Americans suc-ceed, as I and so many others in this Chamber have. For some people, pursuing their de-sired career means a 4-year college de-gree. I have also seen that that is not the right path for many others. Yet, too often, those that wish to pursue ca-reers in technical areas lack the skills to gain the employment and access the skills training necessary to move for-ward. This leads to a problem we have all heard of, the skills gap. People, young and mature, are unable to find jobs be-cause they lack the necessary skills, and employers are unable to find quali-fied staff to fill their jobs. We are seeing this repeatedly in my home State of Michigan. Several com-panies that have been awarded incen-tives to grow and expand through the Michigan Strategic Fund have had to dial back planned expansions due to hiring challenges. The Pure Michigan Talent Connect website lists nearly 100,000 open jobs and positions across a range of industries. Businesses simply cannot find qualified individuals to fill their open jobs. It threatens our Na-tion, and we must address it. In efforts to assess the needs of our education system over the last 5 months, I have met with students, ad-ministrators, teachers, and employers throughout my congressional district. Every single employer I have met since I started office have told me the same thing, believe it or not. They need more employees with the skills nec-essary, the core technical skills nec-essary, to contribute in the workforce. Despite expensive and extensive re-cruitment efforts, they can’t find them. It is creating a real problem. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.089 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4807 June 8, 2017 
They are turning down work and turn-ing down opportunity and growth across this Nation and in my district because they cannot find skilled em-ployees. Schools in my community recognize this problem, but too often their hands are tied, needing to ensure that stu-dents meet arbitrary standards and testing metrics. Here is the irony: rather than ensuring that they are pre-pared for employment in the commu-nity, we worry about test scores. School leaders throughout my dis-trict have asked for one thing: more flexibility to offer choices to students and families to develop skills to meet the needs of employers and, frankly, the needs of the 21st century. The Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act would give additional flexibility to the community that education leaders are asking for. It will also allow States to better accommodate the local work-force needs. Schools, parents, employ-ers, and teachers have made it clear: career and technical education can be improved by making it more relevant to students and employers, ensuring programs are accountable, involving all stakeholders, and granting more flexibility. The bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act achieves those goals. I am proud to support it as one step to ex-pand the educational opportunities in choice in this country. Mr. SMUCKER. I thank Representa-tive M
ITCHELL for his comments. Again, I appreciate not only his pas-sion for this issue, but the wealth of experience in this field that he brings to the table, and I look forward as well to continuing to work with him on this issue. I now would like to yield to, once again, another freshman Member of the class who I very much enjoy working with, Mr. F
ERGUSON . Mr. FERGUSON. I thank Mr. S
MUCKER for yielding to me. I, too, would like to express my ap-preciation for Representative T
HOMP -
SONfor taking the lead on this on our side of aisle. He did a great job. I also appreciate Representative K
RISHNAMOORTHI from Illinois, who worked tirelessly to make this a real solid bill. So thanks to both of them. Thank you for taking time to lead these Special Orders tonight. In my district and throughout Geor-gia, our school systems, technical col-leges, and communities are creating in-novative career tech opportunities to help transition students into a work-force through dual enrollment with the Technical College System of Georgia, work-based learning apprenticeships, and Career Academies like the THINC Academy in LaGrange, the Central Education Center in Newnan, and 12 for Life in Carrollton, Georgia. These programs are helping our young people make the transition from high school directly into the work-force, and they are also helping adult learners transition into new careers. I visited these centers and learned about these education programs, and they provide a meaningful transition for these students. They rely heavily on the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Eduction Act. This is a piv-otal workforce development tool. It en-ables our education leaders to develop tailored programs that reflect the workforce needs, leveraging small dol-lars for very large outcomes. Travelling throughout my district, the number one issue I hear from busi-ness and education leaders is workforce development. I have seen examples across the Third District of how com-munity stakeholders are pulling to-gether to do their part to develop ca-reer tech education and, in turn, create opportunities for young people to climb the ladder of success. I am so impressed by the emerging partnerships that have naturally come about as these groups work to close the skills gap that we have in this country. They know the urgent need we have to educate students and develop these skills to fill the demands of a 21st cen-tury job. This is a story of so many of our communities across the country and the reason why I support the effort to move forward and reauthorize the Per-kins CTE. Reauthorizing Perkins CTE will upgrade the law and more accu-rately reflect the needs and work being done by States and local communities, providing flexibility, streamlined ap-plication processes, promoting partner-ships, accountability, and a limited Federal role. It is time to make these reforms, and I proudly support H.R. 2353. Mr. SMUCKER. I thank Mr. FER-
GUSON for his comments. As he men-tioned, this is about family-sustaining jobs. Mr. F
ERGUSON has a lot of experi-ence bringing jobs to his town of West Point in Georgia, where he was mayor, creating thousands of new jobs there through innovative policies. I look for-ward to continuing to work with him on this as well. Now I yield to another colleague on the Education and Workforce Com-mittee who has been a leading voice as well on CTE, Mr. W
ILSON . Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I thank Congressman L
LOYD SMUCKER  for yielding to me. I appreciate his dedicated leadership to the people of Pennsylvania. Students and businesses in South Carolina know firsthand the impor-tance of an educated workforce to pro-mote jobs. They also know that quality education doesn’t have to come at the time and expense of a traditional 4- year college degree to achieve fulfilling jobs. While visiting these schools and busi-nesses across the Second District of South Carolina, I regularly learn how they have positively benefited from ca-reer and technical education programs that create jobs and lead to fulfilling lives. With career and technical education, students can incorporate practical skills and training into their edu-cational experience; skills that are val-uable to the workforce to create jobs. Businesses in South Carolina espe-cially appreciate the opportunity to work with the technical colleges to work to close the skills gap and hire trained, experienced employees for highly technical jobs. I have been grateful to have the op-portunity to visit Midlands Technical College, Aiken Technical College, and Orangeburg-Calhoun Technical College, along with the extraordinary programs at their area high schools. I am grateful for the work of the Ap-prenticeship Carolina, readySC, and the South Carolina Technical College System for their role in connecting students with employers. I also appreciate the countless busi-nesses in South Carolina, like Boeing, Michelin, MTU, Fluor, and others that support the career and technical edu-cation programs and hire students from the programs or facilitate appren-ticeship programs for meaningful jobs. In fact, these programs have been the basis for establishing the tire industry in South Carolina where, in the district I represent, Michelin is the largest sin-gle tire manufacturer in the world at that location. Additionally, with Bridgestone, which is Japanese; Continental, which is German; Michelin, which is French; Giti, which is GT, which is Singapore; and soon a Chinese tire manufacturer, because of the training programs we have, South Carolina now is the lead-ing manufacturer and exporter of tires of any State in the United States. Additionally, with BMW, South Caro-lina is the leading exporter of cars of any State in the United States. In fact, last year, $9.4 billion worth of BMWs were exported out of Charleston for worldwide distribution. While South Carolina has been highly successful in promoting career and technical education programs, I hope all communities across the country can experience the success that we have achieved creating jobs. The Strengthening Career and Tech-nical Education for the 21st Century Act will reduce regulations and allow State and local leaders to create career and technical education programs best for their communities. As the House of Representatives will consider the bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act soon, I urge all of my colleagues to support this job-creating legislation for meaningful and produc-tive families. Mr. SMUCKER. I thank Mr. W
ILSON  for his comments. I am happy to say that I am one of those who supports the economy in South Carolina by buying those Bridgestone and Firestone tires for my vehicles. Mr. W
ILSON has been a strong advo-cate, obviously, for the people of his 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.091 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4808 June 8, 2017 
district, the people of his State, and has been a leader in regards to CTE. I look forward to working with him on this bill as well. I think I will have one more speaker, who is on the way. As I wait for him, Mr. W
ILSON talked about some of the schools in his area that have been doing a great job in connecting people, training people, educating people for the kind of jobs that are available in our workforces. Pennsylvania’s 16th Congressional District is home to Thaddeus Stevens College of Technology, and it is an in-credible story and similar to stories of many of the other institutions that are providing career and technical edu-cation. There was a job fair recently at Thaddeus Stevens College, and for just a few hundred graduates, there were about 450 companies essentially com-peting for those individuals, competing to fill spots they had. So it goes with-out saying that the placement rate at many of these schools—I know cer-tainly at Thaddeus Stevens College—is almost 100 percent placement rate. They have a problem, in fact, some-times keeping people until graduation because students are offered jobs even before they graduate, and they are hired away. b1730 Some of the students coming out of Thaddeus Stevens College are earning, on average, $45,000 annually. We have the Marcellus shale drilling in our area, welders, some of them are earn-ing up to six figures, $100,000 or more in the first or second year of employment. So, again, the kind of jobs that we are talking about here are great-paying, family-sustaining jobs. My district is also home to Reading Area Community College and the Penn-sylvania College of Health Sciences, both of which offer CTE programs. We have spoken with, as a part of leading up to this bill being introduced, their faculty, students, and staff about how some of these programs can be im-proved. Harrisburg Area Community College has a campus in my district in Lan-caster. They do something that I think we will be seeing more of and should be seeing more of: they run an innovative apprenticeship program. They brought together private businesses that work with the school to help prepare skilled workers to fill available jobs. It is a very innovative program. The program has been very, very successful. Future initiatives there include ex-panding the program into our local high schools to ensure that graduates are college or career ready. It is an op-portunity that I think we have across the country. If you look at some other models, some of the European countries—for instance, I just had a long, extensive conversation with the Swiss Ambas-sador about the apprenticeship pro-gram in Switzerland. Here, we often think of apprentice-ship in what we may refer to as blue- collar workers, construction and manu-facturing. In Switzerland, I was told that they have apprenticeship pro-grams in up to 230 careers. So it is bankers and insurers. Many, many dif-ferent companies are taking advantage of the apprenticeship program there. It gets to the student debt problem that we hear so much about. Here, stu-dents are earning a degree. In an ap-prenticeship program, students are earning a degree while earning dollars, so it sort of does away with that, if you think about it. You are earning dollars as you are learning. So it is a great model that I hope to see more of here. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
AN-
GEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding, and I thank Representative S
MUCKER for holding this Special Order. Madam Speaker, as co-chair of the Career and Technical Education Cau-cus, I rise to highlight the importance of career and technical education for our Nation’s workforce. I really appre-ciate all of the comments that the gen-tleman just mentioned, and I concur. Madam Speaker, across Rhode Island, I continue to hear from employers struggling to find skilled workers to fill open jobs in fields such as manufac-turing, IT, and other trades. Hundreds of thousands of high- skilled, high-paying jobs are right now unfulfilled in our country, and this number is continuing to grow. Espe-cially as we hear about bringing jobs back from overseas, manufacturing, just by way of example, has changed dramatically. These factories are no longer the old, dirty, noisy manufac-turing factories of old that, say, our fa-thers or grandfathers were used to. They are now all high-tech. You see ro-bots doing a lot of the manufacturing that require both programming and so-phisticated knowledge how to run this advanced equipment. So the jobs are coming back, but they are coming back in different ways, needing different skills. And right now we need to ensure that our workforce is equipped with the tools to meet the demands of the economy to close our Nation’s skills gap. We can do this by better aligning education and industry. Our students, Madam Speaker, should be learning the skills they need to succeed in growing economic sec-tors. This is one of the most important investments that we can make in our Nation’s future. The Governor of Rhode Island, Gov-ernor Raimondo, likes to say: We need to give our workers the skills that matter for jobs that pay. In the Ocean State, the newly opened Westerly Education Center right now is working to promote CTE, providing a range of courses to help Rhode Island-ers to meet the current and projected needs of the region’s economy. The Westerly Education Center effectively brings together higher education, in-dustry, and community partners to en-sure students of all ages are prepared for workforce opportunities in Rhode Island. Classes range from industry- specific skills training to courses in critical thinking, management, and also soft skills. CTE courses, Madam Speaker, are in demand. Approximately 12.5 million high school and college students are enrolled in CTE across the Nation. But Federal investment in this area has de-creased, actually, since 2011, and the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act hasn’t been authorized since 2006. I am hoping that we are going to be able to see this act reau-thorized very soon. Perkins is the primary Federal in-vestment in CTE, and the most impor-tant thing that we can do to support CTE across the country, to support stu-dents and businesses across the coun-try, is to reauthorize this legislation. It needs to be updated for our changing economy, and funding for CTE pro-grams must be increased to support growing programs across the Nation. Last Congress, I know that the House overwhelmingly passed the bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical Education Act, and I call on my col-leagues to do the same in this Congress as well. It was, in some ways, a rare moment of bipartisanship in the Con-gress and a great example of how we can work together. Hopefully, that will lead to other things as well. H.R. 2353 recently passed unani-mously by the Education and the Workforce Committee, and it is, again, the product of an inclusive and thoughtful process. I commend the chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee and the ranking member and all of the members on both sides of the aisle for working so closely together—again, a very com-plicated piece of legislation that passed unanimously out of committee. So, again, I thank my fellow CTE Caucus co-chair as well, Representative T
HOMPSON from Pennsylvania, for all of his great work on this bill. He is a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and he is the co-chair of the CTE Caucus. We work in lockstep on these matters. It has been a pleasure to work with him. I am grateful for his leadership, along with many other colleagues. It makes many necessary updates to Perkins, with an emphasis on training students for the skills that they will need in high-growth economic sectors. The bill contains several important re-forms, including increasing collabora-tion between education and industry, expanding student access to appren-ticeships, supporting career counselors, and aligning State performance indica-tors with local labor markets, among other things. Unfortunately, at a time when it is more crucial than ever to invest in CTE, the President’s budget has pro-posed, though, a budget for fiscal year 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.093 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4809 June 8, 2017 
2018 that cuts Perkins State grants by 15 percent. That is more than $168 mil-lion across the country. In Rhode Is-land, that Perkins funding cut would mean a cut of more than $800,000. If en-acted, the President’s budget would not only slash a crucial investment in our students, but it would deeply hurt busi-nesses. If we want businesses to come back to the country from overseas, if we want to relocate those jobs here, we need to make sure that we have the workforce that can actually do the jobs that would be available and that are, in fact, available right now. This is the time to invest in work-force development, not undermine it. Demand for CTE is growing from stu-dents and industry, and our economy desperately needs it. Madam Speaker, in closing, let me just say that I encourage my col-leagues to prioritize CTE. It matters for your constituents, and it yields big returns for our States’ economies and for our Nation’s economy as a whole. Put simply, providing workers with the skills necessary to thrive in the econ-omy is essential to our economic pros-perity. It is the right thing to do, giv-ing our workers the skills they need for jobs that pay. Mr. SMUCKER. Madam Speaker, I thank Representative L
ANGEVIN . His points are very good. We appreciate his leadership as co-chair of the CTE Cau-cus and for the work that he has done in bringing this bill to the point where it is now. He is right. It was passed unani-mously out of the Education and the Workforce Committee. We thank the chair of the committee for making that a priority. We hope it passes the floor of the House—it did, of course, last ses-sion—and then we hope it becomes a priority for the Senate as well. It is im-portant. He has mentioned some of the schools, the institutions, in his dis-trict. I have talked about some in mine. I have heard from all of them. Not only have they given input into the bill itself and how we can improve the entire system across the country, but they have also talked about the importance of the grants that are pro-vided to them through the Perkins Act. Reauthorization will be very beneficial in keeping those grants going, in pro-viding the help that we can from the Federal level. So I thank him. Madam Speaker, as I conclude with my remarks, I would first, again, like to thank all of my colleagues who have participated in this bipartisan Special Order. It is really, as we have seen, a bipartisan issue here. I thank Congressman K
RISHNAMOORTHI for helping to colead this and for cosponsoring the bill, along with Congressman T
HOMPSON . In my own background, I was some-one with a nontraditional education. I recognize the importance of providing our constituents with educational pathways that provide them the skills necessary to launch successful careers. In my experience, I know firsthand what it is like to work a full-time job while attending school, and I believe that it is important that we accommo-date the needs of many different types of students that are ready to learn and willing to work. So, again, I am excited and very happy to cosponsor and support the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bill empowers State and local community leaders. It improves align-ment with in-demand jobs, those jobs that we have been talking about. It in-creases transparency and account-ability, and it ensures a limited Fed-eral role, putting the decisionmaking where it should be. Madam Speaker, I mentioned before, but, in closing, I thank my Pennsyl-vania colleague, Representative G.T. THOMPSON , for his leadership on this critically important legislation. The level of support for strengthening ca-reer and technical education among my colleagues in the House and on a bipar-tisan basis is absolutely outstanding, and I am very eager to continue finding new ways in which we can grow CTE and apprenticeship programs and ex-pand access for Pennsylvania’s working people to allow them to help achieve the American Dream. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. 
f 
PROGRESSIVE CAUCUS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Mary-land (Mr. R
ASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. Mr. RASKIN. Madam Speaker, I am delighted to be here on behalf of the Progressive Caucus. This is our Special Order hour. We have decided to devote our remarks this evening to the testi-mony of former FBI Director Comey, who testified in the U.S. Senate today. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. RASKIN. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Maryland? There was no objection. Mr. RASKIN. Madam Speaker, today, America watched former FBI Director Comey offer his testimony before the Senate Select Committee on Intel-ligence. It was a dramatic and serious moment in the history of our country and in the unfolding of the crisis re-lated to the investigation of Russia’s involvement in the U.S. election and then the firing of General Flynn by President Trump. b1745 This was the first time that Director Comey spoke publicly about his firing by President Trump and the investiga-tion since he left the FBI, and his testi-mony confirmed much of what has been reported about the matter. Now, what any reasonable-minded observer would have to conclude after watching the testimony today, after reading Mr. Comey’s testimony, is that President Trump was trying mightily to use his office and his influence to get Director Comey to drop the inves-tigation of General Flynn, his former National Security Advisor. Indeed, President Trump as much as said so when he said that he had fired Director Comey because he was unhappy about the Russian investigation and, presum-ably, the Russian investigation into General Flynn. Now, Madam Speaker, distinguished colleagues, look how far we have come over the last several months. The President of the United States hired a National Security Advisor after being warned not to by the former President of the United States, by then-President Obama. That National Security Advi-sor lasted a total of 24 days in office, when it was determined that he had lied to Vice President PENCE about his dealings with Russia. And then later we learned that he was a registered for-eign agent, or he registered retro-actively as a foreign agent, an agent for a foreign government. Now, think how dramatic this sequence of events is. Imagine, if you will, if President Barack Obama had met with Attorney General Eric Holder and Vice President Joe Biden and FBI Director Comey in his office and then asked Vice Presi-dent Biden and Attorney General Hold-er to leave his office, saying that he wanted to speak alone to the FBI Di-rector, and then proceeded, essentially, to tell FBI Director Comey that he wanted him to drop the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, saying, you know, ‘‘Hillary Clinton’s a good woman. She’s a good person, and I hope you can just let the investigation into her emails go. Just let it go,’’ and to demand repeatedly for absolute per-sonal loyalty. Now, as it happened, Director Comey refused to take a vow of absolute loy-alty to the President. After all, he takes an oath of office to the Constitu-tion of the United States and the peo-ple of the country, so he couldn’t say that he would give absolute loyalty to the President of the United States. That is not consistent with our con-stitutional form of government. But imagine that this had happened under the Obama administration. Obama had made a similar demand of FBI Director Comey who was inves-tigating, after all, Hillary Clinton’s emails, had dismissed the Vice Presi-dent and the Attorney General to have a one-on-one conversation, and then said, ‘‘I really hope that you let this go,’’ using the full trappings of his of-fice and his influence to try to get the FBI Director to drop the investigation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.095 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4810 June 8, 2017 
If that happened, I dare say that every Member of this body, every Mem-ber would have recognized that as an attempt to obstruct justice by the President of the United States, and lots of Members certainly would have been calling for impeachment of Presi-dent Obama for interfering with an on-going investigation by the FBI. Well, what is happening now in Con-gress? Well, lots of our colleagues are mur-muring a defense of President Trump saying: Well, it doesn’t look good and maybe he shouldn’t have done it, but he is new to government. Trump is new to Washington. He is not schooled in the ways of Washington, it is being said. He is actually a breath of fresh air that he doesn’t know how Wash-ington operates. I think that that completely confuses the question. Dear colleagues, Madam Speaker, the law against obstruction of justice in the United States, which is a felony criminal offense, 18 U.S.C. 1503, applies against experienced govern-ment officials and inexperienced gov-ernment officials. It applies to all citi-zens of the United States. It applies to people who have worked in Washington their whole life and people who have worked in Washington for several months. In fact, it applies to people across the country. It is not a law that applies just in the District of Columbia. It applies in New York. It applies in Mar-a-Lago. It ap-plies in California. It applies every-where. No American citizen can interfere with the due administration of justice, whether it is trying to persuade a juror to do a certain thing, whether it is try-ing to influence a judge in a particular case, or whether it is trying to get a prosecutor to drop an investigation into a particular person or into an en-tire subject matter. No one has the right to interfere with the due administration of justice in America. That is both a criminal statu-tory principle in 18 U.S. Code. It is also a constitutional principle, which is well recognized because democracy, our constitutional democracy, depends upon the rule of law; and there is no rule of law if there is no evenhandedness and no impartiality in the administration of justice. No one has the right to interfere with justice. Now what should be done about this? Nobody quite knows what to do at this point. We do have a special coun-sel, Mr. Mueller, who has been ap-pointed, and that is good, but what he is looking for is counterintelligence in-formation, and he is looking for pos-sible criminal activity. But if we take a step back, what is all of this really about? I was very pleased that former Direc-tor Comey talked about this in his tes-timony today. What this is about was a concerted, deliberate, comprehensive effort, orchestrated from the very top of the Russian Government, to inter-fere with the U.S. election. That is something now that former FBI Direc-tor Comey has spoken about publicly, and it is something that 18 of our intel-ligence agencies have reported to Con-gress and the American people in a public report with a high degree of cer-tainty that there was an orchestrated campaign to undermine and subvert our campaign, starting at the highest levels of the Russian Government. That took place, okay? So the criminal or counterintel-ligence investigation doesn’t go to the question that has got to concern us in Congress, which is the threat to our democratic form of government. As FBI Director Comey restated today, 2016 could just be a dress rehearsal for what is coming at us in 2018 and 2020. The intelligence agencies said that they would try to do it again. Russia is no match for the military might of the United States of America. Russia is no match for the economic might of the United States of America. Russia’s autocratic, kleptocratic, dic-tatorial-style government is no match for the constitutional democracy that we have built up in the United States of America. But the Russians have fig-ured out a way to use the internet to try to penetrate the democracies of the world on the cheap. It is not that ex-pensive to have paid trolls to orches-trate fake news and propaganda and to try to distort the electoral process in the United States of America—or in the Netherlands, or in France, or in other countries around the world. Now, we don’t have all of the facts. That is why what we need is an inde-pendent, outside investigation by a commission that we set up outside of Congress—no Democratic Members of Congress, no Republican Members of Congress, no elected officials. What we will put on there are statesmen and stateswomen who are experienced in questions of democracy and foreign policy, who are trusted, and we will ask them to give us the kind of report that the 9/11 Commission gave to us but about what happened in the 2016 election and how do we prepare to stop it from happening again to us in the fu-ture. Now, notice that you can support this, and I think you should support this, whether or not there was any col-lusion by anybody within the Trump administration. You can be completely convinced that there was collusion be-tween particular members of the Trump administration or Trump cam-paign and Russia or you could be com-pletely convinced that there was no collusion at all, that they knew noth-ing about those efforts. It doesn’t make any difference. There was still a mas-sive assault on American democracy, and we have got to respond to it. That is why I think the pathway for-ward for us now is for both sides in Congress, both parties, to come to-gether and to act in a patriotic way, not in a partisan way, to say let’s cre-ate an objective, disinterested, outside commission to get to the bottom of what happened to us in this election. And we will let, for the time being, the Department of Justice and Special Counselor Mueller deal with the ques-tion of criminal culpability and crimi-nal deeds, but that is of less impor-tance, in truth, than the integrity of our political institution and the future of American democracy. There is the question which remains unresolved and, at this point, still rel-atively untouched, about what is so special about Michael Flynn. We have a President who is unafraid to offend anybody. He told our best al-lies in the world in NATO that NATO is obsolete. I think he has changed course on that, but he was very willing to ba-sically wave off the importance of NATO. He was willing to tell one of our big-gest trade partners in the world, Mex-ico, that he was going to force them to build a wall on the border, force them to pay for it. And again, I think he seems to have backtracked from that. I don’t know where he stands on that now. He was willing to insult and affront the Government of Australia, which has been a great ally of America. He had a TV show called ‘‘You’re Fired,’’ so he is not afraid of offending people, and we see him offend people all of the time and pick fights with people all of the time. He picked a fight with Meryl Streep. He is willing to tweet at anybody. But suddenly, with Michael Flynn, this disgraced National Security Advi-sor whom he fired, President Trump goes to great lengths to try to interfere in an ongoing investigation which I think everybody can recognize is ob-struction or attempted an obstruction of justice. He interferes with the FBI Director in a really astonishing and unprecedented way to try to get Flynn carved out of the investigation. Why? What does Flynn know? What is the nature of their relationship such that the President goes to such ex-traordinary lengths to carve him out from the investigation? That is something that we are going to need to get to the bottom of because democracies operate on the truth. Truth is built into our system. That is why we have judges and we have juries. That is why we have due process. That is why we have congressional oversight over the President of the United States. That is why all of us in public service swear an oath to the Constitu-tion. The truth means something in a democracy, so we are going to have to get to the bottom of that. But, in the meantime, Congress can act effectively and in a unified way. And I was encouraged by what both Re-publican and Democratic Senators on the Senate committee today were say-ing, which is that everybody agreed, or at least a lot of them agreed, that there had been this unacceptable as-sault on the electoral institution of our political democracy in 2016, and we have got to prevent it from happening again. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.097 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4811 June 8, 2017 
We need to have a bipartisan, or non-partisan, independent commission out-side of Congress to study exactly what happened and to report back to us about what we need to do to build up our defenses so our democracy is as strong as our economy and as our mili-tary. So our democratic institutions need to be fortified against subversion, against hacking, against cyber propa-ganda and fake news and so on. Madam Speaker, I am going to call up and invite the very distinguished Congresswoman from Seattle, Wash-ington, P
RAMILA JAYAPAL , who has been a terrific leader for human rights and for democracy in the U.S. House of Representatives since her arrival in January. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
b1800 FORMER FBI DIRECTOR COMEY’S TESTIMONY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. J
AYAPAL ) is recognized for the re-mainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative R
ASKIN for his leader-ship in the House. It has been a great honor to co-chair the CPC Special Order hour here every week on the floor. Since I have just been elected the first vice chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus, I, unfortunately, won’t be continuing to do that. But I am still going to be right here for these Special Order hours, because I do think that they are an important oppor-tunity for Members to talk about issues all at once, and to kind of pick an issue, and then to focus on it. Obviously, today, we are talking about the testimony from former FBI Director James Comey. This was high-ly anticipated testimony, and I would be willing to guess that a lot more peo-ple, perhaps, even watched the testi-mony than watched the inauguration. But I think we learned a great deal from former Director Comey. I appre-ciate that he was willing to come and testify, and he said some very impor-tant things. In that testimony, Mr. Comey con-firmed that President Trump sought to influence the FBI investigation into his campaign’s ties to Russia, includ-ing that of Michael Flynn. While the President had claimed that he did not ask former Director Comey to drop the investigation, Mr. Comey actually testified under oath that Trump’s directive was clear, and that this was apparently so off-putting that he began to memorialize their meet-ings. Every single meeting he had with President Trump, he would have the meeting and then go back to the car and immediately take notes on the meeting, and that is troubling. That was something that former Di-rector Comey never did with previous administrations. And one of the things that stuck out to me in his testimony is that he had actually asked—he felt so uncomfortable with the interactions that he was having with the President, because I think the American people need to understand, the FBI is built to be an independent organization. The reason that the term of the FBI Director is 10 years is because it was a signal from Congress that even though the FBI Director does serve at the pleasure of the President—and Mr. Comey was clear about that in his tes-timony today—the President has the ability to hire and fire the FBI Direc-tor. But the reason Congress signaled through legislation that the term of the FBI Director should be 10 years was because they wanted to send a signal that this body is incredibly important, and the independence of this body is in-credibly important. The fact that Mr. Comey, as FBI Di-rector, felt so uncomfortable about these interactions with the President— nine interactions with the President. I think he had only two interactions with President Obama during his entire term, and yet, in just the first few months, he had nine interactions with President Trump. He actually asked Attorney General Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein not to leave him alone with the President. That is really a remarkable, scary thing that he would have to ask for that, and it certainly should have raised some red flags and should have triggered some action from the Attor-ney General, or the Deputy Attorney General. It did not. He never received an answer to that. Mr. Comey also said that he expects the special counsel’s investigation to look into the possibility that Trump’s actions were an obstruction of justice. He said that this did fall within the in-vestigation scope. So while he didn’t directly say that Trump was directly under investigation, he did say that the President’s behavior does fall with-in the investigation’s scope. That, frankly, does nothing to dispel any concerns that are out there amongst the American people, and many of us in Congress, that President Trump’s campaign did not collude with Russia. Apparently, he did not seem particu-larly concerned about whether or not Russia did interfere in the elections but was more interested in whether or not his circle of friends, Michael Flynn, was under threat. Former Director Comey also con-firmed that Michael Flynn is under criminal investigation, and he raised more questions about Attorney Gen-eral Jeff Sessions. As I have spoken about on the floor before, Attorney General Sessions should not have been involved in the firing of James Comey in the first place. He had recused himself from all things related to the investigation into the campaign’s ties to Russia because of his involvement with the Trump campaign, and so that was good. We thought that was a very good move that he made to recuse himself, but then he immediately went and was di-rectly involved in the decisionmaking around the person who was leading the investigation, in fact, involved in the decision to fire the person who was leading the investigation. Mr. Comey also hinted that Jeff Ses-sions had more contact with the Rus-sians than maybe we even knew about. He could not speak to that in a public setting. He said that is for a classified setting, but, obviously, that raises a lot more questions, and the American people certainly deserve the truth. One of the biggest takeaways from the testimony was this: President Trump gave many changing reasons as to why former Director Comey was fired. And former Director Comey spoke to this today. He said, at first, it was because it was the handling—it was because of Comey’s handling of the Clinton emails. Then it was that he had lost the support of the FBI agents, something that James Comey re-sponded to, and said: ‘‘Those were lies, plain and simple.’’ Actually, Mr. Comey spent quite some time really acknowledging the work of the organization, the FBI orga-nization, and the agents, and every-thing that he has done. I certainly got the impression that he felt very deeply upset by any indication that perhaps it was because his agents didn’t want him to be there. What Mr. Comey pointed to is that eventually the President, in his own words, admitted that he fired James Comey over the Russian investigation, and then, right after that, actually said to the Russians that the pressure has now been taken off now that Comey has been fired. Those are all in-credibly disturbing. And I am sad, Mr. Speaker, that the Republicans—some Republican col-leagues, not all, but some—have tried to dismiss the President’s actions as ‘‘mistakes made by a new President who is learning how to do his job.’’ Speaker P
AULRYAN went so far as to say: ‘‘He is new at government. There-fore, I think he is learning as he goes.’’ This is just 1 day after the Speaker said that it is obviously—that was his word—not appropriate for the Presi-dent to ask for Mr. Comey’s loyalty. So which one is it, Mr. Speaker? It is un-acceptable to excuse the President’s actions simply because he is not a ca-reer professional, especially when we are talking about something of this magnitude—the magnitude of inter-ference in our election process in the United States of America by a foreign government. We do not have any information still about all of the ways in which a Presi-dent of the United States, this Presi-dent of the United States, may be in-debted to some foreign government be-cause of their actions with the elec-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:28 Sep 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JUNE\H08JN7.REC H08JN7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4812 June 8, 2017 
It has been repeatedly reported that the President does not sit for briefings, does not read the reports that are pro-vided to him, does not stick to speech-es on policies that are written for him, and, frankly, shows very little interest in participating in the administrative responsibilities that most Presidents go through in order to learn what is a very big job. Yes, the job of the President of the United States is a very big job, and anybody who gets into that job, just as I do in this body as a new Member of Congress, we try to learn the rules. We go to the people who know the most. We ask them to give us briefings. We suck up as much information as we possibly can so that we understand both content and process. But, unfortunately, this President has not done any of that, and he has made many unforced errors. Frankly, he has put our national security at risk by giving secrets away to Russia, in-sulting key allies who have now said that they won’t share information with us because they don’t trust that we are going to be able to keep it secret. NATO and our allies in the European Union, where I just came back from, everybody around the world is unsure of what leadership, if any, to expect from the United States of America. Angela Merkel said it the best when she said: We can’t rely on anybody else anymore. And she said: We, as a Euro-pean Union, have to just come together and rely on ourselves. And while that is great for the Euro-pean Union, I am glad that there is something that has happened here that has drawn the European Union to-gether. It is an incredibly important entity for the world and has been doing remarkable work. But what I would hope, Mr. Speaker, is that countries around the world know that the United States is going to continue to take global leadership, is going to continue to demonstrate that global leadership, and, most of all, is going to be trusted to make relationships and respect the rules of those relationships. The American people are aware that the President’s background is not in politics. However, the White House is not ‘‘The Apprentice.’’ Had a new em-ployee in The Trump Organization made as many errors as have been made in this administration, he would have been fired a long time ago. The American people deserve better. And not only do we demand that the President not intervene in any nega-tive way in Director Mueller’s inves-tigation—and we are very pleased that Director Mueller has been appointed. I believe that was an incredibly impor-tant step that Assistant Attorney Gen-eral Rod Rosenstein took to appoint somebody with the credibility that Mueller has—but we hope that this in-vestigation will continue, because I think it is important for the American people to understand that this is not an independent investigator, or pros-ecutor. This is special counsel. So that still means that anything that Director Mueller finds in his find-ings, his reports, they do get run up the chain of command at the Department of Justice. So if you watched yester-day’s Senate Intelligence Committee hearings, you might have seen Senator K
AMALA HARRIS discuss this and ask Rod Rosenstein if he could assure that there really would be independence, that neither Rosenstein nor Jeff Ses-sions would get involved in trying to change or influence, in any way, what-ever Director Mueller comes up with. She was not given that assurance yesterday, unfortunately, and so we still don’t know. But we have to hope and believe that the President and this administration will preserve the inde-pendence of the special counsel and will take all of the findings and the recommendations as to what they are presented and not try to change them. I really believe, Mr. Speaker, at this point, that while the special counsel is an important step forward, I join my colleague Mr. R
ASKIN and many others in this caucus, in our Democratic Cau-cus, in calling for a special commis-sion, an independent commission, simi-lar to the 9/11 Commission, filled with citizens—not with Members of Con-gress but with respected citizens—and people with expertise, as well as those citizens, to actually come together and think not only about the immediate impact of how we get to the bottom of what has happened, but, really, how do we prevent this going forward? What we are talking about is the sanctity of our democracy; we are talk-ing about whether our elections can be free of influence from other countries; we are talking about if an American citizen casts a vote here in the United States for the President of the United States, that that vote is not being in-fluenced by a foreign government who has hacked our elections, or worked in collusion with a campaign for the President of the United States; and that ultimately, whoever we select, whether it is this President or any President in the future, that that President must be responsible to the American people. That is what democracy is about. We don’t want any President, now or in the future, to ever be in a situation where there is information that can be used against them, where they could be blackmailed, leveraged, or where they are actively colluding with any govern-ment outside of this country. These are our elections. It is what makes this country great. It is why so many people from all around the world look at America with tremendous grat-itude, with tremendous respect, even awe for the way in which we have con-structed our democracy. That is part of what goes on in this Chamber, and we need to know that the election of the President of this great country is al-ways an election that the American people have faith in, and that democ-racy is preserved. Mr. Speaker, I think what James Comey’s testimony showed us today is, we got a lot of answers, but we didn’t get enough answers. There is still more information that we need to find. There is more information that the Senate Intelligence Committee needs to find. There is more information that the President may have to provide, and there is more information that the American people are going to demand in order to ensure that we get to the bottom of where we are, that we get an independent commission established, and that we allow Director Mueller, in his investigation, to proceed without any interference. That is the least that we have to be willing to do, and we have to be willing to put country above party as we try to ensure that we understand exactly what has happened. The American peo-ple deserve that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back. f 
b1815 FORMER FBI DIRECTOR COMEY’S SENATE TESTIMONY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
OHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, it is in-deed an honor to come before and stand before the Speaker and stand on this floor where so much great debate has occurred over the decades, even back to 150 years ago. Now, I have been heard to say over the last few days a number of times that I thought the Comey testimony was ultimately the most overhyped event since Y2K, much ado about noth-ing, but one thing came through very, very, very clearly. I didn’t watch the testimony. I was busy presiding over a hearing involving the Justice Depart-ment and grants to local communities and how that money is being spent, but I have gone back and been reviewing the testimony. The thing that strikes me most clearly is that our President, Donald J. Trump, is one of the most perceptive, intuitive leaders this coun-try has ever had. He wasn’t sure, appar-ently, if he could trust Comey. Now, we have heard from a lot of other people in the administration, some still there, some not. This issue about the President’s concern for loy-alty with Comey indicates our Presi-dent’s gut instinct was right on. He was dealing with an FBI Director who was such a political animal that he would listen to the Attorney General of the United States and instruct him to change his testimony to—I would sub-mit, when you know it is an investiga-tion that you are engaged in, looking at the emails and the potential crimi-nality of Hillary Clinton, and your boss, the Attorney General, said: No, no, no—obviously it is an investiga-tion—call it a matter. Nobody calls the FBI investigations matters. So he has no problem chang-ing his statement from the truth to po-litical manipulation to cover for Hil-lary Clinton and to immediately do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.100 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4813 June 8, 2017 
what his boss tells him to do: Lie about it. You know it is an investigation and I know it is an investigation, but we need you to lie about it. Just call it a matter. I have dealt with some of the finest people I have known in my life that happened to work for the FBI at the time we were working together. I worked with them, and I have never, ever in any Federal court setting or Federal investigation setting heard any FBI agent in charge—field agent, leader in the FBI, the Justice Depart-ment—call an investigation a matter. But Mr. Comey is such a political ani-mal that he was willing to salute not the flag, but Hillary Clinton and Loret-ta Lynch and change what he knew to be the truth so that his answer was more misleading. So it is really interesting. Comey used the word, or said that Trump used the word, hoped that he would let it go. Let’s visit the Constitution briefly here. The Constitution does not men-tion an Attorney General. The Con-stitution does not mention the Federal Bureau of Investigation and does not mention a Federal Bureau of Investiga-tion Director. It mentions Congress, it mentions the courts, and it mentions the executive branch, the President. It doesn’t mention FBI Director, Attor-ney General. It is the President, under our Constitution, who is charged with seeing to the prosecution or the failure to prosecute as he believes is appro-priate. So, of course, somebody had to have been committing crimes in the Fast and Furious project, whatever you want to call it. I am not sure what it was. It sure appeared to be a criminal enterprise with people involved from DOJ conspiring to make sure that weapons got into the hands of crimi-nals, which, in and of itself, was a crime. We also know that by the Depart-ment of Justice’s representatives get-ting involved during the Obama admin-istration as part of this Fast and Furi-ous effort, they called it, guns got into the hands of criminals, and Brian Terry was killed, a Federal agent doing his job. There is no indication that if the Department of Justice had not forced those guns to be sold and to get into the hands of criminals that Brian Terry would not be dead. If the Department of Justice had not forced this issue, forced guns into criminals’ hands, we may very well have been hearing Brian Terry testify a number of times instead of pointing back toward his murder at the hands of criminals who our Department of Jus-tice representatives under Eric Holder got guns to. It might have been good to have a special counsel in the Fast and Furious investigation—or, as Loretta Lynch and Mr. Comey liked to use to deceive people, matter, Fast and Furious mat-ter—because the truth is they didn’t do much of an investigation. We saw emails indicating that there was an effort to try to use getting those guns into the hands of criminals, drug cartels, as an excuse to take away law-abiding Americans’ Second Amend-ment rights and continue to pursue that effort. We also know that the IRS had peo-ple who were working to prevent con-servatives from having an effect in the 2012 election the way they did in 2010. As the movement was growing, the Obama administration used the IRS as a political weapon to disarm those who would bring together funds and try to defeat President Obama in a second term. That certainly deserved a special counsel since all we seemed to get in our investigations from Congress’ angle was a coverup. It harkens us back to the Clinton ad-ministration when this tactic was dis-covered by people within the Clinton administration: Just cover things up. Just deny, obfuscate, and refuse to allow people to see the documentation. Destroy it after somebody dies. Get the records out of their office before any-one else has a chance to properly inves-tigate what happened. Somebody is alleged to have killed themselves at Fort Marcy Park. Then as I heard from my friend Dan Burton, they were questioning the person that supposedly found the body out there: Well, that is not where it was. That is not where the gun was. Everything ap-pears to be changed. Well, the Clinton administration dis-covered this wonderful tactic of obfus-cating: just keep denying and denying the ability to get information and records, and if you do it long enough, you run out the clock and people don’t get prosecuted. We have seen that occur for 8 years. There were very, very serious matters in which somebody committed crimes. We didn’t get a special investigator. We didn’t get a proper investigation. We got a stonewall protecting those who must have done wrong. I am hop-ing the current Attorney General will dig and people that are responsible for crimes will be held to account. But the fact is it is the President’s obligation under the Constitution to either pursue people or not pursue peo-ple. That is why, even though many of us were extremely upset that President Obama kept pardoning people who were convicted felons, and as much as it upset us that he, in a literal sense, not only obstructed justice, he destroyed it, unfortunately, the President has au-thority to demand people not be pros-ecuted. So we heard new priorities around the country when President Obama took office. He didn’t want his Justice Department spending a lot of time on enforcing drug laws. It turns out they hardly ever prosecuted. Compared to other administrations, they hardly ever prosecuted criminal gun viola-tions—far fewer than past administra-tions—because what they wanted to do was allow the gun crimes to continue to ratchet out of control and then use that to demand more gun control when they weren’t even using the laws that were in effect. Instead of enforcing the laws in effect, they continued to de-mand more gun control. Just enforce what we had. Most all the crimes that were brought up during that period were crimes already with-out any other gun control laws needing to be passed and signed into law. Just enforce what we have. But that wasn’t happening. Nobody stood up and said President Obama should be prosecuted for obstruction of justice, because as distasteful as it was to me and so many others, the Presi-dent has a right to set priorities as to what his prosecutors will pursue and what will be left alone. So it is interesting on the Flynn matter. President Trump had every right to say: Look, I am giving a par-don, a pass, to this person and to that person. Let’s move on. I hope you will find something else to do. Trump didn’t even do that. President Trump said he hoped, an aspiration, but there was no obstruction of justice. How do we know that? Because we have found, through the testimony of former Director Comey, an incredibly innate ability to see everything through a political lens instead of a law-and-order lens. That is why he could have one Attorney General tell-ing him, ‘‘Change what you are going to say so it deceives the public,’’ and that is not a problem, we don’t do a memo about that, but another Presi-dent indicates: He is concerned about my loyalty and he brings it up, so I better do memos so that I can take him down later because he doesn’t trust me. b1830 Well, for good reason. The loyalty was to Loretta Lynch, the loyalty was to Hillary Clinton, the loyalty was to Barack Obama. And Trump, what an incredible in-nate ability. He knew Comey was not a loyal, law-and-order man. He would twist the truth, as he was directed by someone else, but he would also twist an untruth through, hurting the cur-rent President. It appears President Donald J. Trump was exactly right in firing Comey. We didn’t need to continue to have a politically astute diplomat wannabe running our FBI. We needed somebody that was law and order, no matter what. Alan Dershowitz is a staunch Demo-crat, but through the years and with the things I disagreed with him on, I know he is a smart man. Here are some of the things he tweeted out: ‘‘Comey says he understood word ‘hope’ to be a direction. If so, why didn’t he tell the President that such a direction would be violation of DOJ rules?’’ Well, here, again, the fact is, if Direc-tor-at-the-time Comey believed there was any effort to obstruct justice, then he was committing a crime, a felony, by not reporting it. I was surprised that he went as far as he did today—because he did—by push-ing as hard as he did on this idea that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.102 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4814 June 8, 2017 
saying ‘‘hope’’ might have been a direc-tion. The more he pushed that, the more he exposed himself to prosecution for a felony because he didn’t report it. But the truth is, even though he wrongly believed that there was some-thing—a violation of law or obstruc-tion—it wasn’t. If he honestly believed that, he had to report it, and he didn’t. Oh, yeah, he did a memo. I wonder if we would have ever seen that memo if he had not been fired. I can guarantee if he had not been fired, from what we have now learned today, you can count on the fact that he, as Director of the FBI, would make memos any time it might help him harm President Donald Trump, but he would continue not to do memos when somebody, a Democrat, told him to mislead the public. Alan Dershowitz said: If President commits independent crimes, for exam-ple, Nixon telling the staff to lie to the FBI, that is a crime. You can’t tell somebody to commit a crime, even if you are President. Alan Dershowitz said: Paying dollars to silence witnesses is a crime. You can’t commit a crime or tell somebody to commit a crime even though you are President. That is ob-struction. You should be prosecuted. Mr. Dershowitz said: ‘‘Comey con-firmed my view that, under the Con-stitution, the President would have the authority to order FBI Director to stop investigating Flynn.’’ He would. Just as Barack Obama says: I pardon you, I am taking away the justice that has been done in your case. I am obstructing justice. In pardon after pardon, he obstructed justice. But when a President does it, as Obama did being President Obama, it was not a crime when he pardoned people. Now, if you have a President that has somebody rich, whether that is their name or just their monetary status, and they give you a bunch of their richness and you pardon them, then you may have sold part of your office, which could very well be a crime, and probably is. But in the case of President Obama, there is no indication anybody paid him to pardon people. If nobody paid him, he just did it because he thought it was a good idea to have people in-volved with drugs out on the street again, or people at Guantanamo Bay back killing Americans. If he thinks that is a good idea, then he can legally obstruct justice, which President Obama legally did time and time again. Alan Dershowitz also says, talking about Comey: ‘‘He confirmed that the President can order anyone to be inves-tigated or not be investigated.’’ Dershowitz also said: ‘‘Comey stated the constitutional principle: President has authority to direct FBI to end a criminal investigation. Can also pardon anyone, ending investigation.’’ There is somebody on the internet that goes by the pseudonym ‘‘Ace of Spades.’’ This guy has a wicked wit. Ace of Spades sent out this tweet as if he is quoting Comey. These are Ace of Spades’ words—an interpretation of the testimony today—he says, Comey: Loretta Lynch told me to lie and I didn’t write that down, but I wrote down Trump’s stuff because I was afraid he would lie. Wow. It has got the networks all stirred up that former FBI Director Comey came in today and actually ex-posed the disloyalty to the President of the United States, to the Constitution, to the things he swore to uphold and protect. Let’s look at one other thing I hadn’t heard anybody else mention. When you have an attorney as the FBI Director and he is talking to the President of the United States, there is a privilege involved there. Even the least mod-icum of loyalty and honor and integ-rity would cause someone who is tak-ing an oath as an attorney, someone who has taken an oath as Director of the FBI, someone that knows their boss is the President and that all power is in the President for the executive branch and the FBI Director entirely gets his power from the President, it would be some smidgeon of honor to want to protect those private conversa-tions. As far as we know, they weren’t clas-sified, but it is something called privi-lege, it is something called loyalty, and it is something called honor. The testimony we heard today was the former FBI Director saying: When it came to President Trump, I wasn’t going to honor our privileged conversa-tions. I wasn’t going to honor the exec-utive privilege. I wasn’t going to honor the fact that my power as FBI Director and the authority to investigate some-one or not investigate someone is de-rived entirely from the President of the United States. I will honor a person that tells me to misrepresent the truth, but I am not going to honor someone who is concerned about fair-ness. Even though the FBI Director knows better than most anyone else there is no evidence of collusion between the Russians and Donald Trump, there is no evidence of collusion with anybody in the Trump administration at this time, yet there was no sense of loyalty there. Think of Shakespeare’s words and the sarcasm of Marc Antony. Brutus says he is an honorable man. They are all honorable men. These are honorable people who told me to misrepresent the truth to the American people and to the press. These are people that love me because I leak things. I was hoping for one question that I should have contacted one of my Sen-ator friends and told them to ask, be-cause I would like to know the truth. I know that my Democratic friends were so furious, just livid at Comey when, just days before the election, he an-nounces he is reopening the investiga-tion. The rumor around here was that there were FBI agents who had been in-vestigating and they knew that Hillary Clinton had violated the law all kinds of ways. Intent was not an issue. She had taken classified material into an unclassified computer and sent it to unclassified computers. Comey said: Clean bill of health. Ev-erything is good. And they knew it wasn’t good. So when they saw this was the rumor floating around, I would like to know the truth. You know some FBI agents had to have found Anthony Weiner’s computer and found tens of thousands of emails that we were told had been destroyed. Oh, we can’t get those tens of thou-sands of emails. They are gone. And then they found them. Not only were they not in a classified area, not in a SCIF, not in a classified connection, laptop, not even in a government em-ployee’s laptop. They were on the laptop of someone who had shown the worst judgment in the world. You want to talk about the potential for blackmailing—although, probably by this time, I don’t know what you would have to come up with to black-mail him, because it is pretty well all out there. Nonetheless, all of these emails were found that were supposed to be gone. There is absolutely no ques-tion that some of them came to Hillary Clinton, were sent to an unclassified setting, and now, not only that, they are in the hands of Anthony Weiner, who has had his own criminal justice issues. The rumor continued that we had such honorable FBI agents that they said, in essence: Mr. Director, clearly, this is criminal material and evidence. If you don’t announce you are reopen-ing the investigation, we are going to resign, have a press conference, and show the world that you have been cov-ering for Hillary Clinton the whole time. Now, that was the rumor. If that were true, and, under those type cir-cumstances, Director Comey then rushes out just days before the election and said, I am reopening the investiga-tion because we found these emails, then that would make sense. He cer-tainly would want FBI agents to com-pletely destroy any election chances just days before the election of Hillary Clinton. If Director Comey went out and said: I am reopening the investigation, even though Republicans were rejoicing and Democrats were livid, as I pointed out to someone back at the time in the media, I guess it could hurt Hillary Clinton. But if Director Comey comes out a day or two before the election and says there is nothing here, clean bill of health, Hillary Clinton is great, no problems, when we knew he didn’t have time, nobody had time to adequately review the tens of thousands of emails, you could run a few algorithms. Real law enforcement means looking at the evidence line by line—I have known people who did it; I have done it in a civil setting—until you find the smok-ing gun. But you have got to go 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.104 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4815 June 8, 2017 
through the monotony of reviewing each of those. b1845 They had no time to do that, and yet former Director Comey came out, clean bill of health. It could not have been discerned in that amount of time like that. So it appeared pretty clearly the reason he said we are reopening the case was so he could say we closed it, to eliminate any chance of even a non- FBI person who comes forward and says, you know, there are classified emails that ended up on Anthony Weiner’s computer that came from Hil-lary Clinton, to Huma, and to Weiner. There were crimes here, and the FBI Director is covering for him. That would likely have brought down Hil-lary Clinton much worse than the de-feat she suffered. So it is just interesting, but, Mr. Speaker, the irony with which former Director Comey’s testimony drips this evening is that our President, Donald J. Trump, he has got good gut in-stincts. He had concerns that former Director Comey was disloyal, was ma-nipulative, that he may be someone that the United States Government should not trust, and it turns out President Trump’s gut instincts were exactly right. He committed no crime. That has be-come clear. And so now we expect we will see the media and my friends on the other side of the aisle quit talking about Russia—there is nothing there, there has been nothing there—unless we start looking at potential prosecu-tion for taking millions and millions of dollars from owners of Uranium One, who gave those to the Clinton Founda-tion, which then again ended up bene-fiting the Clinton family, and Hillary Clinton then approves Russia getting around 25 percent of our uranium pro-duction, to the potential detriment and, possibly in future altercations, death of Americans at the hands of the uranium that Hillary Clinton profited from potentially mightily, even if it wasn’t directly, and yet America suf-fered. Look, it is time to talk about real crimes, investigate real crimes, inves-tigate racketeer influence of corrupt organizations that would pay for peo-ple to commit violence at Trump events. Now we are talking. America deserves better, and thank God we are going to have a new FBI Di-rector. Former Director Comey did some good things while at the FBI, but, unfortunately, we saw the extent that politics tainted the Director today. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. C
LYBURN (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, June 12, 2017, at noon for morning-hour de-bate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
1547. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Pesticides; Certification of Pesticide Applicators Rule; Delay of Effec-tive Date [EPA-HQ-OPP-2011-0183; FRL-9963- 34] received June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 1548. A letter from the Chief Counsel, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Suspension of Community Eligibility (Erie County, PA, et al.) [Docket ID: FEMA-2017- 0002; Internal Agency Docket No.: FEMA- 8481] received June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 1549. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Energy Conservation Program: En-ergy Conservation Standards for Ceiling Fans [Docket No.: EERE-2012-BT-STD-0045] (RIN: 1904-AD28) received May 31, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1550. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation, and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s con-firmation of effective date and compliance date for direct final rule — Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Residential Central Air Conditioners and Heat Pumps [EERE-2014-BT-STD-0048] (RIN: 1904-AD37) received May 31, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1551. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Legislation, Regulation and En-ergy Efficiency, Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of En-ergy, transmitting the Department’s con-firmation of effective date and compliance date for direct final rule — Energy Conserva-tion Program: Energy Conservation Stand-ards for Dedicated-Purpose Pool Pumps [EERE-2015-BT-STD-0008] (RIN: 1904-AD52) received May 31, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1552. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Tennessee’s Re-quest to Relax the Federal Reid Vapor Pres-sure Gasoline Volatility Standard for David-son, Rutherford, Sumner, Williamson, and Wilson Counties; and Minor Technical Cor-rections for Federal Reid Vapor Pressure Gasoline Volatility Standards in Other Areas [EPA-HQ-OAR-2016-0631; FRL-9963-54-OAR] received June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1553. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of Nevada Air Plan Revisions, Clark County Department of Air Quality and Washoe County Health Dis-trict [EPA-R09-OAR-2016-0653; FRL-9963-43- Region 9] received June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1554. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions, Imperial County Air Pollu-tion Control District [EPA-R09-OAR-2016- 0318; FRL-9960-07-Region 9] received June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1555. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s direct final rule — Approval and Pro-mulgation of State Plans for Designated Fa-cilities and Pollutants: Colorado, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Utah, and Wy-oming; Negative Declarations [EPA-R08- OAR-2017-0171; FRL-9963-21-Region 8] re-ceived June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1556. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Nevada, Lake Tahoe; Second 10-Year Carbon Mon-oxide Limited Maintenance Plan [EPA-R09- OAR-2015-0399; FRL-9963-25-Region 9] re-ceived June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 1557. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; CT; Ap-proval of Single Source Orders; Correction [EPA-R01-OAR-2016-0648; A-1-FRL-9962-83-Re-gion 1] received June 2, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce. 1558. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Main Branch of the Chicago River, Chicago, IL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0196] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1559. A letter from the Attorney, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s tem-porary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mis-sissippi River, St. Louis, MO [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0319] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1560. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Special Local Regu-lation; Stuart, FL [Docket No.: USCG-2017- 0167] (RIN: 1625-AA08) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN7.105 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4816 June 8, 2017 
1561. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Tall Ships Charles-ton, Cooper River, Charleston, SC [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0121] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1562. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ten-nessee River 323.0-325.0, Huntsville, AL [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0336] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1563. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulation; Breakers to Bridge Paddle Festival, Lake Superior, Keweenaw Waterway, MI [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0170] (RIN: 1625-AA08) re-ceived June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1564. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0312] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1565. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; United Illuminating Company Housatonic River Crossing Project; Housatonic River, Milford and Stratford, CT [Docket No.: USCG-2016- 0825] (RIN: 1625-AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Transportation and Infrastruc-ture. 1566. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Special Local Regulations and Safety Zones; Annually Recurring Events in Coast Guard Southeastern New England Cap-tain of the Port Zone [Docket No.: USCG- 2016-1022] (RIN: 1625-AA08; AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure. 1567. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Buffalo Carnival; Buffalo Outer Harbor, Buffalo, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0408] (RIN: 1625- AA00) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1568. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Niagara River at Niagara Falls, New York [Docket No.: USCG-2015-0492] (RIN: 1625-AA00) re-ceived June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure. 1569. A letter from the Attorney-Advisory, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Special Local Regu-lation, Temporary Anchorages and Safety Zones: Sail Boston 2017; Port of Boston, MA [Docket No.: USCG-2016-0949] (RIN: 1625- AA08; AA01; AA87) received June 1, 2017, pur-suant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1570. A letter from the Attorney-Advisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s temporary final rule — Regulated Navigation Area; East River, Brooklyn, NY [Docket No.: USCG-2017-0434] (RIN: 1625- AA11) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 1571. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Secretary, Employment and Training Ad-ministration, Department of Labor, trans-mitting the Department’s final rule — Fed-eral State Unemployment Compensation Program; Middle Class Tax Relief and Job Creation Act of 2012 Provision on Estab-lishing Appropriate Occupations for Drug Testing of Unemployment Compensation Ap-plicants (RIN: 1205-AB63) received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1572. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Procedure 2017-38 (Rev. Proc. 2017-38) (RP-113603-17) received June 6, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 1573. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Renewable Electricity Pro-duction and Refined Coal Production, and Publication of Inflation Adjustment Factor and Reference Prices for Calendar Year 2017 [Notice 2017-33] received June 1, 2017, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 1574. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Credit for Carbon Dioxide Sequestra-tion; 2017 Section 45Q Inflation Adjustment Factor [Notice 2017-32] received June 1, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. 1575. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, transmitting OMB’s final sequestration report for fiscal year 2017, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 904(f)(1); Pub-lic Law 99-177, Sec. 254 (as amended by Public Law 112-25, Sec. 103); (125 Stat. 246) (H. Doc. No. 115—46); to the Committee on the Whole House on the State of the Union and ordered to be printed. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. R
OSKAM , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina): H.R. 2823. A bill to amend the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subse-quently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for him-self, Mr. BURGESS , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R
EED, Mr. M EEHAN , Mrs. N OEM, and Mrs. W
ALORSKI ): H.R. 2824. A bill to amend title V of the So-cial Security Act to extend the Maternal, In-fant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. M
CCAUL (for himself and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana): H.R. 2825. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to make certain im-provements in the laws administered by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Home-land Security. By Mr. LABRADOR (for himself, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and Mr. S MITH of Texas): H.R. 2826. A bill to provide for an annual adjustment of the number of admissible refu-gees, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary. By Ms. D
ELBENE (for herself, Mr. W
ALZ, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. P ETERS , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. K USTER  of New Hampshire, Mr. T
AKANO , Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H
ECK, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. E VANS , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. R USH, Ms. M ENG, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
INEMA , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P
OCAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. N
ADLER , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. T
SONGAS , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L
YNCH , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mrs. D AVIS of Cali-fornia, Mr. R
UIZ, Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. B EN R
AYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. P ERL-
MUTTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali-fornia, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. J
UDY CHUof Cali-fornia, Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. E
NGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. B
EYER , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. M OORE , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. L OF-
GREN , Mr. K IND, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. R
ASKIN ): H.R. 2827. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend and expand the mem-bership of the Advisory Committee on Mi-nority Veterans to include veterans who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 2828. A bill to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. N
ADLER , and Mr. C OSTA ): H.R. 2829. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to strengthen enforcement of spousal court-ordered property distributions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.000 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4817 June 8, 2017 
By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, and Mr. M AST): H.R. 2830. A bill to authorize methane leak detection and mitigation research activities by the Department of Energy; to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself, Mr. M
CCAUL, and Mr. D ONOVAN ): H.R. 2831. A bill to improve the port and maritime security functions of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a pe-riod to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Mr. JORDAN (for himself, Mr. B
RAT, Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. M
EADOWS ): H.R. 2832. A bill to help individuals receiv-ing assistance under means-tested welfare programs obtain self-sufficiency, to provide information on total spending on means- tested welfare programs, to provide an over-all spending limit on means-tested welfare programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committees on Agriculture, En-ergy and Commerce, Financial Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. SCHNEIDER (for himself and Ms. T
ENNEY ): H.R. 2833. A bill to require the President to assess the effects of the sale or export of major defense equipment to countries in the Middle East on the qualitative military edge of Israel, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois (for himself and Mrs. N
OEM): H.R. 2834. A bill to improve the well-being of, and improve permanency outcomes for, children and families affected by heroin, opioids, and other substance abuse; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BRAT (for himself and Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida): H.R. 2835. A bill to amend the Small Busi-ness Act to waive the guarantee fee for loans of not more than $150,000 provided to vet-erans and spouses of veterans under the Ex-port Working Capital, International Trade, and Export Express programs; to the Com-mittee on Small Business. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. C
RIST): H.R. 2836. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit against tax for hurricane and tornado mitigation ex-penditures; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Mr. K
EATING ): H.R. 2837. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to grant family of members of the uniformed services temporary annual leave during the deployment of such mem-bers, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2838. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure access to acupuncturist services through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2839. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to ensure access to qualified acupuncturist services for military members and military dependents, to amend title 38, United States Code, to ensure access to acupuncturist services through the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for coverage of qualified acupuncturist serv-ices under the Medicare program; to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the appointment of qualified acupuncturists as officers in the commissioned Regular Corps and the Ready Reserve Corps of the Public Health Service, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Veterans’ Affairs, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Ms. L
EE, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. S COTT of Vir-ginia, Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mrs. C ARO-
LYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mrs. B
USTOS , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K IL-
MER, Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. P AL-
LONE , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. M
CGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H
UFFMAN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C OO-
PER, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C
ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. Y AR-
MUTH , Mr. S ERRANO , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. B
ASS, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. F
UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. W
ELCH , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. S EAN P
ATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. D
ELBENE, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T
EDLIEU of California, Mr. T
HOMPSON of California, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. S MITH of Wash-ington, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. M ENG, Mr. C AS-
TRO of Texas, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. K IND, Ms. E STY of Con-necticut, Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. L AW-
RENCE , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. P
ANETTA ): H.R. 2840. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to ensure that each individual who provides identifying information to the State motor vehicle authority is automati-cally registered to vote in elections for Fed-eral office held in the State unless the indi-vidual does not meet the eligibility require-ments for registering to vote in such elec-tions or declines to be registered to vote in such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. CICILLINE (for himself, Mr. E
NGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. K EATING , Ms. L
OFGREN , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. S WALWELL of Cali-fornia, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. E
VANS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY  of New York, and Ms. J
UDY CHUof California): H.R. 2841. A bill to prevent a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, or received an enhanced sentence for a misdemeanor because of hate or bias in its commission, from obtaining a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for him-self and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illi-nois): H.R. 2842. A bill to provide for the conduct of demonstration projects to test the effec-tiveness of subsidized employment for TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself and Mr. K
ENNEDY ): H.R. 2843. A bill to amend titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act to establish a comprehensive and nationwide system to evaluate the quality of care provided to beneficiaries of Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program and to provide in-centives for voluntary quality improvement; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. D
EGETTE (for herself, Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B UCK, Mr. L
AMBORN , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. P
OLIS): H.R. 2844. A bill to authorize 2 additional district judgeships for the district of Colo-rado; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ESPAILLAT (for himself, Mr. K
ILDEE , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S
ERRANO , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. N
ORTON , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S
HEA-PORTER , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. B LUNT  R
OCHESTER , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 2845. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to support early college high schools and dual or concurrent enrollment programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FARENTHOLD (for himself and Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ): H.R. 2846. A bill to require the collection of voluntary feedback on services provided by agencies, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. By Mr. FASO (for himself, Mr. R
EED, and Ms. B
ASS): H.R. 2847. A bill to make improvements to the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program and related provisions; to the Com-mittee on Ways and Means. By Mr. GALLEGO (for himself and Mr. S
WALWELL of California): H.R. 2848. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to allow qualified entre-preneurs to temporarily defer Federal stu-dent loan payments after starting a new business; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana (for him-self, Mr. R
ICHMOND , Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. H
IGGINS of Louisiana): H.R. 2849. A bill to provide emergency tax relief for persons affected by severe storms and flooding occurring in Louisiana; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. JONES (for himself and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 2850. A bill to establish the Military Resale Patron Benefits Advisory Commis-sion, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:56 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.100 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4818 June 8, 2017 
By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Miss R ICE of New York, Mr. G
OODLATTE , and Mr. G
OWDY ): H.R. 2851. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on En-ergy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself, Mr. J
ONES , and Mr. P ETERS ): H.R. 2852. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to require certain tax ex-empt organizations to certify that foreign funds will not be used to make any contribu-tion or expenditure in connection with any election in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be sub-sequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KIND (for himself, Mr. R
EED, Ms. D
ELBENE, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. S CHRA -
DER, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
OURTNEY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. G
IBBS, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. T HOMAS J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. A RRINGTON , Mr. B
LUM, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. S
TIVERS , Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York): H.R. 2853. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to make qualified biogas property and qualified manure resource re-covery property eligible for the energy credit and to permit new clean renewable energy bonds to finance qualified biogas property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Com-mittee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington (for himself, Mr. V
EASEY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. B
EATTY , Mr. T
HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. B ISHOP  of Georgia, Mr. B
LUMENAUER , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
ARBAJAL , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C
LAY, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C RIST, Mr. C
UMMINGS , Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D
ELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. H ECK, Mr. H
IMES, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. K AP-
TUR, Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M
EEKS , Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. R USH, Mr. S
EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R
YAN of Ohio, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. T
ORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W
ILSON of Florida, Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
IND, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. S
OTO, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. O’R
OURKE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. C
LYBURN , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. T
ONKO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. T
EDLIEUof California, Ms. F
UDGE , Mr. K EATING , Ms. L EE, Mr. KENNEDY , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B
UTTERFIELD , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. D
AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G RI-
JALVA , and Mr. P ALLONE ): H.R. 2854. A bill to amend the Help Amer-ica Vote Act of 2002 to permit an individual who is subject to a requirement to present identification as a condition of voting in an election for Federal office to meet such re-quirement by presenting a sworn written statement attesting to the individual’s iden-tification, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida (for him-self, Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. A
DAMS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. L EE, Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsyl-vania, Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mr. E VANS , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. C
A´RDENAS ): H.R. 2855. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to enhance Social Security benefits and maintain the commitment and the long-term solvency of the Social Secu-rity program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. M
CHENRY (for himself, Mr. V
ARGAS , Mr. R OYCE of California, Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , Mr. E MMER , Mr. S HER-
MAN, Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. S CHNEI -
DER): H.R. 2856. A bill to provide for nonpreemp-tion of measures by State and local govern-ments to divest from entities that engage in commerce-related or investment-related boycott, divestment, or sanctions activity targeting Israel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself and Ms. J
UDYCHUof California): H.R. 2857. A bill to support foster care maintenance payments for children with par-ents in a licensed residential family-based treatment facility for substance abuse; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. L
IPINSKI , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL ): H.R. 2858. A bill to establish a task force to review policies and measures to promote, and to develop best practices for, reduction of short-lived climate pollutants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. POLIS (for himself, Mr. M
ESSER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. T
AKANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ABLAN , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois): H.R. 2859. A bill to amend the Higher Edu-cation Act of 1965 to establish demonstration projects for competency-based education; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. C OLE): H.R. 2860. A bill to amend title II of the So-cial Security Act to permit American Indian tribal councils to enter into agreements with the Commissioner of Social Security to ob-tain social security coverage for services performed by tribal council members; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 2861. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide incentives for States to accept professional credentials related to military training and skills that are ob-tained by members of the Armed Forces while serving in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. SIMPSON (for himself, Mr. SCHRADER , Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. W ALDEN , Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. L
ABRADOR , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. N
EWHOUSE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. S INEMA , and Mr. S TIV-
ERS): H.R. 2862. A bill to provide for wildfire sup-pression operations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in ad-dition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 2863. A bill to provide for consistent and reliable authority and funding to meet conservation and deferred maintenance needs affecting lands under the administra-tive jurisdiction of the Department of the In-terior and the Department of Agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH ): H.R. 2864. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to allow certain issuers to be exempt from registration re-quirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 2865. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a credit for em-ployer-provided job training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SMUCKER (for himself and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama): H.R. 2866. A bill to review and improve li-censing standards for placement in a relative foster family home; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. TORRES (for herself, Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S
OTO, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mrs. D IN-
GELL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. G
ARAMENDI , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. N
ORCROSS ): H.R. 2867. A bill to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to establish a pilot program to facilitate education and training programs in the field of advanced manufacturing; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 2868. A bill to protect National Flood Insurance Program policyholders from un-reasonable premium rates and to require the Program to consider the unique characteris-tics of urban properties, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
56. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the Commonwealth of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.100 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4819 June 8, 2017 
Pennsylvania, relative to Senate Resolution No. 126, designating May 2017 as ‘‘Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis Awareness Month’’ in Pennsylvania; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 57. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Hawaii, relative to Senate Con-current Resolution No. 78, endorsing Tai-wan’s participation as an observer in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, International Civil Avia-tion Organization, World Health Organiza-tion, and International Criminal Police Or-ganization, and supporting the 24th anniver-sary of sister-state relations between the State of Hawaii and Taiwan Province of the Republic of China; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. 58. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Reso-lution No. 35, supporting the current federal prohibition on new oil or gas drilling in fed-eral waters offshore California; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 59. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Missouri, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 4, requesting the Congress of the United States call a conven-tion of the states to propose amendments to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 60. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Michigan, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 2, to express sup-port for the construction of a new lock at Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, and urge the President and Congress of the United States to fully fund the project; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 61. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Territory of Guam, relative to Resolu-tion No. 25-34 (COR), expressing support for the passage of H.R. 809, the ‘‘Fighting For Orange-Stricken Territories In Eastern Re-gions (Foster) Act’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas introduced a bill (H.R. 2869) for the relief of Enrique Soriano and Areli Soriano; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 2823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska: H.R. 2824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. M
CCAUL: H.R. 2825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LABRADOR: H.R. 2826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 Clause 4 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. DELBENE: H.R. 2827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. NEWHOUSE: H.R. 2828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, Congress may enact laws necessary and proper to the execution of its enumerated powers. As this legislation solely amends the amount of time available for execution of previously granted authority, it is merely technical in nature and an appropriate exercise of Con-gress’ authority to amend its previous ac-tions through necessary and proper statutes. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 2829. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 2830. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 (relating to interstate commerce) By Mr. RUTHERFORD: H.R. 2831. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. JORDAN: H.R. 2832. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the people, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitu-tion. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 2833. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois: H.R. 2834. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I of the Constitution and its subse-quent amendments and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mr. BRAT: H.R. 2835. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, under the ‘‘Power To lay and col-lect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’. By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 2836. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority to law and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 2837. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Con-stitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Im-posts and Excises, to pay the Debts and pro-vide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2838. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 2839. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 2840. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. CIC1LLINE: H.R. 2841. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CURBELO of Florida: H.R. 2842. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the com-mon Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 2843. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Ms. D
EGETTE: H.R. 2844. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 9, which states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To constitute Tribunals inferior to the su-preme Court.’’ Article III, Section 1 states that ‘‘The judi-cial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one supreme Court, and in such in-ferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish.’’ By Mr. ESPAILLAT: H.R. 2845. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, section 8, clause 18: The Congress shall have Power—To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Offi-cer thereof or Article One of the United States Constitu-tion, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power—To regu-late Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the In-dian tribes; By Mr. FARENTHOLD: H.R. 2846. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.001 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4820 June 8, 2017 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. FASO: H.R. 2847. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GALLEGO: H.R. 2848. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: —Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana: H.R. 2849. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. JONES: H.R. 2850. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article 1, Section 8, Congress has the authority to make rules for the govern-ment and regulation of the land and naval forces and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execu-tion the foregoing powers. By Mr. KATKO: H.R. 2851. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 2852. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. KIND: H.R. 2853. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 ‘‘All Bills for raising Revenue shall orginate in the House of Representatives’’ By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 2854. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1—All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. By Mr. LAWSON of Florida: H.R. 2855. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for car-rying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitu-tion in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. M
CHENRY: H.R. 2856. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 2857. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. PETERS: H.R. 2858. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of US Constitution By Mr. POLIS: H.R. 2859. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitu-tion By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 2860. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Con-stitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Con-gress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (re-lating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. RUSSELL: H.R. 2861. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 2862. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ By Mr. SIMPSON: H.R. 2863. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: ‘‘The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Arti-cle I, section 8 of the United States Constitu-tion, specifically clause 1 (relating to pro-viding for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations re-specting the territory or other property be-longing to the United States).’’ By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 2864. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1. Section 8. By Mr. SIRES: H.R. 2865. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to clause 3(d) (1) of rule XIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Con-stitution. By Mr. SMUCKER: H.R. 2866. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution By Mrs. TORRES: H.R. 2867. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: According to Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitu-tional Authority of the United States Con-gress. Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Pow-ers, and all other Powers vested by this Con-stitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 2868. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas: H.R. 2869. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the U.S. Constitution (‘‘The Congress shall have the power to establish a uniform rule of natu-ralization . . .’’). f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 36: Mr. K USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 38: Mr. S
CHWEIKERT . H.R. 76: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 102: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 103: Mrs. B
EATTY . H.R. 113: Mr. E
VANS and Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 305: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 358: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 367: Mr. C
ONAWAY , Mr. H UIZENGA , Mr. S
CHWEIKERT , and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 389: Mr. K
INDand Ms. T ITUS. H.R. 398: Mr. M
ARINO , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M EE-
HAN, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 535: Mr. D
IAZ-BALART . H.R. 539: Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 635: Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts and Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 646: Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 664: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 667: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 669: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 747: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Ms. K ELLY of Il- linois, Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, Mr. V
ELA, and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 758: Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 770: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 790: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 816: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 820: Mr. K
INZINGER . H.R. 830: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 848: Mr. C
OMER , Mr. S MITH of Mis- souri, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 849: Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. L
AHOOD, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L UETKE -
MEYER , Mr. B UCK, Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. M
CSALLY , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. S CALISE . H.R. 850: Mr. S
MUCKER . H.R. 852: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 873: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 909: Ms. C
LARKE of New York and Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 927: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 930: Mr. K
EATING , Mrs. M CMORRIS  R
ODGERS , and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 931: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 959: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Mr. R USH, and Mr. D ANNY K. D
AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 964: Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 996: Mr. R
YANof Ohio and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1017: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. L AHOOD. H.R. 1057: Mrs. D
EMINGS , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. R
UTHERFORD , Mr. R OYCE of California, Ms. K
APTUR , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 1090: Mr. K
INZINGER and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 1094: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1098: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. N OLAN , and Mr. A
BRAHAM . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.035 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H4821 June 8, 2017 
H.R. 1120: Mr. K INGof New York. H.R. 1143: Mr. R
ASKIN . H.R. 1164: Mr. B
ARLETTA and Mr. M ARCH -
ANT. H.R. 1225: Mr. K
IND. H.R. 1231: Mr. H
ASTINGS . H.R. 1239: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N
ORCROSS , and Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 1243: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 1247: Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. S OTO, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1267: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 1311: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mrs. H
ARTZLER , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1316: Mr. P
ALAZZO and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 1318: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. S ERRANO . H.R. 1322: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 1358: Mr. D
EFAZIO and Ms. B ARRAGA ´N. H.R. 1368: Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 1415: Mr. D
ONOVAN . H.R. 1422: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1441: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. C OLE, and Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 1444: Ms. S
TEFANIK , Mr. G ALLEGO , and Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 1484: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 1494: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. C LAY, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. S
HUSTER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1519: Mr. D
EFAZIO. H.R. 1552: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 1566: Mr. W
ELCH . H.R. 1626: Mr. W
ENSTRUP , Mr. M ESSER , and Mr. H
ILL. H.R. 1645: Mr. E
MMER , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 1649: Mr. P
AYNE , Ms. A DAMS , and Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1661: Ms. J
AYAPAL , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B
UCHANAN , and Mr. Rimes. H.R. 1671: Mr. S
MITH of Missouri. H.R. 1681: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K
ILMER , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , and Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 1697: Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. W AL-
DEN, Mr. U PTON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. S HIM-
KUS, and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 1698: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. A
MODEI , and Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1699: Mrs. R
OBYand Mr. D EFAZIO. H.R. 1712: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1719: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1727: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1734: Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 1777: Mr. L
AHOOD. H.R. 1802: Mr. K
INGof New York. H.R. 1810: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio and Mr. C OFF-
MAN. H.R. 1825: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. G
ALLEGO , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. E
MMER , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. M
URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1847: Ms. E
SHOO , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland. H.R. 1874: Mr. J
OHNSON of Ohio, Ms. K AP-
TUR, and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 1904: Mr. S
ESSIONS . H.R. 1920: Mr. M
EEHAN . H.R. 1953: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Mr. K
INZINGER , and Mr. G RIFFITH . H.R. 1955: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 1988: Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 2011: Mr. S
MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 2062: Mr. S
HERMAN and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 2063: Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2091: Mr. D
ESANTIS . H.R. 2147: Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 2148: Mr. B
ARR. H.R. 2149: Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D
AVIDSON , Mr. I SSA, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. PITTENGER , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. Y
OHO, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. H.R. 2158: Mr. S
WALWELL of California and Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2207: Mr. P
RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 2224: Mr. H
UDSON . H.R. 2248: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2260: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 2262: Mr. L
OWENTHAL . H.R. 2307: Mr. D
EFAZIO, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mrs. C
OMSTOCK . H.R. 2309: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2315: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. B OST, and Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 2318: Mr. P
ALLONE and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 2322: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 2340: Mr. V
ALADAO . H.R. 2370: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 2387: Mr. P
ALLONE . H.R. 2392: Mrs. T
ORRES and Mrs. B EATTY . H.R. 2414: Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. M CGOVERN . H.R. 2421: Mr. R
YANof Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2422: Mr. R
OUZER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. H
ASTINGS , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. F
OSTER , and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2428: Ms. K
APTUR . H.R. 2431: Mr. R
ATCLIFFE . H.R. 2432: Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2452: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2476: Mrs. D
INGELL , Mrs. N OEM, Mr. R
OEof Tennessee, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 2484: Mr. D
ENT. H.R. 2495: Mr. C
RIST, Mr. G OSAR , Ms. R
OSEN , Ms. S HEA-PORTER , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. S
HUSTER , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 2505: Mr. C
ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 2514: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H.R. 2519: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and Mr. C
OLLINS of New York. H.R. 2523: Mr. P
ANETTA . H.R. 2526: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 2532: Mr. T
AKANO and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2544: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2550: Mr. A
GUILAR . H.R. 2583: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2587: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2589: Mr. S
ENSENBRENNER . H.R. 2591: Mr. W
EBSTER of Florida and Mr. C
OLE. H.R. 2598: Mr. D
ESAULNIER , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, and Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois. H.R. 2603: Mr. C
RAWFORD . H.R. 2640: Mr. R
USH, Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 2645: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 2652: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H.R. 2659: Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, and Mr. R
OSS. H.R. 2660: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 2668: Mr. N
OLAN . H.R. 2670: Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2690: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2703: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Ms. S
A´NCHEZ . H.R. 2713: Mr. S
TIVERS . H.R. 2715: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2723: Mr. B
IGGS, Mr. B ISHOP of Michi- gan, Mr. P
ALMER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. G
OSAR , and Mr. B RIDENSTINE . H.R. 2729: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. J
AYAPAL . H.R. 2746: Ms. L
EE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. K
HANNA , and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2748: Ms. B
ORDALLO , Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. K
ILMER . H.R. 2756: Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 2759: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2760: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2761: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 2762: Mr. W
ALZand Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 2765: Mr. M
AST. H.R. 2777: Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas. H.R. 2788: Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 2790: Ms. T
ENNEY and Ms. B ONAMICI . H.R. 2796: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2804: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2820: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 2822: Mr. D
UNN. H.J. Res. 51: Mr. D
ONOVAN , Mr. S ENSEN -
BRENNER , Mr. B UCK, Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. S
CALISE . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. H
ARRIS . H. Con. Res. 44: Mr. S
MITH of Washington. H. Con. Res. 62: Mrs. N
OEM. H. Con. Res. 63: Ms. G
ABBARD , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania, Ms. M
OORE , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
RIST, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. L
OFGREN , and Ms. M ENG. H. Res. 58: Mr. W
EBER of Texas and Mr. K
INGof New York. H. Res. 128: Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. R
USH, and Mr. R ASKIN . H. Res. 188: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H. Res. 199: Ms. W
ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 201: Mr. S
CHNEIDER . H. Res. 256: Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn- sylvania and Mr. C
ALVERT . H. Res. 274: Ms. D
ELBENE. H. Res. 307: Mr. M
ITCHELL . H. Res. 317: Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, and Mr. S TEWART . H. Res. 318: Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California. H. Res. 319: Mr. B
ILIRAKIS . H. Res. 370: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, petitions and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
49. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Mayor and City Commission of Miami Beach, FL, relative to Resolution No. 2017- 29870, supporting United States Senate Bill 928, and related House Bill 2119, creating the Therapeutic Fraud Prevention Act of 2017; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 50. Also, a petition of the Council of the City of Warren, OH, relative to Resolution No. 4615/17, urging Ohio’s Governor, General Assembly, and the Congressional Delegation to declare the opiate epidemic an emergency, prioritizing the need of Ohioans impacted by opioid addiction by dramatically increasing investments in prevention, treatment, recov-ery support, education, and interdiction ef-forts to end this epidemic; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 51. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Wat-son, a citizen of Austin, Texas, relative to urging Congress to enact legislation that would establish uniform nationwide infra-structure and procedures for the holding of a Convention to propose an amendment to the United States Constitution, pursuant to Ar-ticle V; ; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 52. Also, a petition of the City Council of Walker, LA, relative to a Resolution, urging Congress to pass destination rate-based leg-islation that would give states the option to collect from remote online retailers the same tax that local brick-and-mortar mer-chants currently collect; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 53. Also, a petition of the Town of Shutesbury, MA, relative to a Resolution, calling on the Massachusetts Legislature and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:12 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN7.026 H08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH4822 June 8, 2017 
the United States Congress to implement Carbon Fee and Dividend (or ‘‘Rebate’’), placing a steadily rising fee on carbon-based fuels, and returning all fees collected, minus administrative costs, to households; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Member added his name to the following discharge peti-tion: 
Petition 1 by Ms. ESHOO on H.R. 305: Mr. Danny K. Davis of Illinois. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:15 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L08JN7.002 H08JNPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3345 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 2017 No. 98 
Senate 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable L
U-
THER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Faithful Father, as our lawmakers face the challenges of this day, infuse their minds with a renewed sense of how much You have invested in them. Lead them to live for Your glory, em-bracing Your vision for our Nation and world. Lord, guide and inspire them with the great plans You want to ac-complish through their work. May the knowledge that You are with them eviscerate fear, for You are our Lord and Savior. Help us all to surrender to Your transforming power so that Your will may be accomplished on Earth, even as it is done in Heaven. And, Lord, bless our wonderful pages as they prepare to leave Capitol Hill. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The legislative clerk read the fol-lowing letter: U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, June 8, 2017. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable L
UTHER STRANGE , a Senator from the State of Alabama, to per-form the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. STRANGE thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tem-pore. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
MEASURES PLACED ON THE CALENDAR—H.R. 1628 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I understand there is a bill at the desk due for a second reading. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will read the bill by title for the second time. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 1628) to provide for reconcili-ation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2017. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, in order to place the bill on the calendar under the provisions of rule XIV, I ob-ject to further proceedings. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Objection is heard. The bill will be placed on the cal-endar. 
f 
IRAN SANCTIONS BILL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, yes-terday, Senators voted on an over-whelming bipartisan basis—91 to 8—to advance critical legislation granting the administration more of the policy tools it needs to hold Iran accountable for its actions. We must now keep working toward final passage. The bill makes clear that Congress recognizes that Iran’s aggressive behavior and ef-forts to expand its revolution across the broader Middle East must be stopped. Unfortunately, the Obama adminis-tration’s desire to draw down our con-ventional military presence from the Persian Gulf and Iraq created the self- defeating imperative to avoid nation- state conflict at any cost, and they were reluctant to take any action that might upset the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—in other words, the so- called Iran deal. They kept this hands- off approach even when Iran supported terrorism and Shia militias and even as they harassed U.S. ships at sea—ac-tions that were not part of the nuclear program or the Iran deal. Advancing this bill makes the logical point that our Nation needs a com-prehensive strategy to deal with all areas of Iran’s aggression. It will give the current administration more of the tools it needs to take a stronger ap-proach than the previous administra-tion. It includes new mandatory bal-listic missile sanctions, new terrorism sanctions, and a mechanism to ensure better enforcement of the arms embar-go. These sanctions represent another key measure we can take now to keep American families safer and to support our allies over in that region. I want to again note the broad bipar-tisan support this legislation has al-ready received and encourage my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to continue working together so we can pass it. f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. On another mat-ter, Mr. President, just this week, Ohioans learned that a major insurer will exit their State’s ObamaCare ex-changes next year, leaving thousands in at least 18 counties without a single option—not one; not a single option— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.000 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3346 June 8, 2017 
in the marketplace. The State’s insur-ance department cites ObamaCare as the reason behind this troubling news, saying: 
Before the Affordable Care Act (ACA) Ohio had a very competitive health insurance market. [But] new regulations from [the] ACA have driven some companies out of Ohio and made it harder for them to do business, both of which have driven up the cost of health insurance in Ohio. 
Forcing insurance options out of the marketplace, making it harder for peo-ple to find coverage, driving up costs of health insurance—these are the results of ObamaCare in Ohio and across the country, and the pain is all too real for thousands of Americans like those the President visited with just yesterday. As he addressed a crowd in Cin-cinnati, the President shared the story of a small business owner from Louis-ville—my hometown—who, as the President said, is just one of the ‘‘many victims of the ObamaCare ca-tastrophe’’ forced on the American peo-ple. Before ObamaCare, this Kentuck-ian’s employees had access to multiple options for high-quality, affordable healthcare. Now, under the failed healthcare law, these workers face pre-miums that are 150 percent higher, while having fewer choices. To make matters worse, health insurance under ObamaCare has become so unaffordable that he now has difficulty creating new jobs that would employ even more Ken-tuckians. This Louisville man is not alone ei-ther. Just a couple of days ago, Dr. Tom Price, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, met with small busi-ness owners who have faced similar challenges because of ObamaCare, peo-ple like one Kentuckian from Rich-mond. Here is what this Kentuckian and founder of a CPA firm said of her experience with the failed healthcare law: 
Of all the clients that we see, there’s not one good story about ObamaCare. And it’s mostly without exception, horror stories of what has happened to themselves and their own employees. 
She, like so many others, knows that the so-called Affordable Care Act has really been anything but affordable for too many small business owners and their employees. These Kentuckians’ stories provide just a glimpse into the disastrous im-pacts ObamaCare has had on Ameri-cans across the country. Although some may try to paint a different pic-ture now, ObamaCare is responsible for the failures and the hurt it has cre-ated—not the American people, not those of us trying to help rescue fami-lies from this ill-advised law. Since ObamaCare was fully enacted in 2013, premiums have increased by an average of 105 percent and millions of Americans have lost their plans. This year, people in just under three-quar-ters of counties nationally have only one or two choices on the ObamaCare exchanges, and the situation is likely to only get worse next year. That is why Senate Republicans believe we must act. That is why we are working to keep our commitment to the Amer-ican people and finally provide relief from ObamaCare. This law has failed the American people, and the status quo is clearly unsustainable. As Senate Republicans continue our conversations on a path forward, I hope our Democratic colleagues will finally put aside their last-ditch efforts to sal-vage this failing law that is hurting so many people in the States they rep-resent. It is time to face reality, no matter how inconvenient it may be, and help those who are counting on re-lief from ObamaCare. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. 
f 
TESTIMONY OF JAMES COMEY Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, this morning the Intelligence Committee is hearing testimony from former FBI Di-rector James Comey. I hope and expect him to be as forthright and straight-forward as he can. The Senate and, by extension, the American people deserve to know the truth about Mr. Comey’s interactions with the President. Based on the opening statement Mr. Comey submitted to the committee, we know that he will confirm much of what we have already learned about the events of the past few months through the press. That is important in and of itself. Until now, we have read these reports with a healthy dose of skepticism, waiting for Mr. Comey to confirm or to refute their veracity. It appears the bulk of what we learned from the reports about Mr. Comey’s memos is true. The President asked Mr. Comey to pledge ‘‘loyalty’’ to the President and asked him if he could ‘‘let go’’ of an in-vestigation into one of the President’s close associates, former National Secu-rity Advisor General Flynn. That con-versation took place in a meeting dur-ing which the President raised the prospect of Mr. Comey not continuing in the job. The Senate appreciates this testi-mony. I am sure members of the Intel-ligence Committee will seek answers to many of the remaining and new ques-tions the testimony raises. There are so many questions that Mr. Comey’s testimony leaves hanging out there. Every single lead should be pur-sued. Let’s not lose sight of the very heart of this matter: a foreign adver-sary interfering with our democracy. There is an open counterintelligence investigation into whether members of the Trump campaign worked with that foreign adversary to help that cam-paign win the White House. This issue gets to the very foundation of our de-mocracy: free and fair elections and the rule of law. There is no process more sacred in democracy than the people exercising their voice at the ballot box. There is no principle more enshrined in our legal system than the principle that no one—no one—is above the law. Mem-bers of both parties should deeply care about getting the truth, whole truth, and nothing but the truth. I hope that spirit will direct Senators in their questioning today. f 
RUSSIA AND IRAN SANCTIONS LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, Sen-ators from both parties are negotiating the content of an amendment to the bill for tough, bipartisan Russia sanc-tions legislation. On the Democratic side, we feel very strongly that we need a tough, effec-tive package of Russia sanctions to move alongside Iran sanctions. I be-lieve many of my Republican col-leagues do, as well, so there is very likely an agreement to be reached. President Putin has violated the sov-ereignty of Ukraine by annexing Cri-mea. He has committed human rights abuses, including the propping up of the brutal Assad regime in Syria, of stifling political dissent and the rights of his own people, and our intelligence community has concluded that Russia made a direct assault on our democ-racy by conducting a campaign to interfere in our elections. That is why, principally, I proposed a vote on a bill put forward by my friend, the Republican Senator from South Carolina, Senator G
RAHAM . This is a bill that includes as its cosponsors Sen-ators M
CCAINand R UBIO on the Repub-lican side and Senators C
ARDIN , BROWN , and M
CCASKILL on the Democratic side. It is a strong bipartisan bill. The bill would establish a process for Congress to review any Russia-related sanctions relief. The President and ad-ministration officials have dem-onstrated they are willing to consider lifting sanctions on Russia in exchange for vague, yet-to-be-articulated conces-sions, if any concessions at all. Con-gress ought to have the power to re-view any decision made by this admin-istration before sanctions on Russia are lifted. Senator M
CCAINhas also introduced an amendment, along with Senator C
ARDIN , which would impose new sanc-tions on Russia. Given the revelations of Russian interference in our elec-tions, new sanctions are warranted in addition to the existing sanctions. In addition to the Graham-Cardin bill, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.001 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3347 June 8, 2017 
which should definitely be included, I hope Senator M
CCAIN’s proposal is part of our consideration of Russia-related sanctions as well. Chairman C
ORKER , Chairman C RAPO , Ranking Member B
ROWN , and Ranking Member C
ARDIN are in ongoing discus-sions, as are the majority leader and I, about the content of the Russia sanc-tions and amendment. I am hopeful that we can resolve this issue and vote to advance both measures. 
f 
HEALTHCARE LEGISLATION Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, my friends on the other side of the aisle continue to work on their healthcare bill behind closed doors. They haven’t made public a shred of bill text or even considered holding a committee hear-ing to debate the topic. Yesterday my friend the majority leader filed a mo-tion to bring TrumpCare directly to the floor, skipping the committee proc-ess. This is a party that screamed from the rafters ‘‘Read the bill, read the bill’’ when Democrats were putting to-gether the Affordable Care Act. We spent over a year debating that bill. We tried with a bipartisan group of six to come up with a solution. Republicans are putting together their bill in secret, with no Democratic input, and then will rush their bill to the floor without a single committee hearing, all in the span of 3 short weeks. This is a bill that will alter one- sixth of the American economy and af-fect tens of millions of American lives. For many, it will have life-and-death consequences. The way Republicans are crafting this legislation is pulling the wool over the eyes of the American people on one of the most crucial issues affecting their lives. Why? There is only one ex-planation: They don’t want the Amer-ican people to see their bill. They don’t want to go home to townhall meetings and let people give their opinions. Keep it under wraps, rush it through? There is only one good reason: They are not very proud of the product that they have put together. The Republicans know that even if they make some changes to the bill that came over from the House—they may increase subsidies a bit or lower the amount of tax breaks they give to millionaires—they will still wind up with a bill that is far worse than the status quo: higher costs, less care. That is because they are working from a fun-damentally flawed premise, which is to take support away from healthcare programs like Medicaid to give a tax break to the wealthiest Americans. Senate Republicans can nibble around the edges, but they will not be able to excise the rotten core of their healthcare plan. The House bill has the support of ap-proximately 18 percent of Americans. A majority of Democrats, Independents, and Republicans don’t like it. Don’t you get the message, my Republican friends? We understand the ideologues are telling you that you must repeal. But now that people have actually looked at repeal, they realize that is not the way to go. The right approach is not to move backward, not to undo all the progress we have made in healthcare over the past 8 years and start from scratch. The American people don’t want to go back to the days when an insurance company could discriminate against you because you have a preexisting condition or jack up your rates simply because you are older. That is not the kind of healthcare system the Amer-ican people want. But that seems to be what our Republican colleagues, in the dark of night, are considering. The right approach is to keep all the good things in the existing law and work in a bipartisan way to make more progress on lowering costs for con-sumers and improving the quality of care. Again, I urge my Republican col-leagues to drop their repeal efforts and, instead, work with Democrats on actu-ally improving our healthcare system. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I heard President Trump talk about Democrats being obstructionists yes-terday—out in Ohio, Kentucky—about a healthcare bill in which they are not asking for Democratic help or input. They are tied in a knot because their own party can’t agree on the tax bill. They again are not asking for Demo-cratic input. They are tied in a knot because their own party can’t agree. Now it looks as if they are doing the same thing on infrastructure. The President is in an ‘‘alter reality’’ world. He blames Democrats, but then his Republican colleagues, often at his instruction, are told not to work on the bill with Democrats. What is going on here? What the President tweets and talks about at his rallies and what is actu-ally happening are two different worlds—two different worlds. That is no good. It is no good for America, no good for the American people, and, frankly, no good for the President. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. 
f 
COUNTERING IRAN’S DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 722, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 110, S. 722, a bill to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes. 
Mrs. FISCHER. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. F
ISCHER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that notwith-standing rule XXII, at 1:30 p.m. today, the Senate proceed to executive session for the consideration of Calendar No. 99, the nomination of Scott Brown to be Ambassador to New Zealand; I fur-ther ask that there be 15 minutes of de-bate on the nomination equally divided in the usual form; that following the use or yielding back of time, the Sen-ate vote on confirmation with no inter-vening action or debate; and that, if confirmed, the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. R
OUNDS ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I think we all know that former FBI Di-rector Comey just completed his public testimony before the Senate Intel-ligence Committee. He testified about how President Trump asked him to pledge his loyalty to him personally and how the President asked the FBI to drop the investigation into former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn. We know that last December, Mi-chael Flynn had a discussion with the Russian Ambassador to the United States, Ambassador Kislyak, about dropping some of the economic sanc-tions that the United States has im-posed on Russia. We know that Michael Flynn subsequently lied about that conversation. We also know—and former FBI Direc-tor Comey discussed it today—that he was fired by President Trump after he refused to pledge his loyalty to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.003 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3348 June 8, 2017 
President and did not drop the inves-tigation into Michael Flynn. All of that has led to the appoint-ment of a special counsel, Bob Mueller, who has now taken over the executive branch portion of the investigation—an investigation which will likely go on for some time. It is essential for the good of the country that we get to the truth of what happened and get a full accounting and report. As that investigation proceeds, there is one thing that should not wait, which is really what I want to talk about today. It is the need to take ac-tion against Russia for interfering in our democratic process and in our elec-tions. There is no excuse for inaction on that front. We know that starting in 2015, Russia launched an unprecedented and multi-faceted campaign to undermine our elections—a view shared by our entire intelligence community. The Kremlin, according to former Director of Na-tional Intelligence Clapper, wanted to ‘‘undermine public faith in the U.S. democratic process.’’ This was and re-mains the unanimous verdict of the in-telligence community. We know that as part of this effort, Russia hacked the Democratic Na-tional Committee and the Clinton cam-paign. We know that Russia’s military intelligence unit, the GRU, then re-leased those emails to the public in in-crements which were timed to cause turmoil in the American electorate. Russia paid more than 1,000 people— human trolls—to work out of a facility in Saint Petersburg, Russia. These trolls spent their waking hours cre-ating anti-Clinton fake news reports and disseminating these stories in key states and districts. Russia also used thousands of botnets to echo and am-plify these fake news stories. Russia also targeted the election boards of nearly half the states in our country, successfully infiltrating at least four voter registration databases and gaining access to hundreds of thou-sands of voter records. They even at-tempted to infiltrate the Maryland State Board of Elections but were not successful. My point here today is not to debate the extent to which those Russian ac-tions impacted or did not impact our elections; my point is that there is unanimous agreement that they inter-fered in our democratic process and that tomorrow they could interfere in it for other purposes and other means. We know they have targeted Senators and Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle, and we can expect, espe-cially if we do not take action, that these attacks will only grow in pace and sophistication as we head into fu-ture elections. We also know that Russia’s attacks on democratic forms of government reach well beyond our own borders. The intelligence community has warned us that Moscow will apply the lessons learned from its Putin-ordered cam-paign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to future influence efforts worldwide, including against our allies and their election processes. In the months following our election, we have seen Russia use a similar dis-ruption strategy to try to undermine moderate candidates throughout Eu-rope, including elections in France and the Netherlands. The Kremlin has also targeted German Chancellor Merkel’s Christian Democratic Party and Ger-man State computers. The goal of these Russian attacks against our democracy and those of our allies is clear. In testimony before Con-gress this year, experts across the po-litical spectrum have stated that Rus-sia’s goal is straightforward—to under-mine confidence in our democratic process, generate doubt about the le-gitimacy of our elections, and under-mine the unity and resolve of the NATO alliance. They want to under-mine confidence in democracy and the unity that has been demonstrated through NATO over many decades. We have seen these unprecedented at-tacks on our democracy and on the de-mocracies of our allies. The world is looking at us—and I am sure many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are hearing from officials from around the world, including our NATO allies— and is asking: Why is it that the United States has not taken any action to pro-tect its democracy? Why haven’t we responded to an at-tack that goes to the heart of our democratic system of government? Why aren’t we working closely and ur-gently with our allies to prevent these efforts to subvert our elections? Why, instead, are we hearing reports that President Trump is considering giving back the use of properties that the Russians used to spy on us, including one in my State of Maryland, on the Eastern Shore? Following the overwhelming evi-dence of Russian interference in our elections, the Obama administration took some very limited measures to punish the Russians for those efforts, including denying them access to those properties. Those sanctions, of course, are on top of the already existing sanc-tions with respect to Russia’s actions in Ukraine. It is very important that we not talk about unwinding sanctions that have been put in place. That would only reward the Russians for the actions they have taken. Instead, we need to move on and pass legislation to send a clear message that we will sanc-tion Russia for the actions it took to undermine our democratic process right here at home. As our colleague Senator M
CCAIN said yesterday on this floor, ‘‘The United States of America needs to send a strong message to Vladimir Putin and any other aggressor that we will not tolerate attacks on our democ-racy.’’ This is the time for all Americans to be patriots and not partisans. So, as the Senate soon considers a measure relating to sanctions on Iran, it is im-portant that, at the same time, we enact sanctions against Russia for its violations of our democratic process. I am a cosponsor of a number of bills that have been introduced to impose sanctions on Russia for that inter-ference, and a number of those pro-posals are now being converted into amendments that will be offered. In ad-dition to those Russian sanctions amendments that have been proposed, I have filed two additional amendments to ensure that we as a nation are thinking strategically about our long- term approach to combatting Russia’s cyber warfare, that we are shoring up our own cyber defenses in advance of our next elections, and that we are not rewarding Putin for these attacks by returning the diplomatic compounds that he used to spy on us. My amendments would ensure that we have a concerted and unified strat-egy, developed with our NATO allies and European partners, to counter Rus-sia’s cyber attacks, including its ef-forts to undermine our democratic elections. We do not currently have any kind of coordinated, developed strategy here in our own country or with our NATO and other allies. My amendments would require the FBI to establish a high-level cyber se-curity liaison for Presidential cam-paigns and major national political party committees to ensure that we do not have a repeat of the 2016 elections or at least that we are prepared to con-front it. The liaison would share cyber threats as they arise and cyber secu-rity protocols with these organizations to stave off cyber attacks. These amendments would also pre-vent the executive branch from return-ing the diplomatic compounds that Russia used to spy on us. They would prevent the return of those compounds until the Secretary of State certifies that Russia is no longer conducting cyber attacks against the United States that threaten our national secu-rity, our economy, or our financial sta-bility. It is outrageous that this administra-tion is actually thinking of rolling back very modest sanctions that were put in place as a result of its attack on our democracy rather than joining us here in Congress on a bipartisan basis to make it clear that one cannot at-tack our democracy with impunity. Mr. Comey’s testimony today and the work of the committees here and of Special Counsel Mueller are part of an ongoing effort to determine whether there was any collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign. That investigation will continue. Peo-ple will investigate whether there are ongoing efforts to derail or disrupt or obstruct those investigations, and that will be a process which will play out over many months. But there is no rea-son to wait another moment before we take action on the question for which there is no dispute and no disagree-ment—the fact that the Russians inter-fered in our elections. Maybe yesterday 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.006 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3349 June 8, 2017 
they interfered because they had a preference for one candidate. Maybe the next time they will interfere be-cause they have a preference for an-other candidate or another party. The point is that, on this issue, we need to show unity. Our allies are asking us: How is it that you can sit on your hands and do nothing in response to what is an obvi-ous attack on your democratic process? How can you even be considering re-lieving sanctions on Russia after its at-tack on your democracy? I hope we will quickly take up legis-lation to impose sanctions on Russia, to send a strong signal to Russia and to our NATO allies and others around the world that we will not stand idly by when we have that kind of attack on our democratic process, that we will act, and we will act now. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. ISAKSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to consider the following nomination, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read the nomi-nation of Scott P. Brown, of New Hampshire, to be Ambassador Extraor-dinary and Plenipotentiary of the United States of America to New Zea-land, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador Extraordinary and Pleni-potentiary of the United States of America to the Independent State of Samoa. The PRESIDING OFFICER. There will now be 15 minutes of debate equal-ly divided in the usual form. The Senator from Arizona. Mr. FLAKE. Mr. President, I yield back all time. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Brown nomina-tion? Mr. FLAKE. I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There is a sufficient second. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEXANDER ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Tennessee (Mr. A
LEX-
ANDER ) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. MENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 94, nays 4, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 141 Ex.] YEAS—94 
Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Boozman Brown Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Franken Gardner Graham Grassley Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Leahy Lee Manchin Markey McCain McCaskill McConnell Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Stabenow Strange Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—4 
Booker Gillibrand Harris Schatz 
NOT VOTING—2 
Alexander Menendez 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. Mr. LEE. Mr. President, I ask unani-mous consent that the motion to re-consider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Under the previous order, the Presi-dent will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. 
f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION 
COUNTERING IRAN’S DESTA-BILIZING ACTIVITIES ACT OF 2017—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. 
PLANNED PARENTHOOD  
Mr. LEE. Mr. President, last year the Nation was shocked by undercover vid-eos produced by investigative journal-ists with the Center for Medical Progress exposing Planned Parent-hood’s sale of fetal body parts and the callousness with which Planned Par-enthood officials described their grisly work. As we know, as Planned Parenthood and its allies in the mainstream media hoped, outrage fades with time, and at-tention turns—but not for long, for the abortion industry and its profiteers are never really beset by scandal. They are a scandal. Just last month we got another re-minder about the reality behind the talking points. Once again, it was the undercover journalists of the Center for Medical Progress doing the inves-tigative journalism the mainstream media refuses to do. Once again, the video has been ignored by the pro-abor-tion media elite, whose principal inter-est is the story of the prosecution of the journalists for daring to speak this truth to their power. The American people and their rep-resentatives in the U.S. Senate deserve to know what the new video shows. It shows the founder of Planned Parent-hood’s Consortium of Abortion Pro-viders on a conference panel. She re-counts a harrowing experience while performing an abortion: ‘‘An eyeball just fell down into my lap, and that is gross.’’ Her remarks were greeted with laughter from the audience. It shows another Planned Parenthood doctor stating: ‘‘The fetus is a tough little object, so taking it apart in the womb is very difficult.’’ This comment echoes a previous un-dercover video in which a Planned Par-enthood doctor says that the bones of a 20-week old fetus were so strong that ‘‘I have to hit the gym for this.’’ The video shows the director of abor-tion services for Planned Parenthood Gulf Coast saying that she sometimes uses forceps to ‘‘pull off a leg or two’’ to ensure an unborn child dies before being born—in other words, to avoid the moment when our Nation’s laws might protect that child. The video shows the medical director of Planned Parenthood in Michigan talking about surprising common ground between abortion doctors and pro-life activists. We might actually both agree that there is violence in here. Let’s just give them all the violence, it’s a person, it’s killing. Let’s just give them all that. 
That is not what they say in public. It certainly isn’t what they tell their patients, the women who come into their clinics—just in private, at indus-try conferences, between networking opportunities and drinks at the open bar. Because they know—deep down, everyone knows the Center for Medical Progress videos shock, but they do not surprise. They don’t teach us anything we don’t already know. All they do is remind us of an inconvenient truth that demands our attention and our ac-tion. It is certainly stirring the pro-abor-tion political machine into action. As expected, the Center for Medical Progress is once again the target of criminal and civil investigations de-signed to intimidate further questions about the abortion industry’s methods and money. But the truth is out. It is there. As we know, threats and intimida-tion are tactics of guilt and despera-tion of the losing side in every battle 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.007 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3350 June 8, 2017 
that has ever been fought. If Planned Parenthood were what they have pub-licly declared themselves to be, they would welcome transparency. We all know why they hide because we know what they hide. The question, as always, is not what they will do, but what we will do. And the answer is always ‘‘as much as we can.’’ We can start by enforcing exist-ing abortion laws and by reforming others, for example, making the Mex-ico City policy permanent so taxpayer money is not used to promote abor-tions to disadvantaged people overseas or ending abortion after 20 weeks when unborn children begin to feel pain. We can confirm Federal judges who follow the Constitution rather than reverse engineer their preferred policy out-comes. The truth about abortion is spread-ing because of advances in medical im-aging, because of brave journalists, tireless activists, compassionate doc-tors, nurses, and other healthcare pro-fessionals. Statehouses are passing laws to protect American women and their children. The rising generation of young Americans is the most pro-life in decades because they know too. Little by little, the truth is fighting free, like green shoots through the frost. One day soon, we will reaffirm our Nation’s principles in their dig-nified fullness and avow, once again, that all men are created equal. All are entitled to life. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. C
APITO ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
REMEMBERING SAM R . BRICE AND HOWARD A . ‘‘
BUZZ’’ OTIS 
Ms. MURKOWSKI. Madam President, over the Memorial Day weekend, Alas-ka lost two really great men. These men were doers and they were builders in every sense of the word—both lit-erally and figuratively. They were fam-ily people, and they were the best of friends to one another and to so many of us. Today I wish to pay tribute to Sam R. Brice and Howard A. Otis—although, nobody called him Howard. We all knew him as ‘‘Buzz’’ Otis. I wish to take just a few moments this afternoon and tell Members of the Senate a little bit about these two very wonderful and great men. You really couldn’t find two more genuine Alaskans than Sam or Buzz. Yet neither was born in the State. They came to Alaska. Sam grew up in Florida. He was edu-cated at Columbia University in New York City. So he was a long way from New York City when he came to Fair-banks, AK. He served in the Marine Corps, and then he moved to Alaska to help his parents, Luther and helenka, establish a family construction busi-ness there in the Interior. The story is pretty legendary about his mother helenka. His mother spelled her name always with a lower case ‘‘h’’. She didn’t want the capital, and always made sure that you put the em-phasis on the ‘‘len’’ in helenka. She was really the epitome of an inde-pendent, self-reliant, really strong Alaskan woman, and she wouldn’t let anyone forget that. She was very out-going, vivacious, and had a heart of gold. I think it all wore off on her chil-dren. We certainly saw that in Sam. It was said that Sam Brice never met a stranger. He was known for remem-bering every good deed that others did for him—no matter how many years in the past it may have been, decades after the event. He always generously returned the favor and always remem-bered to just say: ‘‘Thank you for that’’—‘‘thank you for that.’’ Sam was one who just did good. He did good throughout the State. Those in rural Alaska have fond memories and affection for a man who helped build their communities and who was a leader. He was a leader of the Associ-ated General Contractors, and in his later years was well known for roasting his fellow contractors at the AGC din-ners. He had a great sense of humor, and that humor was really contagious. The lines from Sam’s obituary really say everything one needs to know about the man. They are: In lieu of flowers, the family would wish all to remember Sam who lived by example, whether a handshake, a smile, or a contribu-tion; he was always willing to lend a helping hand. Please remember all the different ways Sam has touched people’s lives and con-sciously think how you can make the world a better place, as Sam demonstrated throughout his life. We ask you honor Sam’s memory by emulating his compassion to oth-ers and be a friend to man. 
Sam’s memorial services were this past Saturday. I was unable to attend. I know the church was packed to over-flowing. But as I was in another part of the State that day, I couldn’t help but think of those words from the obituary about how we can individually and col-lectively think about how we can make the world a better place by being com-passionate to others, being a friend to others, and living that in our daily lives, as Sam did—truly, truly a great man. His friend Buzz Otis was also a trans-plant to Alaska. He grew up in Michi-gan. He was educated at Michigan State and came to Alaska in 1975, thinking he was just going to explore the State for a few months, like so many who come to our State. They think they are just going to come, take a peek, and then leave, but as with many Alaskans, that didn’t happen with Buzz. In 1976, he founded a land-scaping business in Fairbanks called Great Northwest, and this was really his ticket to business success and to a lifetime commitment to Alaska. I have so many good friends through-out the State who are givers and doers. I just think we Alaskans have a tend-ency to want to give back to our com-munities. We help our neighbors. Buzz Otis did that in spades. He was in-volved in a lot of different levels politi-cally. He was a strong supporter of mine and other members of the Alaska delegation. He served on the Fairbanks North Star Borough Assembly and was elected as its presiding officer. He chaired the Fairbanks Economic Devel-opment Corporation and managed the North Pole Economic Development Corporation. He was just involved in so many dif-ferent aspects of his community. He was an outdoorsman and loved sports. He was a rugby player and had a rugby pitch. He loved the sport of dog mushing and encouraged young people to take it up. He was just always doing, always engaged. He was blessed in life to have a great family and a wonderful, beautiful wife, Renee. That family standing together was a beautiful thing to watch in terms of the support they all gave one an-other, and it was truly so for Buzz, as a father and as a family man. I just can’t think of anything better. Family really does come first. That is ultimately what claimed the lives of these two wonderful men who had so much life left in them. Buzz’s son was out on the river, and Sam and Buzz went out to check on him in Sam’s plane. It wasn’t out of the ordi-nary to do this. It was good weather, good visibility, and a pretty fair day for the Interior. It turns out that Buzz’s son was OK, but the flight ended in tragedy. Sam’s plane went down near the Salcha River on the morning of Saturday, May 27. If only this story had a happy ending. Instead, it had somewhat of an Alaskan ending. Sam and Buzz gave their lives doing what so many Alaskans do; that is, looking out for one another, looking out for their families. But we know we don’t remember peo-ple for how they lost their lives. We re-member people for how they lived their lives. Sam and Buzz were truly ‘‘salt of the earth’’ Alaskans. They were hon-est, hardworking, caring, and adven-turous. They hired local people, they treated them well, and they were al-ways welcomed back by the commu-nities they served so faithfully. They really dedicated their lives to the bet-terment of the last frontier, and they never forgot family. Family was al-ways first. Everyone says that you can’t say enough about these people, and it is true. So I will conclude my remarks and just simply express the Senate’s condolences to the Brice and Otis fami-lies: to Joan Brice, to Renee Otis, to their children, and to their families— great families—destined to carry on the legacies of Sam Brice and Buzz Otis. 
75TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ALEUTIAN CAMPAIGN  
We just recognized Memorial Day last week in our respective States. I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.010 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3351 June 8, 2017 
was pleased to be with many Alaskans as we observed Memorial Day. We clearly revere those who serve in our military. In Alaska, we are home to more veterans per capita than any other State in the Union. This year, I was privileged to host a most distinguished veteran at Alaska’s official State veterans’ memorial. This is located in a place called Byers Lake, which is midway on the Parks Highway between Fairbanks and Anchorage. It is extraordinarily picturesque. It is very tranquil. It is almost a spiritual place in many, many ways, as we look out to Denali in the background, being surrounded by the memorials for hon-oring those veterans who have served us. But I was able to bring to that gath-ering a very distinguished veteran, our Secretary of the Interior, Ryan Zinke, a former Navy SEAL. This following week, just on Sunday, I was able to do yet another Memorial Day. Our focus was not on those who gave their lives on foreign soil but in a battle for American soil. Our focus this past Sunday was on what is known as the ‘‘forgotten battle’’ of World War II. It was the bombing and subsequent oc-cupation of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska by Japan. It was a yearlong campaign, and for those of us in Alas-ka, it is a campaign that we often speak about and we share the stories. There are veterans of that campaign who are still around today, sharing sto-ries with us. They are living legends, if you will. I recognize that for many, if you were to ask them whether the United States has ever been occupied—occu-pied in World War II—they wouldn’t know. I think, unfortunately, the name the ‘‘forgotten battle’’ may be just ex-actly that. Most Americans don’t rec-ognize that the Aleutians were occu-pied by the Japanese, that Americans were killed in defending our homeland, and that some of the indigenous people were either transported to Japan as prisoners of war or evacuated to the southeastern coast of our State, a thousand miles away. Making sure this ‘‘forgotten war’’ is not forgotten is a mission for me. It is an important part of our Nation’s his-tory. Again, that Aleutian Campaign was a yearlong campaign—fighting weather and terrain with equipment that was clearly not up to the chal-lenge—to reclaim U.S. territory from a determined Japanese force. A little bit of the history: On June 3, 1942, Japanese forces bombed Dutch Harbor and, over the succeeding days, occupied the islands of Attu and Kiska. These islands were occupied by Native people who had been there over a thou-sand years. It was not until May of 1943 that Attu was retaken, and 549 U.S. and Al-lied troops were killed in combat. But there is evidence that the U.S. and Al-lied losses in the Battle of Attu were much higher as a result of exposure, disease, Japanese booby-traps, friendly fire, and frostbite. Let me just tell you, the elements out there in the Aleutians are particularly harsh. When you don’t have the equipment, it makes it even more so. The war in the Aleutians came at a great price for our Native people who had lived on those lands for thousands of years before the war. The homes were burned, churches were burned, and 881 of the Aleut residents of 9 sepa-rate villages were relocated to aban-doned mining and fishing camps in Southeastern Alaska, where they were forced to live under some pretty tough conditions. At the remembrance event that I at-tended in Alaska on Sunday, some of the evacuees were at the ceremony. They were there. They shared their stories about what it meant to literally be ripped from their village—without having any idea what was really going on—and then sent to an area that may have been a foreign country to them. On the Aleutian Islands, the environ-ment is entirely different from that of a cannery in in Southeast Alaska. But what was extraordinary about these evacuees was, despite the very harsh, difficult, and, in many cases, horrible conditions, they never gave up. They didn’t give up hope, and they certainly didn’t give up their patriotism. Twen-ty-five men from the evacuated vil-lages chose to join the fight. Three men joined the retake of Attu. All were awarded the Bronze Star for their valor. I think it is important to remember that the many lessons to be learned from the Aleutian Campaign. America once perceived itself as a nation oceans away from foreign threats. Today, I think it is unthinkable for us to think that any of our territory could be occu-pied by a foreign power. But we must never forget that during World War II, a portion of the United States was oc-cupied, and it was occupied in those days, as today, because Alaska is a strategic location. These lessons can-not and should not be lost to history. We all know the saying that those who forget history are condemned to repeat it. The Japanese incursion oc-curred less than a decade after GEN Billy Mitchell testified that Alaska is indeed the most strategic place in the world. The incursion taught our Nation a vital lesson—that the defense of America begins in Alaska. Fortu-nately, the lessons of the Aleutian Campaign and Alaska’s strategic loca-tion are not lost on today’s military planners. Let me walk you through what we see in the State of Alaska right now, recognizing the proximity of Alaska to some of the hot spots around the world, whether it is North Korea, Russia, or China. Alaska is seeing a renaissance when it comes to our military pres-ence. We see it at Joint Base Elmen-dorf-Richardson, where Air Force F–22s and AWACS launch to acknowledge their Russian counterparts that are flying in the Air Defense Identification Zone. We see it at Eielson Air Force Base, which is preparing to receive two squadrons of F–35s beginning in 2020. We see it in the soldiers of the 4th Air-borne Brigade Combat Team in An-chorage, who are now waiting deploy-ment to Afghanistan. We see it in the soldiers of the 1st Stryker Brigade, who will soon begin their rotation of pre-deployment training at the Na-tional Training Center. We see it in the crews who are staffing ballistic missile radars in the State, looking very care-fully at North Korea. We also see it in the patriotic construction workers who will begin building the new long-range missile discrimination radar at Clear Air Force Station this summer and on the missile fields of Fort Greely, ready to intercept an ICBM aimed at the North American continent from wher-ever. We see it in the Navy SEALs who train in Kodiak and in the coastguards-men who protect our coastline from Metlakatla in the south, all the way north to the Arctic. I think it is very clear that never again will the United States leave Alaska undefended, which brings me back to the characterization of the Aleutian Campaign as the forgotten battle. Seventy-five years ago, U.S. and Allied troops were called upon to repel an invader who occupied U.S. soil. We in Alaska, particularly, will never for-get that fact, but neither should Amer-ica. Ignoring the fact that war has been, in fact, waged on U.S. soil in this last century is a dangerous and a tragic thing. Let’s resolve on this 75th anni-versary of the start of the Aleutian Campaign that the forgotten battle is be forgotten no longer. As I prepare to leave the floor, I would be remiss if I didn’t add that at the remembrance event in Unalaska this weekend, it was not only an oppor-tunity for many of the remaining evac-uees to come together in Alaska—for some it was their former community; others were from the Pribilof, Kiska, and Attu. It was a coming together. It was a homecoming for some, but there was also an effort to bring together many of our veterans who had served in the Aleutian Campaign and whose only exposure to the Aleutians was when they came in to defend that terri-tory. To have the exchange between those who had been forced from their homeland and those Americans, those veterans who had come to help—to have them united in a conversation for the first time ever was an exceptional American story. Over the course of 3 days, the sharing of stories was a remarkable oppor-tunity for us. I had a chance to speak with one of our World War II veterans who said: I always knew what our part of the fight was about, but I had no idea how what we were doing from the war effort had impacted these dis-placed people—the original people of the Aleutian Islands. To have that sharing, again, was a remarkable part of the story. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:50 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.016 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3352 June 8, 2017 
Then, to complete that picture, there were several individuals who were part of a Japanese film production company and were there to do the filming of this 75th remembrance because, as they said: This is an exceptional part of our history coming together too. Recognizing, sharing that, and allow-ing the stories, again, to ensure that this is not forgotten was a very signifi-cant and, I think, healing opportunity for so many. Madam President, I thank you for the opportunity to share this impor-tant part of our history, ensuring that the forgotten battle is not forgotten. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Hawaii. 
DEPORTATION OF ANDRES MAGANA -ORTIZ  
Ms. HIRONO. Madam President, today the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity has the opportunity to prevent an injustice and keep a family together. At 9 a.m. Hawaii time, Andres Magana- Ortiz was scheduled to report to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in Honolulu to be deported from his home of nearly 30 years. Andres was brought to America when he was only 15 years old. In the years since, he has raised three children who are U.S. citizens, is married to a U.S. citizen, has built a business, and has distinguished himself as a hard worker and a pillar of the South Kona commu-nity in Hawaii. Andres’ immigrant story is one fa-miliar to so many American families. After working for more than a decade as a laborer on coffee farms across the Big Island, Andres saved enough money to buy his own farm. In the years since, Andres has taken on management of 15 other area coffee farms. Suzanne Shriner, president of the Kona Coffee Farmers Association, put it best in her letter of support for him when she said: 
Mr. Ortiz is a true example of the Amer-ican Dream. Rising from a farm worker to a farm owner, he has created a successful busi-ness through hard work. He has sent his children to college. And he has given back to his community, by work-ing with other farms and farmers to control an invasive pest. His story is why we need to find a path to citizenship for these vital members of our farming community. 
Andres has three children. Victoria, age 20, is a junior at the University of Hawaii. Paola, age 14, and Hector, age 12, are still in middle school. Their lives will be shattered without their fa-ther. Andres remains on very good terms with his first wife, Veronica Ledesma Magana. In a letter she wrote to me, Veronica shared how much Andres cares for his children and how dev-astated they would be if he is forced to leave. She said: 
Andres is a wonderful father to our chil-dren. They depend on him for so much and need him during these years that are so im-portant to their development as human beings and citizens of the United States. Paola and Hector are children with special education needs. This has been very hard for us as parents, but together we have worked to help her through school and life. I am not able to support this family by myself. Andres is an amazing role model to my children. He is a patient, loving, and sup-portive father to them in whatever they need. Victoria, Paola, and Hector love An-dres very much and would go through ex-treme emotional hardship if he is deported. She continues: 
My oldest daughter will need to halt her college career to help me support Paola and Hector, especially because this deportation would bar him from returning to the [United States] for 10 years. My children deserve a father to care for them, they deserve the educational opportu-nities he can offer them, and the love he shares with them every day. 
I couldn’t agree more. In September 2014, Andres received a stay of removal in order to pursue var-ious paths to achieving legal status. In fact, he has a pending application to receive such legal status. Last November, he applied for an ad-ditional stay. Without warning or ex-planation, the government changed its position in March 2017 and ordered that he be removed. At that point, Andres filed for relief in Federal court. His case ultimately reached the Ninth Circuit Court of Ap-peals, where his request for an emer-gency stay was denied. Although the Ninth Circuit found it could not stay his removal, the chief judge of that court, Judge Reinhardt, issued a pow-erful, concurring opinion that clarifies the injustice in this case and made a powerful moral argument against President Trump’s immigration policy. Judge Reinhardt wrote: 
It was fully within the government’s power to once more grant his reasonable request. Instead, it has ordered him deported imme-diately. In doing so, the government forces us to participate in ripping apart a family. Three United States citizen children will now have to choose between their father and their country. If they leave their homeland with their father, the children would be forced to move to a nation with which they have no connection. All three children were born in the United States. None has ever lived in Mexico or learned Spanish. Moving with their father would uproot their lives, interrupt their education, and deprive them of the opportunities afforded by growing up in this country. If they remain in the United States, however, the children would not only lose a parent, but might also be deprived of their home, their opportunity for higher edu-cation, and their financial support. Subjecting vulnerable children to a choice between expulsion to a foreign land or losing the care and support of their father is not how this nation should treat its citizens. President Trump has claimed that his im-migration policies would target the ‘‘bad hombres.’’ The government’s decision to re-move Magana Ortiz shows that even the good hombres are not safe. 
Mr. Ortiz is by all accounts a pillar of his community and a devoted father and husband. The court went on to say: 
It is difficult to see how the government’s decision to expel him is consistent with the President’s promise of an immigration sys-tem with ‘‘a lot of heart.’’ I find no such compassion in the government’s choice to deport Magana Ortiz. We are unable to prevent Magana Ortiz’s removal, yet it is contrary to the values of this Nation and its legal system. Indeed, the government’s decision to remove Magana Ortiz diminishes not only our country but our courts, which are supposedly dedicated to the pursuit of justice. Magana Ortiz and his family are in truth not the only victims. Among others are judges who, forced to participate in such in-humane acts, suffer a loss of dignity and hu-manity as well. I concur as a judge, but as a citizen I do not. Judge Reinhardt made an important point, and I agree. The government has the power to prevent this family from being torn apart. Even now, Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly can issue an administrative stay to let An-dres stay in this country while the gov-ernment processes his application to receive legal status. Earlier this week, I spoke to Sec-retary Kelly on the phone to discuss Andres’ case and to urge him to issue a stay that would allow him to stay in this country. Hawaii’s congressional delegation has also written him a let-ter and provided a variety of other let-ters of support that Andres’ friends, family, and neighbors have written on his behalf. Secretary Kelly, I renew our call once more: Let Andres stay in our country. Let his children have a father present and active in their lives. It is not too late to keep this family to-gether. This entire ordeal speaks to the fear and anxiety spreading through immi-grant communities across our country. Even the good hombres, as Judge Reinhardt called them, are at risk of being torn away from their families. In an email, a spokesperson for ICE said: ‘‘While criminal aliens and those who pose a threat to public safety will continue to be a focus, DHS will NOT’’—and the word ‘‘not’’ is in all caps—‘‘exempt classes of removable aliens from potential enforcement.’’ This is chilling. It means that 11 mil-lion people in our country will live in fear that they could be deported at a moment’s notice. We must pass comprehensive immi-gration reform that provides a pathway to citizenship and which prioritizes the unity of families. Andres’ case is a tragedy, if not averted. There will be more cases like his in Hawaii and across the country. We must continue to fight on behalf of the good hombres and not stop until we succeed. I would like to conclude by reading part of a letter I received from Gerald Personius, one of Andres’ friends and a fellow coffee farmer from Captain Cook. He said: 
Andres is a courageous, honest, caring, and dedicated person. So I ask you as a citizen of our beloved country to do the best you can to help this man continue to pursue his citi-zenship. He will not let America down. 
We cannot let Mr. Ortiz down. I yield the floor. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.017 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3353 June 8, 2017 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Democratic leader. 
RUSSIA INVESTIGATION  
Mr. SCHUMER. Madam President, I would like to address the hearings that concluded just a few hours ago. After hearing Mr. Comey’s testimony today, America is stunned. The cloud hanging over this administration has just gotten a whole lot darker. I commend both the chairman, Sen-ator B
URR, and the vice chairman, Sen-ator W
ARNER , for the way they ran this hearing. The Senate and the American people are better informed as a result of their work. Few committee hearings in the history of the Senate have pro-duced the kind of eye-opening testi-mony we heard today. In its wake, I would like to make a few points. First, for weeks, media reports indi-cated that the President had directly and indirectly pressured the FBI Direc-tor to end the FBI’s investigation into General Flynn. Innuendos and intima-tions swirled around. But we now know much more of the truth. There is now no doubt that Mr. Comey understood the President’s request that he let go of the investigation into General Flynn—in a meeting during which it was discussed whether Mr. Comey would keep his job as FBI Director—as a direct effort to prevent that inves-tigation from going further that looks a lot like a quid pro quo. During questioning from a Repub-lican Senator, Mr. R
ISCH, Mr. Comey told us that he took the President’s conversation with him about the FBI investigation into General Flynn as a directive to scuttle that investigation. It is clear that President Trump’s legal defense is to refute Mr. Comey’s account. Well, the President threat-ened Mr. Comey with the release of tapes of their conversations. Presum-ably that includes the conversation in which President Trump asked Director Comey to ‘‘let go’’ of the Flynn inves-tigation. It is awfully curious that no one from the President’s team will ei-ther confirm or deny the existence of the tapes when the tapes are the only way to prove that Mr. Comey’s testi-mony, which came under oath, is false or misleading. If President Trump dis-agrees with anything the Director has said today, he should play the tapes for all of America to hear or admit that there were no tapes. Second, Director Comey’s con-trasting view of the Clinton email case and the Russia case is telling. Mr. Comey did not wish to see a special counsel in the Clinton case because he looked at the facts and determined there wasn’t a case for one. With re-spect to the Russia probe, the Director examined the facts and felt there was enough potential evidence that a spe-cial counsel was warranted. Again, the contrast is telling. Democrats and Republicans alike and the American people as well should be pleased that the investigation is in the hands of former Director Mueller. Third, the hearing raised serious questions about Attorney General Ses-sions that he and the Justice Depart-ment must answer immediately. Sen-ators WYDEN and H ARRIS repeatedly asked Director Comey about Attorney General Sessions’ involvement in the investigation before he recused him-self. Director Comey didn’t have direct knowledge of his involvement but made clear that he suspected that the Attorney General needed to recuse himself weeks before he actually did so and that he could not share the reasons for that in an unclassified briefing. So we need to know the answers to a number of questions regarding the At-torney General. The Senate Intel-ligence Committee investigation and Special Counsel Mueller ought to get to the bottom of this matter. In conclusion, Mr. Comey’s testi-mony has been very enlightening, but there is much work ahead for inves-tigators in Congress and those under the direction of Mr. Mueller. Thank you. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
UNANIMOUS CONSENT AGREEMENT —EXECUTIVE  
CALENDAR  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that at 5 p.m. on Monday, June 12, the Senate pro-ceed to executive session for consider-ation of Executive Calendar No. 65. I further ask that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination, equally di-vided in the usual form, and that fol-lowing the use or yielding back of time, the Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination with no intervening action or debate, and that if confirmed, the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table and the President be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
ORDER OF PROCEDURE  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Madam President, I further ask unanimous consent that following disposition of Executive Cal-endar No. 65, the Senate resume legis-lative session and consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 722, with all postcloture time considered expired. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Madam President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. TRIBUTE TO MARTY SHORYER  
Mr. SULLIVAN. Madam President, every week for some months now, I have been coming to the Senate floor and I have been using the opportunity to talk about someone in my State, the great State of Alaska, who has made a difference. We call that person the Alaskan of the Week. These are indi-viduals who are unsung in many ways and who are doing something for their community, for their State, and in many ways are inspiring everybody. I am a little biased, but I believe I live in the most beautiful State in the country, probably the most beautiful place in the world, full of wonderful people and beautiful landscapes, and we certainly encourage everybody here in the Senate or those who are watching on TV to come to Alaska and experi-ence it themselves, and they will have the trip of a lifetime, guaranteed. We are also blessed to live in a land that provides so much for our physical and spiritual needs. It is a very spiritual place. Alaskans are hardy people; however, like anyplace in the country, people have tough times. Some people are more fortunate than others. But thankfully we have people all across our State—like we have people all across America—who give of them-selves so that those in difficult situa-tions can receive the care they need. Today I want to take you to Kotzebue, AK, or what we often just refer to as Kotz. Kotz is about 550 miles northwest of Anchorage, 26 miles north of the Arctic Circle in Alaska’s North-west Arctic Borough. About 3,000 peo-ple live in Kotzebue. It is one of our bigger villages, and it is a hub for doz-ens of smaller villages that dot this enormous, beautiful region. Like most of Alaska, it is cold in the winter, and it is beautiful now under a never-set-ting Sun. The midnight Sun in Kotz is high in the sky. There are wonderful people there. Like most places in Alaska, particu-larly in smaller villages in rural Alas-ka, community is everything. People take care of each other. People band together to help each other overcome challenges that can exist in the ex-treme environments we have in Alaska. Let me tell my colleagues today about Marty Shoryer, who is one of the very generous residents of Kotzebue and who is our Alaskan of the Week. Born in Kotzebue, Marty is the general manager of Kotzebue Electric Associa-tion, where he has worked for more than 24 years. He has been married to his wife Lucy since 1977. They have six children and seven grandchildren. In his free time, he fishes—very com-mon—plays hoops, and loves to cook for his family. He is also involved in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.012 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3354 June 8, 2017 
the Boys and Girls Club and his Tribal government. But here is why I want to talk about Marty and why he has been such an in-spiration not only in Kotzebue but throughout the State. On Thanks-giving 2015, Marty got sick, and over the next several weeks, he had to go to the hospital repeatedly. While he was there, he noticed a group of people who would gather around the free coffee that was served at the hospital. He ap-proached one of them, a woman named Jo-Ann, and asked a very simple ques-tion: ‘‘Why do you guys hang around here? What are you doing?’’ She told him: ‘‘Well, we don’t really have another place to go right now.’’ This disturbed Marty greatly. At that time of year in Kotzebue, it can get down to 20 and 30 below zero—a dif-ficult place. ‘‘You guys must be hungry,’’ he said to Jo-Ann, and she said that they were. So the next day and the day after that—5 days a week—Marty and Lucy together used their own money and their own lunch hour during the work-week to make sandwiches—a simple act—30 to 40 sandwiches for that group at the hospital. Every day, every per-son who needs one gets a sandwich, sometimes turkey and cheese, some-times caribou or sheefish spread. Marty is anxious for the salmon season to start so he can make salmon spread sandwiches. They also get a juice box and dessert. Simple but generous. Recently, another generous Kotzebue resident, Sophie Foster, began making sandwiches as well, and before you know it, we have a whole community that is doing this, taking this simple example and getting involved. So now some people drop off cinnamon roles or fruit. Others bring back bulk items when they travel to Anchorage. Dozens of people in Kotzebue, AK, are now helping in this effort because of Marty’s simple act. People like Marty and his wife Lucy make my State truly unique and a wonderful place. His generosity—doing something seemingly so simple: mak-ing a sandwich for someone who is hun-gry—has now had a big impact not only in Kotzebue but in Alaska. Marty didn’t know the impact he would have when he began making sandwiches. ‘‘I was just trying to help a few people that day, make them happier.’’ Marty’s actions have initiated a growing conversation in Kotzebue about how best to take care of people who need help. It has drawn attention to homelessness and hunger—very im-portant issues not only in Alaska but throughout the country. Marty spurred this important conversation in Kotzebue and in our State through his simple actions, and that has inspired all of us. Congratulations, Marty, for what you are doing, for your simple acts of inspi-ration, and for being our Alaskan of the Week. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. TRAVEL AND TOURISM  
Mr. BLUNT. Madam President, I come to the floor today to highlight the importance of travel and tourism in our economy and also to make the point that we are welcoming of people from other countries—and we are wel-coming of people in our country, as well—who want to be part, for a short time or a long time, of America. The travel and tourism business is an in-credibly important part of the tourism economy. Last month, I, along with my fellow cochairs of the Senate Travel and Tourism Caucus—Senator A
MYKLO-
BUCHAR , Senator D EAN HELLER , and Senator B
RIAN SCHATZ —led the Senate in the passage of a resolution recog-nizing the week of May 7 as National Travel and Tourism Week. There are really good statistics— whether it is Missouri or West Virginia or the country at-large—on this topic. One out of every nine jobs in the United States depends on travel and tourism. It accounts for over 15 million jobs nationwide. International travel to the United States is our single larg-est export industry. The single largest thing where people bring money into our country is tourism to the United States. It generates a trade surplus of roughly $87 billion. As to that trade surplus with foreign travelers, foreign travelers stay longer, they spend more, and they like us better when they leave—virtually 100 percent of the time—than they did when they got here. Even if they thought they were going to like us a lot, they wind up lik-ing us more. If they questioned wheth-er they were going to like us at all, they almost always wind up on the very positive side of that question. So it is not only a huge economic benefit of $87 billion, but it is also a huge foreign policy benefit—a huge diplomatic benefit. It is just like when students come here and go to school. They have a connection to the United States that is almost always positive. It is so positive that many of them would like to stay, with that bachelor’s degree or that engineering certificate and degree, because they have liked what they found when they were here. So $87 billion is the surplus from just international travelers to the United States. But all told, travel and tourism generates nearly $2.3 trillion in annual economic input for our country. In Missouri, it has been estimated that the tourism industry, which is usually right behind agriculture in the list of our top industries, provides more than $15 billion in annual eco-nomic impact and directly supports al-most 300,000 Missouri jobs. When inter-national tourists come here and spend their money at hotels, restaurants, and shops, they are not only supporting U.S. businesses, but they are contrib-uting to local, State, and Federal tax revenue. We have a great deal to offer when it comes to attracting these inter-national visitors. We also have a lot of things we can do as a Congress to make a difference in how people travel and where they travel. We have a role to play in promoting the United States as a travel destination and in helping our State and local tourism economies be a part of that travel. The Visa Waiver Program is some-times questioned by some of our col-leagues who say anybody can get on a plane in any of these visa waiver coun-tries, and we particularly hear that when something bad has just happened in 1 of those 38 countries—Great Brit-ain, France, or Germany. We hear: Anybody could come here because they don’t have to go to the U.S. Embassy and get a visa. Except that is not how it works. That is not how the Visa Waiver Program works at all now. It does enable citizens of the 38 countries that we include to travel here for tour-ism and business for 90 days or less without the need to obtain a specific visa. By the way, in return, Americans go to those 38 countries without having to go to the Embassy of that country and get a visa and have an interview that allows them to travel there. So that is both ways. Most importantly from our perspec-tive, as to people who are coming here, the program has a lot of security built into it. For all the travelers who come, the Visa Waiver Program is adminis-tered by the Department of Homeland Security. It works in consultation with the State Department. Visa waivers use a risk-based, multilayered ap-proach to detect and prevent terrorists, criminals, and other bad actors from traveling here. If you have been in some country lately that we don’t think you should have been in, if you have a history of travel back and forth to countries and we have had bad expe-riences with people who have been in those countries, not only do you not get a waiver but you are in for a much more extensive interview than if we were trying to interview everybody from all of those 38 visa waiver coun-tries who wants to come to the United States. The President announced about 4 months ago that we were going to have a more extensive visa process in coun-tries that need a visa, but that also can be a more extensive visa process in countries that have visa waivers, if someone requires more vetting. If someone does not want to submit to additional vetting, then they don’t have to come to the United States of America. Those kinds of questions are easily answered There are comprehensive vetting pro-grams for individuals prior to the time they can get here—as well as when they get here—if they are in that visa waiver structure. So visa waiver works. I think the visa program is working now with more extensive vetting than we have had in the past. The program requires participants to have an electronic passport that has a chip in that passport that makes it vir-tually impossible to suggest that you 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.019 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3355 June 8, 2017 
are somebody or to try to pretend that you are somebody who you are not. The passport is much more secure than it used to be—both our passports and passports from those countries. In 2015, I worked with a bipartisan group of our colleagues to reform and improve this program and to secure that its robust security protocols would work as intended. We were also able to remove visa waiver eligibility for nationals of participating countries who have visited a country with a ter-rorism nexus, and for foreigners who participate who are originally from countries that may pose a terrorist threat. There are ways to screen that process that Americans should feel se-cure about. Frankly, it is a process that is getting better all the time. It is still not absolutely without risk. Trav-el has some risk. But thousands of peo-ple are bringing billions of dollars in tourism revenue to our economy, to see our country, and to pay our taxes. We ought to be sure we are minimizing the risk and maximizing the welcome for people we want to travel here. I also worked with my colleagues twice now to offer a public-private partnership called Brand USA. The United States of America, just a few years ago, was one of the few countries in the world that made no real effort to encourage people in other countries to visit our country. In 2014, Senator K
LO-
BUCHAR and I worked to reauthorize Brand USA through 2020. In a combina-tion of visa waiver fees and private dol-lars, efforts have been successfully made to encourage people who want to be part of our economy—even for a short period of time, as a tourist. It is estimated that across all markets, each dollar of Brand USA marketing generated more than $30 in visitor spending. Let me repeat: everywhere we spent a dollar of Brand USA—and that is a public-private dollar—more than $30 came to the United States, it is estimated, because of that. It is important for the Senate to sup-port programs that work. Brand USA is one of those programs. The Visa Waiv-er Program and many others have sig-nificant, positive economic impacts on our country, on individual States, on local communities, and, by the way, on people whose business and travel nec-essarily take them to other countries. Travel and tourism is one area where we have successfully worked together in a bipartisan manner. I hope we can continue that progress in this Con-gress. I will keep working with my col-leagues to ensure that we have the right policies in place to keep Ameri-cans safe, while allowing our travel and tourism industries to continue growing and creating jobs. Madam President, I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. BLUNT ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. CARPER. Mr. President, when I came onto the floor, you were not pre-siding; you were on the floor talking about the Visa Waiver Program. It is an agreement we have with almost 40 other nations that allows for the free flow of visitors from those countries to our country. It is viewed, in part, as a way to promote tourism and help grow that part of our economy and the economies of the other 38 or 39 nations with which we already have this agree-ment. Some people believe it is a gap-ing hole for fomenting terrorism and giving terrorists the ability to infil-trate our countries and do mischief here and other places around the world. I applaud the Presiding Officer, the Senator from Missouri, for actually ex-plaining how the system works. It is actually not just a way to enhance and promote tourism, which is important to all of our economies, it actually en-hances our security if done well, done right, and done correctly. I say to the Presiding Officer, the former chairman of the Senate Committee on Homeland Security, I appreciate very much your making those comments today. 
RESOLUTION CONDEMNING RECENT TERRORIST  
ATTACKS  
I am going to do something today, Mr. President, that I have never done before. I have never come to the floor and actually read a resolution or a piece of legislation that we are going to be voting on later today. This is a resolution that came out of discussions yesterday as we were contemplating voting on additional sanctions with re-spect to Iran—sanctions not related to violations of the joint agreement on nuclear weapons. They appear to be in full compliance with what they pro-fessed to do, promised to do a year or two ago. There doesn’t seem to be a question that they are doing what they promised to do, and that is good. There is what we believe is an obvi-ous violation of U.N. requirements that say the United Nations doesn’t believe that Iran should be testing ballistic missile systems. Even though they have no nuclear weapons—we don’t be-lieve they are going to have them any-time soon; hopefully not, because that would help spark a nuclear arms race in that part of that world—we still have, along with the U.N., this prohibi-tion against them developing and test-ing ballistic missiles. They have vio-lated that a number of times, and a lot of other nations, including us, are con-cerned about that. We have before us this week and again next week legisla-tion dealing with that. My hope is that next week we will consider that legislation and have a chance to offer amendments to it. My strong hope is that we will not only be talking about our desire to see Iran fully comply with the U.N. guidelines but that we will also couple with that legislation sanctions dealing with Rus-sia. This is a country that continues to make mischief in this country and countries around the world. Today, a lot of attention was riveted on the testimony by former FBI Direc-tor Jim Comey on whether there was an attempt by the Russians to influ-ence our Presidential election last year. All 17 intelligence agencies in this country have decided unanimously that the question is not only did they attempt or want to influence the out-come of the Presidential election—they all say yes. The answer is yes. All those intelligence agencies say yes. The second thing they said is that they feel the Russians succeeded in what they wanted to accomplish because the person they wanted to see defeated— Secretary Clinton—lost, and the person they wanted to see win—Donald Trump—won and now serves as Presi-dent of the United States. The issue that is going on right now in the hearings before the Intelligence Committee involve whether there was collusion between the Trump organiza-tion and the Russians during or prior to the time of the election. Ultimately, we will find out the truth, and we will let the chips fall where they may. I think we make a mistake in simply going forward and admonishing the Ira-nians for testing ballistic missile weap-ons while at the same time this effort by the Russians to really make a mockery of our election system and change the governance of this country is a far greater threat. My hope is that when we come back and take up these issues next week, that we will not address only the one involving Iran but that we will address in a thoughtful way the actions the Russians have taken and not let them get away with this. That is the debate for next week. In Iran, actually 2 or 3 weeks ago, they had elections. I have spoken about this before on the Senate floor. The elections they had were Presidential elections. Here in this country, we have Presidential elections every 4 years. As it turns out, in Iran they have them every 4 years as well. In this country, most people age 18 and older are eligible to vote. The percentage of people among the electorate who actu-ally vote is not great. Actually, for the longest living democracy in the history of the world, it is sometimes a bit dis-appointing. But the percentage of peo-ple who turned out to vote in the Presi-dential election in Iran a few weeks ago approached 75 percent, which is a good deal higher, I believe, than what we have accomplished in recent years. They have a lot of young people in that country, and the average age of the 80 million people who work there is under the age of 25. It turns out that the young people—not like the young peo-ple in Vietnam and a bunch of other countries—they like our country. They want a better relationship with our country, and the voting that occurred in Iran 2 or 3 weeks ago actually re-flected that. President Ruhani ran on a campaign that included better relations with, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.020 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3356 June 8, 2017 
among others, the United States. And I think the election of a lot of mayors in places like Tehran, the capital of Iran, which has changed from a hardliner who didn’t agree with President Ruhani’s views on this matter—they were turned out of office. That is all a very encouraging development. There are still people in that country who don’t like us, and they wish us harm, wish us ill, and they support ter-rorism. This is a source of concern. But, particularly with the younger peo-ple there, it is a new day there, and I think that is encouraging. We shouldn’t be blind to the mischief that some in their country would create, but we also shouldn’t be blind to the encouraging things happening among the young people, especially reflected in the voting. We congratulate them on actually having an election where that many people voted. In some other countries around the world where Muslim is the principal faith, they don’t allow women to vote. They don’t allow women to participate in the elections, and they don’t allow them to get elected. In Iran, the elec-tions in I think Tehran, in the city council alone—women do vote in Iran. They get to run for office. I think in the city council in Tehran alone, six women were elected to serve on the city council. So that is a positive. We commend them for having elec-tions, and it is their job to figure out whom they are going to elect. I am per-sonally encouraged by the turnout and the participation, especially of women, the election of women, and the Presi-dent and a lot of young leaders in that country who have different view of us and their willingness to work with us and other like-minded nations in the future. On the heels of the election, roughly 2 weeks later, there were terrorist at-tacks in London, in Britain, I think in Australia in the last couple of weeks, and, in the last few days, in Iran. Their Parliament was attacked. You can imagine terrorists coming in and at-tacking those of us who work in this building, whether they happen to be the pages or Senators or staff. That is what happened in Tehran a couple of days ago at 10 o’clock in the morning, with folks breaking into Parliament and trying to kill folks. They also at-tacked a sacred site—I think a mau-soleum—in another part of the coun-try. Close to 15 people were killed, and many times that number were wound-ed, some very seriously. On the heels of that attack and on the heels of the election, on the heels of the attack by ISIS—in both of the attacks on Iran, the attacks were mas-terminded apparently by ISIS. We don’t know for sure given that ISIS tries to take credit for attacks they had nothing to do with or little to do with. But there are people in Great Britain who have lost loved ones, fam-ily members, friends. They are suf-fering, they are hurting, and they are mourning today, and the same is true of Iran. Great Britain is one of our two or three closest allies in the world. They are like brothers and sisters to us, and we feel a special kinship and extend our condolences to those whose lives have been ended, whose lives have been shattered, and whose lives will be for-ever changed. While we do that with our friends and allies in Britain who suffered from these attacks by ISIS, on the heels of a different kind of election in Iran—an encouraging election in Iran—and simi-lar attacks by ISIS on Iran—some sug-gest it is because they have a willing-ness to actually have a better relation-ship with us, and maybe that is what drew the attacks by ISIS. In any event, we certainly express our condolences to the good people in Iran who lost their brothers, sisters, parents, aunts, un-cles, and sons, and we remember them today. The resolution has been drafted by Senator C
ORKER , the chair of the For-eign Relations Committee, and by Sen-ator C
ARDIN . It is a resolution that is not very long. I am going to read it. It is a resolution that dates to these at-tacks and mentions both countries I just mentioned—Great Britain, our ally, and Iran, with which we have had difficulty for the last 30, 40 years but which is now interested in a new day with us. To the extent that we can find a way to work together, especially in commerce, the Iranians want to buy aircraft from us. They want to buy Boeing aircraft. They don’t want mili-tary aircraft. They have an airline which is just awful. It is decrepit, old, aged, and they want to buy $10 to $12 billion worth of Boeing aircrafts, pas-senger airlines. I would say let’s sell to them. The idea is, if we would do that, we would not just put 5 or 10,000 people to work, we would provide job employ-ment opportunities for even more peo-ple than that in this country. Why wouldn’t we be interested in that? I hope we will allow that to go forward. It would be good for us and also it would be good for them, and maybe it would provide a foundation for working more closely together. I don’t know if we would have the kind of relationship that we have with Britain, but as a vet-eran of the Vietnam war, I can state that when I go for a run some morn-ings—when I stay down here and go for a run early in the morning, I run down to the Lincoln Memorial. I always run by the Vietnam Memorial. I take my fingers, and as I go along the wall, I let my fingers brush over the names of the people with whom I served, and there are 55,000 who died in that war. They were our friends, our colleagues, our family members, people we literally served with at that time, and they are gone. Yet somehow we have been able to let bygones be bygones and develop a close, august friendship with the Vi-etnamese. We are their strongest trad-ing partner. They are buying a lot of aircraft from us these days, and we are now going to sell weaponry to them. We are not going to do anything like that with Iran, certainly with respect to weaponry, but if we can get over fi-nally our difficulties of war and hos-tilities and so forth with the Viet-namese, maybe we can someday, with a change in leadership with Iran, begin to look more toward a constructive re-lationship in the future. The other thing I want to do is, I just want to take this resolution and actu-ally read that which Senators CORKER  and C
ARDIN and their staffs have worked on and thank them for their good work. There will probably be a vote later this evening in wrapup, where there will be a unanimous consent request that this bipartisan resolution be ap-proved. I think it is a good thing, it is the right thing, it is a fair thing. How would we want to be treated by other countries if ISIS attacks us and kills our people? We want them to be sympa-thetic and have some feeling for us and not be quiet about it. That is essen-tially what we want to do here. The resolution goes something like this: 
Condemning the recent terrorist attacks in the United Kingdom, the Philippines, Indo-nesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran. 
It offers ‘‘thoughts and prayers and sincere condolences to all of the vic-tims, their families, and the people of their countries.’’ 
Whereas since May 22, 2017, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) has claimed responsibility for multiple terrorist attacks against civilians that have left more than 180 dead and many more wounded. Whereas ISIS frequently claims attacks perpetrated by individual actors or other groups for propaganda purposes. Whereas the people of the United Kingdom are grieving following two terrorist attacks claimed by ISIS in London on June 4 and Manchester on May 22 that targeted and killed innocent men, women, and children. Whereas government forces in the Phil-ippines are currently fighting ISIS militants in Mindanao, including ISIS-affiliated fight-ers from the Philippines, Indonesia, Malay-sia, Chechnya, Saudi Arabia, and Yemen, who launched an assault in Marawi City on May 23 in an apparent effort to establish a caliphate in Southeast Asia. Whereas ISIS has claimed responsibility for two explosions in Jakarta, Indonesia, killing three policemen. Whereas ISIS targeted Coptic Christians in Egypt during an attack on a bus on May 26, killing 29 people. Whereas 22 people were killed when ISIS detonated a car bomb at a Baghdad ice cream parlor, killing Iraqi families gath-ering with their children to break the Rama-dan fast, and then detonated a second bomb killing elderly Iraqis collecting their pen-sions. Whereas a terrorist attack claimed by ISIS killed one person in Melbourne, Australia, and wounded three police officers. Whereas on June 7, in an attack claimed by ISIS, at least 12 people were killed when gunmen and suicide bombers targeted Iran’s parliament and a shrine— 
I believe it was a mausoleum or where one of their earlier leaders was entombed, enshrined— 
in two coordinated attacks across Tehran. Whereas these reprehensible attacks have no place in a peaceful world: Now, therefore, be it 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.028 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3357 June 8, 2017 
Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns ISIS’ horrific terrorist at-tacks in the United Kingdom, Philippines, Indonesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran; (2) expresses its deepest condolences to the victims of these attacks and their families; (3) expresses solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom, the Philippines, Indo-nesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran; (4) recognizes the threat posed by ISIS and recommits to U.S. leadership in the Global Coalition working to defeat ISIS. 
My father served in World War II. He was a chief petty officer. Most of my uncles served in World War II and/or Korea. One of my uncles I never met. My mom’s youngest brother served in the U.S. Navy. He was stationed on a ship called the USS Suwannee. It was an aircraft carrier. They were on duty in the Western Pacific in 1944, and their group of ships came under attack by Japanese kami-kaze pilots, dive-bombing and crashing their aircraft into several ships, includ-ing the USS Suwannee, the ship on which my uncle Bob was stationed. He was 19 years old. I think he was on the ship and they were trying to launch aircraft to take on the kamikaze pilots before they could do much damage and several of the aircraft apparently crashed into the aircraft carrier on which my Uncle Bob was doing duty up on the deck of the aircraft carrier. His body, along with the bodies of a number of people who were on the deck, were never recovered. They were killed, missing in action for an ex-tended period of time, and their bodies were never recovered. I told folks back in Delaware about my grandmother during one of the Me-morial Day observances. I don’t know if the Presiding Officer has this in Mis-souri, but in Delaware, during some of our observances, we have a place of honor where some of our Gold Star families sit. I told the Gold Star fami-lies at a bridge ceremony in Wil-mington near the Delaware Memorial Bridge—I pointed out where the Gold Star families were sitting, and I said: My grandmother, if she were still alive, would be 110 today, and she would be sitting right over there with all the Gold Star families and mothers. She never saw her son again after he went off to serve in the war. There was a lot of sorrow in that family for years and years and years. They had pictures for as long as I can remember. There was a picture of my Uncle Bob, age 19, posing, at the time, in his dress blue uniform. I was a dead ringer for him. My sister and I, after we were born in West Vir-ginia, grew up in Danville, VA. I went off to high school and then became a Navy midshipman and then went off to Southeast Asia. I would go home to visit my relatives in West Virginia, in-cluding my grandparents. I would go back to that house. I would go back to the picture and look at him because as I grew older, the resemblance was pret-ty remarkable. My grandmother, from the time I was a little boy until I grew up, would always call me Bobby. That was his name, not mine. I was Tommy, but she would call me Bobby. It was kind of eerie. She would never try to correct it. She would just call me Bobby. Sometimes people would have nick-names for us as kids, and my grand-father always called me Joe. So we would go spend time, a week or two, with them in the summer, and my grandmother called me Bobby and my grandfather called me Joe. I wasn’t sure who I was when I would go back to their home in Danville or Roanoke, VA, but I know my grandmother loved her son Bobby, and the folks who took his life were Japanese. They were Japa-nese. In the Navy, I flew missions with Japanese forces during the Vietnam war and the Cold War when I was a naval flight officer. Japan is among our best friends today, one of our closest allies, despite the hundreds of thou-sands of lives which were lost in the at-tack on Pearl Harbor and the war that ensued. Germany, at the other side of the world, was a bitter enemy during World War II and is among our closest allies and has been for years the bulwark in that part of the world. I just mention them to say that the folks that might be our adversaries today—Vietnam, where I served, was a great adversary for a number of years, and today, as I said earlier, is one of our closest trading partners, and they are one of our partners. We had, I thought, a wonderful trade agreement, the Trans-Pacific Partnership should have been approved by us and never was. It was negotiated in the last ad-ministration. I think in history they will say that it was a huge mistake we made not to approve it after negoti-ating it over a period of several years with 11 other countries, including the Vietnamese. The Vietnamese are amazingly close. They love Americans. God, they love Americans. They love us more than we love us, and you can feel it. Every time I go over there, I am reminded of that. Things have a way of changing. Lead-ership changes, people change, the atti-tudes of people toward the rest of the world, including us, will change. The results of the Iranian election give me some encouragement. I hope they give the rest of us encouragement. I hope someday some of those young Iranian people who admire this country and love this country will have a chance to come here and visit. Ironically, today is the last day we have a lot of young people here in this Chamber who are leaving us. We call them pages. Some are sitting down here. I walked up to them earlier today. We have doors—seven doors— and when we are having votes, people and Senators come in and out, and we have two pages stationed at every door. We have pages down here at the foot of the Presiding Officer on either side. What I tried to do was just go around to the pages and shake their hands, say goodbye, and thank them for their service during what has been really, as the Presiding Officer knows, a chal-lenging time for all of us. I would say I had to have a chance to address these pages as well as the rest of our col-leagues here, but I want to say to the pages, thanks a lot for your service, and we hope you have been inspired not by our shortcoming but by the poten-tial you see here for us continuing to send this ship of state into the future. A lot of people are concerned about the direction our country has taken. I would like to remind them, especially these pages, that 150 years ago we fought a civil war in this country. I grew up in Danville, VA, the last cap-ital of the Confederacy. I think some people were still fighting the Civil War when I got there. I was 9 years old and my sister was 10. So 150 years ago, the Civil War was fought, where hundreds of thousands of people were killed, many more were crippled, wounded, and maimed. After that, we saw our President as-sassinated. President Lincoln was as-sassinated. After that, our President who succeeded him, Andrew Johnson, was impeached, and somehow we got through all of that in the 19th century. When we finally made it to the 20th century, what happened? World War I— we fought it, won it, and led our allies to victory. Then World War II, we fought it, won it, and led the allies to victory in World War II. The Cold War—won it, led our allies to victory in the Cold War. The Great Depres-sion—we fought our way out of it and led the world to a much stronger econ-omy. When the 21st century dawned on January 1, 2001, here is where we were as a nation: the strongest economy on Earth, the most productive workforce on Earth, a nation of peace, four bal-anced budgets in a row. We hadn’t bal-anced our budget since 1968, but the last 4 years of the Clinton administra-tion we were 4 and 0 in terms of a bal-anced budget. Since the century began, we were the world’s mightiest Nation—the mighti-est force for justice—and we were the most admired Nation on the planet. I would just keep in mind the words of Harry Truman: The only thing new in the world is the history we have forgot-ten and never learned. He was a guy from Missouri, as I recall, like our Pre-siding Officer. We are going through a tough time now, and we will get through it. My hope is that our pages, who have pro-vided a great service here in the recent months of their service, will someday come back as interns, maybe someday as staff members, maybe someday as Senators and Representatives and chiefs of staff, and will play other roles in guiding our country. We thank all of you. My hope is that, as time goes by, the tensions around the world, the hatred, the vitriol, and the murder and the mayhem will have dissipated. Coun-tries just like Japan in World War II, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.030 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3358 June 8, 2017 
like Germany in World War II, and like Vietnam in the Vietnam war were our bitter enemies at one time but are now our friends. Maybe we can turn the page with Iran, and they can turn the page with us. They will be better for it, and in the end, we will too. Your generation, especially, will be better for that. I thank Senator C
ORKER and, again, Senator C
ARDIN and their staffs. I thank our leadership—Senator M
CCON-
NELL and Senator C HUCK SCHUMER —for making sure that this resolution was taken up and written. It worked out, and we will have a chance to vote on it. I just do not want somebody sometime later—this evening or tonight—when asking for unanimous consent to adopt a Senate resolution with a certain number on it, to ask: What was that all about? I want people to know that this is about something that is important, and I am grateful to all who had a hand in it. Thank you very much. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
NOMINATION REFERRAL  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, as in executive session, I ask unanimous consent that upon the reporting of the nomination of David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be Assistant Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, Transportation Security Administra-tion, by the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the nomi-nation be referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs for a period not to exceed 30 calendar days, except that if the 30 days lapse while the Senate is in re-cess, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs shall have an additional 5 session days after the Senate reconvenes to report the nomination, after which the nomina-tion, if still in committee, be dis-charged and placed on the Executive Calendar. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of all nominations placed on the Secretary’s desk in the Foreign Service; that the nominations be con-firmed, the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or de-bate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the Record; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: NOMINATIONS PLACED ON THE SECRETARY ’S D
ESK 
IN THE FOREIGN SERVICE  PN359 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (8) beginning Fred Aziz, and ending Nathalie Scharf, which nominations were received by the Senate and appeared in the Congres-sional Record of April 25, 2017. PN360 FOREIGN SERVICE nominations (12) beginning David Gossack, and ending Pamela Ward, which nominations were re-ceived by the Senate and appeared in the Congressional Record of April 25, 2017. f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, today I would have cast my vote in favor of Scott Brown to represent the United States as Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa. New Zealand has been a treaty ally of the United States since the signing of the Australia-New Zealand—United States Treaty in 1951. As a crucial partner and ally, the United States and New Zealand share core values of democracy, human rights, and liberty, and I believe it is imperative for the United States to maintain strong allegiance to our long-standing friends throughout the world.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING BARBARA M
CCALLAHAN Ms. STABENOW. Mr. President, it is with very great sadness today that I honor the life of my longtime staff member and dear friend, Barbara Wise McCallahan. Barb passed away on May 26, 2017. Barb has worked in my congressional and Senate offices for over 20 years, joining my team on my very first day in Congress in 1997. She was a volun-teer on my campaign for the U.S. House and worked many subsequent campaigns. She staffed my Howell and Flint Township offices when I served in the U.S. House. Over the years, she rep-resented me in Livingston, Washtenaw, Monroe, Wayne, and Oakland Counties as a regional manager in the Senate. For over 20 years, she has been an an-chor for me in southeast Michigan. Barb loved to tell the story of when she first walked into my campaign of-fice to volunteer when I ran for the U.S. House of Representatives. Coming from the hometown of my opponent, she would laugh that my team sus-pected that she was a spy. This couldn’t have been further from the truth. Barb has been fiercely loyal and steadfastly protective of me for over two decades. I cannot think of anyone who has spent more time over the years driving in a car with me. We have survived blizzards, avoided countless speed traps, identified the fastest drive- through restaurants, and I have never seen anyone who could bypass con-struction better than Barb. The count-less hours we spent together over the years deepened my appreciation for her resolve and determination and ce-mented a lasting friendship. Barb was a fighter. She faced many challenges early in her life. She took that fighting spirit and tenacity and fought throughout her career for so many individuals, families, and com-munities she helped represent. She was committed, tough, proud, and resilient. I watched Barb struggle with the de-bilitating effects of Parkinson’s disease in recent months and, along with her family, friends, and coworkers, was deeply affected by her losses earlier this year. While we will all continue to mourn her death, we also celebrate her life, her accomplishments, and her en-during spirit. Barb is an example of the amazing and talented professionals who commit themselves to congressional service. She has served the State of Michigan and her country with distinction and honor. No tribute to Barb can be done with-out including her family. I remember many community events and parades over the years with Barb and her young sons. Although a private person, Barb would light up when talking about her family; she was especially proud of her boys Patrick, Ian, and Brian and her grandson, Shane. On behalf of all of Team Stabenow, you will always be part of our family. Please join me and countless others as we honor the life of my longtime staff member and dear friend, Barbara McCallahan. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO COLONEL DANIEL Q. GREENWOOD ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize and congratulate a tremendous Marine officer, Col. Daniel Q. Greenwood, for his distinguished service as the commanding officer, 2d Marine Regiment, 2d Marine Division 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.032 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3359 June 8, 2017 
and commanding officer, Special Pur-pose Marine Air Ground Task Force, SPMAGTF—Crisis Response—Africa. Colonel Greenwood’s dynamic leader-ship and operational expertise brought about historic success for his unit and was instrumental to the accomplish-ment of priority U.S. national security objectives throughout Europe and Afri-ca. After taking command in April 2016, Colonel Greenwood aptly led a fine team of marines during their predeployment training, ensuring a co-hesive and highly effective regiment that was able to singularly focus on mission requirements. His clear and concise guidance set the tone for the entire command, successfully focused the regimental headquarters, and en-abled a positive command climate with open lines of communication and a constructive learning environment. Upon deploying in October 2016, Colo-nel Greenwood’s excellent leadership and operational prowess brought about continued organizational and oper-ational achievements, to include his team’s successful participation in mul-tiple operations and 15 theater security cooperation engagements across the continent of Africa. Further, his vi-brant personality and intuitive under-standing of cultural complexities fos-tered alliances with key partner na-tions, building valuable partner capa-bility and enduring relationships. One of the most significant accomplish-ments of the SPMAGTF was the assess-ment of ‘‘high risk, high threat’’ U.S. embassies in West and North Africa. To prepare for crisis response actions, Colonel Greenwood personally interacted with multiple ambassadors and regional security officers to form essential relationships and facilitate necessary information sharing. His tireless efforts allowed current and fu-ture SPMAGTF rotations to develop feasible, supportable, and comprehen-sive contingency plans for these stra-tegic posts. I would also like to honor and thank the Greenwood family for their tremen-dous service and sacrifice during the past year. Colonel Greenwood’s oper-ational success was only possible be-cause of the tireless support he re-ceived at home from his wife, Kim, and son, Charlie. We often forget the hard-ship and extra load our military spouses and children take on during work-ups and deployments, and I thank Kim and Charlie for sharing their hus-band and father with our Nation. Mili-tary service is a family commitment, and I thank the Greenwoods for their many years of public service. Colonel Greenwood, congratulations on a successful command and deploy-ment. I am so proud of your many ac-complishments and wish you and your family the very best in your next as-signment.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO JAKE HEINECKE ∑Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, this week, I have the distinct honor of rec-ognizing Jake Heinecke, a law enforce-ment officer from Fergus County who retired from full-time service at the end of May. Deputy Heinecke spent two decades protecting and serving the peo-ple of Montana. Deputy Heinecke was raised with a strong family background in law en-forcement. His father was an instructor at the Montana Law Enforcement Academy, and the calling to law en-forcement was clearly a natural fit for Jake. During the midnineties, Deputy Heinecke began his career as a reserve deputy in Beaverhead County, nestled in the southwestern corner of Montana. He quickly transitioned to full-time law enforcement after finishing college and served Beaverhead County for 15 more years. During the final chapters of his full-time law enforcement ca-reer, Deputy Heinecke served the peo-ple of Fergus County, located in the ge-ographic center of the State. Troy Eades, the Fergus County sheriff, de-scribed Deputy Heinecke’s performance in the department with concise clarity, ‘‘Great job. Great officer.’’ Despite retiring from full-time law enforcement, Jake plans to continue to play a role in the community by serv-ing in the Central Montana Ambulance Service as a full-time EMT. Montanans appreciate the work of our law enforce-ment and emergency services profes-sionals. When someone gives over two decades of their professional life to protect and serve others, that accom-plishment deserves our sincere grati-tude. Thanks, Jake, for helping keep ‘‘The Last Best Place’’ safe for all of us to enjoy.∑ f 
FIVE MILLIONTH SOLDIER COM-PLETES BASIC TRAINING AT FORT JACKSON ∑Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, today I wish to congratulate South Carolina’s Fort Jackson, as the 5 millionth sol-dier has just completed the Basic Com-bat Training, BCT, Program. Fort Jackson is located in Columbia, SC, and has a deep and proud history. For 100 years, Fort Jackson has helped the U.S. Army train and fulfill needs for disciplined and skilled soldiers in times of war and peace. As the U.S. Army’s largest location for BCT, Fort Jackson is responsible for training half of the entire Army’s BCT population. Fort Jackson also provides an array of services outside of BCT, including the U.S. Army’s Drill Sergeant School and Soldier Support Institute. Today I join the citizens of South Carolina in recognizing Fort Jackson, the soldiers, civilians, and retirees em-ployed there, and the soldiers who have been trained there. I also extend my deepest gratitude to these soldiers’ families, as they have also served and sacrificed for our country. With the completion of each mission, Fort Jack-son continues to make the Palmetto State and the U.S. Army proud. I will always be thankful for Fort Jackson’s dedication to protecting our great Na-tion.∑ TRIBUTE TO DANIELLE RIPICH ∑Mr. KING. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Danielle Ripich, who is retiring from over a decade of serv-ice not only to students but also to the State of Maine as president of the Uni-versity of New England, UNE, this month. Even though Danielle is not a native of Maine, she has, in every regard, em-braced, cherished, and served the State just as any Mainer would. Under her tenure, UNE grew from 4,000 students to more than 10,000, increased its oper-ating surplus by $127 million, expanded its campuses in Biddeford and Portland while opening a campus in Tangier, Morocco—making UNE the only U.S. institution of higher education to own a study-abroad campus specifically de-signed for the needs of science stu-dents—and launched three new colleges within the university. Additionally, in the midst of a national crisis over stu-dent loans, Danielle presided over one of the lowest default rates nationally on student loans at only 2.5 percent, even with 95 percent of students at the university taking out loans. A native of Ohio, Danielle began her impressive scholarly journey on her home turf, receiving her Ph.D. in speech pathology from Kent State Uni-versity and both her bachelor’s and master’s degrees in speech pathology from Cleveland State University. She then went on to serve in leadership roles at Case Western Reserve Univer-sity and later became dean of the col-lege of health professions, as well as a professor in the college of medicine’s department of neurology at Medical University of South Carolina before joining UNE. Danielle’s accomplishments span be-yond her work in higher education. As a result of her successful efforts in ex-panding both accessibility and opportu-nities at UNE for Maine’s best and brightest, UNE’s contribution to the Maine economy has topped more than $1 billion per year, with an annual do-nation of more than $21 million worth of health services to the community. The university is considered the lead-ing supplier of healthcare professionals for the State of Maine. Danielle was named the 2016 Mainebiz Nonprofit Business Leader of the Year and is internationally recognized for her lan-guage research, particularly in the areas of child language and Alzheimer’s disease and other forms of dementia. Adding to her already remarkable and diverse portfolio of accomplishments, she was named a congressional fellow by the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Throughout her years of service to the State, our country, and the world at large in her roles including presi-dent of UNE, mentor to student, and trailblazer in child language and Alz-heimer’s disease research, Danielle has demonstrated remarkable citizenship and a commitment to higher edu-cation, medicine, and community progress that is rarely seen. The UNE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.021 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3360 June 8, 2017 
that has evolved from Danielle’s vision is bold, innovative, eager to disrupt the status quo, socially conscious and com-mitted to imbuing its students with global awareness. I am glad to add my voice to all those who are recognizing Danielle’s distinguished career, and I thank Danielle for her service and many contributions to our State. ∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. JAMES JACOBS ∑Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Dr. James Jacobs on the occasion of his retirement as presi-dent of Macomb Community College. Dr. Jacobs has worked at Macomb Community College for nearly 50 years and was named president in 2008. He previously taught social science, polit-ical science, economics, and served as director for the Center for Workforce Development and Policy at the college. Under his leadership, Macomb Commu-nity College has grown to be one of the Nation’s leading community colleges, providing an education to nearly 48,000 students a year. I appreciate the oppor-tunity to recognize Dr. Jacobs’ success as an education leader, as well as the contributions he has made to his com-munity. Dr. Jacobs has long been at the heart of Macomb Community College, an educational institution founded in 1954. The college has been growing ever since. With three campuses, the Lorenzo Cultural Center, and the Michigan Technical Education Center, Macomb Community College has grown into one of the leading community col-leges in the Nation. It ranks in the top 2 percent for number of associate de-grees awarded by community colleges and is the largest grantor of associate degrees in Michigan. Under Dr. Jacobs, the education plat-form and course offerings have flour-ished. Today Macomb Community Col-lege offers precollegiate and graduate degrees, workforce training, and pro-fessional education. One such program that has prospered is the Macomb Uni-versity Center. The University Center partners with other colleges and uni-versities throughout the State of Michigan to offer students the oppor-tunity to earn bachelors, masters, and doctoral degrees in over 80 fields. Thanks to Dr. Jacobs, the university center has become a national model for educational partnerships. Dr. Jacobs has grown Macomb Com-munity College around a vision and mission that put the student at the forefront. With a focus on student suc-cess, efficiency and effectiveness, and community engagement, Macomb Com-munity College has dedicated itself to provide learning opportunities and sup-port services that enable students to achieve their educational goals. Dr. Jacobs is also leader in Macomb and the region, both on and off campus. He is widely known for delivering the Macomb County Economic Forecast annually for the last 29 years. He also serves on numerous boards, including the Center for Automotive Research, Metropolitan Affairs Council, and the Detroit Institute of Arts. I would like to congratulate Dr. Ja-cobs on his retirement as president of Macomb Community College and thank him for his decades of service to his community. It is certainly my hope that in retirement he will continue this type of work because we need his expertise and knowledge.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING JOSEPH ELIJAH ‘‘BUCKSHOT’’ COLLETON ∑Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, today the Awendaw and McClellanville commu-nities will pay tribute to a man known by many as Joseph Elijah ‘‘Buckshot’’ Colleton, who departed this life on June 3, 2016. He was a gentle giant who loved chil-dren and cooking. Buckshot served in many capacities in the community, but he is most remembered for his loving spirit towards children. He served the Head Start community for more than 35 years as their bus driver and often referred to Head Start students as all of his children. When he was not with the children, he was cooking and feeding people at Buckshot’s Restaurant in McClellanville. People from all around would visit for a taste of his shrimp and fish dishes and other southern cui-sines. Today we remember the life of Buck-shot as loved ones, friends, and other guests come together to pay tribute to a great American and South Caro-linian.∑ 
f 
GRANITE MOUNTAIN MINE DISASTER ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the victims and sur-vivors of the Granite Mountain Mine disaster and commemorate the lasting legacy of the labor movement in Mon-tana and across this nation. One hundred years ago, Butte, MT, was home to a booming mining com-munity, where hard-working men and women were working long hours to put food on the table and build a stronger State. A great demand for copper during WWI and the Industrial Revolution led the 14,500 miners to work tirelessly, day and night. Long hours and high de-mands caused already insufficient safe-ty standards to deteriorate even fur-ther. On June 8, 1917, as men were being lowered into the mine to begin their shift, a lantern ignited an exposed cable, causing the mineshaft to fill with fire and toxic gasses. One hundred and sixty-eight men tragically died in the blaze and the re-sulting carbon monoxide poisoning. The miners had minimal safety train-ing, and the mine lacked even basic safety precautions, such as exit signs. Many of those who were saved spent upward of 50 hours in the mine before help arrived, barricaded from the fumes behind makeshift bulkheads. The Granite Mountain disaster re-mains the worst hard rock mining dis-aster in U.S. history, but Butte miners managed to make progress out of this tragedy. The Granite Mountain disaster led to a unification of the U.S. labor move-ment and an unprecedented push for labor laws that are still in effect today. One hundred years later, we are thankful for our union brothers and sisters who fought and continue to fight for better pay, safer working con-ditions, civil rights, and a stronger economy for working Americans. ∑ f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 10:10 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 2213. An act to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the following con-current resolution, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H. Con. Res. 33. Concurrent resolution des-ignating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library. 
The message further announced that pursuant to 20 U.S.C. 4412, and the order of the House of January 3, 2017, the Speaker reappoints the following Member on the part of the House of Representatives to the Board of Trust-ees of the Institute of American Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. 
f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bill was read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 2213. An act to amend the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 to authorize certain polygraph waiver authority, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs. 
The following concurrent resolution was read, and referred as indicated: 
H. Con. Res. 33. Concurrent resolution des-ignating the George C. Marshall Museum and George C. Marshall Research Library in Lex-ington, Virginia, as the National George C. Marshall Museum and Library; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–1848. A communication from the Acting Deputy Director, Office of Sustainable Fish-eries, Department of Commerce, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Coastal Migratory Pelagic Resources 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G08JN6.024 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3361 June 8, 2017 
of the Gulf of Mexico and Atlantic Region; Reopening of the commercial Sector in the Western, Northern, and Southern (Gillnet) Zones for King Mackerel in the Gulf of Mex-ico’’ (RIN0648–XF351) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1849. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, De-partment of Commerce, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Cod by Catcher Vessels Greater Than or Equal to 60 Feet Length Overall Using Pot Gear in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area’’ (RIN0648–XF190) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–1850. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Interior, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, reports relative to Executive Order 13783; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. EC–1851. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Alternative Final Cover Request for Phase 2 of the City of Wolf Point, Montana, Landfill’’ (FRL No. 9962–18– Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1852. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Imple-mentation Plans; Louisiana; Revisions to the New Source Review State Implementation Plan; Air Permit Procedure Revisions’’ (FRL No. 9958–84–Region 6) received during ad-journment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1853. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Montana; Re-visions to the Administrative Rules of Mon-tana’’ (FRL No. 9963–15–Region 8) received during adjournment of the Senate in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1854. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Stay of Standards of Performance for Municipal Solid Waste Landfills and Emis-sion Guidelines and Compliance Times for Municipal Solid Waste Landfills’’ ((RIN2060– AT62) (FRL No. 9963–19–OAR)) received dur-ing adjournment of the Senate in the Office of the President of the Senate on May 30, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–1855. A communication from the Board of Trustees, National Railroad Retirement Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the 2017 annual report on the financial status of the railroad unemployment insurance sys-tem; to the Committee on Finance. EC–1856. A communication from the Execu-tive Director, United States Access Board, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Board’s fiscal year 2016 annual report relative to the Notification and Federal Employee Anti-discrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1857. A communication from the Acting Commissioner of the Social Security Admin-istration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017 and the Uniform Resource Lo-cator (URL) for the report; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1858. A communication from the Sec-retary of Education, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Follow-up for the pe-riod of October 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs. EC–1859. A communication from the Acting Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Annual Performance Re-port for fiscal year 2016; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–1860. A communication from the Direc-tor, Congressional Affairs, Federal Election Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the Commission’s Semiannual Report of the Inspector General for the period from Octo-ber 1, 2016 through March 31, 2017; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs. EC–1861. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Small Business Adminis-tration, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–1862. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Small Business Adminis-tration, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–1863. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Small Business Adminis-tration, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. EC–1864. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Administrator, Small Business Administration, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. EC–1865. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Deputy Administrator, Small Business Administration, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. EC–1866. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Counsel, Office of Advocacy, Small Business Administration, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–1867. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Chief Counsel, Office of Advocacy, Small Business Administration, received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship. EC–1868. A communication from the Chief Human Capital Officer, Small Business Ad-ministration, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to a vacancy in the position of Administrator, Small Business Adminis-tration, received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on June 6, 2017; to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepre-neurship. f 
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS The following petition or memorial was laid before the Senate and was re-ferred or ordered to lie on the table as indicated: 
POM–40. A concurrent resolution adopted by the Legislature of the State of Missouri applying to the United States Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution, for the calling of a convention of the states limited to pro-posing amendments to the United States Constitution that impose fiscal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the federal government, and limit the terms of office for its officials and members of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. S
ENATE CONCURRENT RESOLUTION NO. 4 Whereas, the Founders of our Constitution empowered state legislators to be guardians of liberty against future abuses of power by the federal government; and Whereas, the federal government has cre-ated a crushing national debt through im-proper and imprudent spending; and Whereas, the federal government has in-vaded the legitimate roles of the states through the manipulative process of federal mandates, most of which are unfunded to a great extent; and Whereas, the federal government has ceased to live under a proper interpretation of the Constitution of the United States; and Whereas, it is the solemn duty of the states to protect the liberty of our people— particularly for the generations to come—to propose amendments to the United States Constitution through a convention of states under Article V to place clear restraints on these and related abuses of power: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, by the members of the Missouri Senate, Ninety-ninth General Assembly, First Regular Session, the House of Rep-resentatives concurring therein, Hereby apply to Congress, under the provisions of Article V of the United States Constitution, for the calling of a convention of the states limited to proposing amendments to the United States Constitution that impose fis-cal restraints on the federal government, limit the power and jurisdiction of the fed-eral government, and limit the terms of of-fice for its officials and members of Con-gress; and be it further Resolved, That the General Assembly adopts this application with the following understandings (as the term ‘‘under-standings’’ is used within the context of ‘‘reservations, understandings, and declara-tions’’): (1) An application to Congress for an Arti-cle V convention confers no power on Con-gress other than to perform a ministerial function to’ ‘‘call’’ for a convention; (2) This ministerial duty shall be per-formed by Congress only when Article V ap-plications for substantially the same purpose 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.005 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3362 June 8, 2017 
are received from two-thirds of the legisla-tures of the several states; (3) The power of Congress to ‘‘call’’ a con-vention solely consists of the authority to name a reasonable time and place for the ini-tial meeting of the convention; (4) Congress possesses no power whatsoever to name delegates to the convention, as this power remains exclusively within the au-thority of the legislatures of the several states; (5) Congress possesses no power to set the number of delegates to be sent by any states; (6) Congress possesses no power whatsoever to determine any rules for such convention; (7) By definition, a Convention of States means that states vote on the basis of one state, one vote; (8) A Convention of States convened pursu-ant to this application is limited to consider-ation of topics specified herein and no other; (9) The General Assembly of Missouri may recall its delegates at any time for breach of their duties or violations of their instruc-tions; (10) Pursuant to the text of Article V, Con-gress may determine whether proposed amendments shall be ratified by the legisla-tures of the several states or by special state ratification conventions. The General As-sembly of Missouri recommends that Con-gress specify its choice on ratification meth-odology contemporaneously with the call for the convention; (11) Congress possesses no power whatso-ever with regard to the Article V convention beyond the two powers acknowledged herein; (12) Missouri places express reliance on prior legal and judicial determinations that Congress possesses no power under Article I relative to the Article V process, and that Congress must act only as expressly specified in Article V; and be it further Resolved, That this application shall expire five (5) years after the passage of this resolu-tion; and be it further Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be instructed to prepare a properly inscribed copy of this resolution for the President and Secretary of the United States Senate, the Speaker and Clerk of the United States House of Representatives, each member of the Missouri Congressional delegation, and the presiding officers of each of the legisla-tive houses in the several states requesting their cooperation. f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY for the Committee on the Judiciary. Noel J. Francisco, of the District of Colum-bia, to be Solicitor General of the United States. Makan Delrahim, of California, to be an Assistant Attorney General. Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be an Assistant Attorney General. 
(Nominations without an asterisk were reported with the recommenda-tion that they be confirmed.) 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Ms. HEITKAMP (for herself and Mr. P
ORTMAN ): S. 1315. A bill to require the Bureau of Con-sumer Financial Protection to amend its regulations relating to qualified mortgages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mrs. ERNST (for herself and Mr. TESTER ): S. 1316. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to provide for a one-year exten-sion of the suicide prevention and resilience program for the National Guard and Re-serves; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. BROWN: S. 1317. A bill to amend titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act to establish a comprehensive and nationwide system to evaluate the quality of care provided to beneficiaries of Medicaid and the Children’s Health Insurance Program and to provide in-centives for voluntary quality improvement; to the Committee on Finance. By Ms. BALDWIN (for herself, Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. H AS-
SAN, and Ms. D UCKWORTH ): S. 1318. A bill to protect the rights of pas-sengers with disabilities in air transpor-tation, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. By Mr. BROWN: S. 1319. A bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a continuing medical education program for non-Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs medical profes-sionals who treat veterans to increase knowledge and recognition of medical condi-tions common to veterans, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. INHOFE (for himself and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. 1320. A bill to reform apportionments to general aviation airports under the airport improvement program, to improve project delivery at certain airports, and to designate certain airports as disaster relief airports, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. ISAKSON (for himself, Mr. A
LEXANDER , Mr. E NZI, Mr. H ATCH , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mr. S COTT, and Mr. Y OUNG ): S. 1321. A bill to amend the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974 to en-sure that retirement investors receive advice in their best interests, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. C
ANTWELL , and Ms. M URKOWSKI ): S. 1322. A bill to establish the American Fisheries Advisory Committee to assist in the awarding of fisheries research and devel-opment grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. SULLIVAN (for himself, Ms. M
URKOWSKI , Mr. M ARKEY , and Ms. C
ANTWELL ): S. 1323. A bill to preserve United States fishing heritage through a national program dedicated to training and assisting the next generation of commercial fishermen, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. By Mr. CASEY (for himself, Ms. B
ALD-
WIN, Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. M URPHY , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. W
HITEHOUSE , Mr. W YDEN , and Ms. H
ASSAN ): S. 1324. A bill to prevent a person who has been convicted of a misdemeanor hate crime, or received an enhanced sentence for a mis-demeanor because of hate or bias in its com-mission, from obtaining a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TESTER (for himself, Mr. M
ORAN , Mrs. M CCASKILL , Mr. K AINE, Ms. H
ASSAN , and Mr. C RAPO ): S. 1325. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the authorities of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire, re-cruit, and train employees of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Veterans’ Af-fairs. By Mr. MURPHY: S. 1326. A bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of American innovation and significant innova-tion and pioneering efforts of individuals or groups from each of the 50 States, the Dis-trict of Columbia, and the United States ter-ritories, to promote the importance of inno-vation in the United States, the District of Columbia, and the United States territories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. FEINSTEIN ): S. 1327. A bill to amend the Controlled Sub-stances Act to clarify how controlled sub-stance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W ARREN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Mr. L EAHY , Mrs. G ILLI-
BRAND , Mr. W YDEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B OOKER , Mr. B
LUMENTHAL , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 1328. A bill to extend the protections of the Fair Housing Act to persons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual ori-entation or gender identity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judici-ary. By Mrs. FISCHER (for herself and Mr. M
ANCHIN ): S. 1329. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to permit the Secretary of the Treasury to locate and recover certain assets of the United States Government; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. ROUNDS (for himself and Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ): S. 1330. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize a dependent to transfer entitlement to Post-9/11 Education Assistance in cases in which the dependent received the transfer of such entitlement to assistance from an individual who subse-quently died, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 1331. A bill to establish the Great Lakes Mass Marking Program, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Ms. STABENOW (for herself, Mr. P
ETERS , and Mr. B ROWN ): S. 1332. A bill to establish the Great Lakes Aquatic Connectivity and Infrastructure Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S.J. Res. 45. A joint resolution condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Port-land, Oregon, expressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence; considered and passed. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:27 Sep 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD17\JUNE\S08JN7.REC S08JN7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3363 June 8, 2017 
By Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ): S. Res. 188. A resolution condemning the recent terrorist attacks in the United King-dom, the Philippines, Indonesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran and offering thoughts and prayers and sincere condolences to all of the victims, their families, and the people of their countries; considered and agreed to. By Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. M CCONNELL ): S. Res. 189. A resolution designating the week of June 5 through June 11, 2017, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 112 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 112, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize per diem payments under comprehensive service programs for homeless veterans to furnish care to dependents of home-less veterans, and for other purposes. 
S. 242 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 242, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit veterans to grant access to their records in the databases of the Veterans Benefits Ad-ministration to certain designated con-gressional employees, and for other purposes. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contribu-tions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 407 
At the request of Mr. C RAPO , the name of the Senator from New Mexico (Mr. H
EINRICH ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 407, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to perma-nently extend the railroad track main-tenance credit. 
S. 425 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Ohio (Mr. B
ROWN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 425, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to improve the his-toric rehabilitation tax credit, and for other purposes. 
S. 479 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 479, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to waive coinsurance under Medicare for colorectal cancer screening tests, re-gardless of whether therapeutic inter-vention is required during the screen-ing. 
S. 543 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. BLUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 543, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to in-clude in each contract into which the Secretary enters for necessary services authorities and mechanism for appro-priate oversight, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 563 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 563, a bill to amend the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 to re-quire that certain buildings and per-sonal property be covered by flood in-surance, and for other purposes. 
S. 593 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. H
ATCH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 593, a bill to amend the Pittman-Rob-ertson Wildlife Restoration Act to fa-cilitate the establishment of additional or expanded public target ranges in certain States. 
S. 623 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 623, a bill to enhance the transparency and accelerate the impact of assistance provided under the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 to promote quality basic education in developing countries, to better enable such countries to achieve universal access to quality basic edu-cation and improved learning out-comes, to eliminate duplication and waste, and for other purposes. 
S. 655 
At the request of Mr. R ISCH, the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 655, a bill to exempt certain 16- and 17-year-old individuals employed in logging operations from child labor laws. 
S. 670 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 670, a bill to provide for the regulation of over-the-counter hearing aids. 
S. 700 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 700, a bill to improve the reproductive assistance provided by the Department of Defense and the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs to severely wounded, ill, or injured members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses or partners, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 760 
At the request of Mr. S CHATZ , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 760, a bill to expand the Govern-ment’s use and administration of data to facilitate transparency, effective governance, and innovation, and for other purposes. S. 782 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
RUZ) were added as cospon-sors of S. 782, a bill to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Chil-dren Task Force Program, and for other purposes. 
S. 804 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 804, a bill to improve the provision of health care for women vet-erans by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
S. 808 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Missouri (Mrs. M
CCASKILL ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 808, a bill to provide pro-tections for certain sports medicine professionals who provide certain med-ical services in a secondary State. 
S. 896 
At the request of Mr. B URR, the name of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. D
ON-
NELLY ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 896, a bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund. 
S. 926 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 926, a bill to authorize the Global War on Terror Memorial Foun-dation to establish the National Global War on Terrorism Memorial as a com-memorative work in the District of Co-lumbia, and for other purposes. 
S. 948 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 948, a bill to designate as wil-derness certain Federal portions of the red rock canyons of the Colorado Pla-teau and the Great Basin Deserts in the State of Utah for the benefit of present and future generations of people in the United States. 
S. 1015 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1015, a bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to study the feasibility of designating a simple, easy-to-remember dialing code to be used for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline sys-tem. 
S. 1038 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Hawaii (Ms. H
IRONO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1038, a bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Small Business Adminis-tration to submit to Congress a report on the utilization of small businesses with respect to certain Federal con-tracts. 
S. 1151 
At the request of Mrs. E RNST , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.011 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3364 June 8, 2017 
KING) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1151, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to provide a non-refundable credit for working family caregivers. 
S. 1169 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1169, a bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to provide States with an option to provide med-ical assistance to individuals between the ages of 22 and 64 for inpatient serv-ices to treat substance use disorders at certain facilities, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1202 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1202, a bill to modify the boundary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site, and for other purposes. 
S. 1277 
At the request of Mr. B OOZMAN , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1277, a bill to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a high technology education pilot program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1309 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1309, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to permit American Indian tribal councils to enter into agreements with the Com-missioner of Social Security to obtain social security coverage for services performed by tribal council members. 
S. RES. 54 
At the request of Mr. B LUMENTHAL , the name of the Senator from New Hampshire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 54, a resolu-tion expressing the unwavering com-mitment of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 
f 
STATEMENTS ON INTRODUCED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 1327. A bill to amend the Con-trolled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of the Stop the Importation and Traf-ficking of Synthetic Analogues Act with my colleague Senator C
HUCK  G
RASSLEY . This legislation addresses the significant challenges associated with prosecuting those who manufac-ture and traffic deadly synthetic drugs, including synthetic opioids, like clan-destinely produced fentanyl, and syn-thetic cannabinoids and cathinones. Synthetic drugs pose an increasing threat to our Nation. They hit our communities in cycles and cause devas-tation. For example, in Corpus Christi, TX, there were 31 EMS calls in 1 day related to synthetic drugs. In Syra-cuse, NY, 18 individuals were taken to the emergency room in a 24-hour period after taking synthetic marijuana, and in Cincinnati, OH, a shocking 174 overdoses occurred over 6 days. These overdoses were largely attributed to heroin laced with carfentanil, a syn-thetic opioid that is 100,000 times stronger than morphine. In 2012, Congress outlawed many syn-thetic drugs, but manufacturers did not stop producing them. Instead, they began producing controlled substance analogues which mimic the effects of controlled substances, such as opioids, marijuana, PCP, and LSD. The new drug, even though it has an effect on the body that is similar to a controlled substance, may no longer be illegal under Federal law because it is not listed in one of the five schedules of the Controlled Substances Act. Con-sequently, these drugs are shipped to our country and marketed as legal al-ternatives to illegal drugs. This makes enforcement efforts dif-ficult. Synthetic opioids, like fentanyl, are deadly. Since 2015, 130 deaths have been linked to the drug in the Bay area of California. Nationally, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that more than 15,000 deaths in 2015 in-volved synthetic opioids other than methadone, which includes fentanyl. That is equivalent to 42 deaths per day. Like other synthetic drugs, illicit fentanyl and its analogues are clandes-tinely produced, and primarily enter the United States in one of three ways: (1) Chinese chemists produce and ship it to the United States via inter-national mail; (2) Mexican drug traffickers produce it with precursor chemicals from China and smuggle it across the Southwest Border; or (3) Chinese chemists produce and ship it to Canada, where it is smuggled across the northern border. The point is, regardless of the type, synthetic drugs pose a deadly and quickly evolving public health threat. It is clear that the current system for scheduling controlled substances and prosecuting controlled substance analogues is not able to keep up with the speed with which new synthetic drugs are produced or to prevent the deaths they cause. That is why the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Drugs Act to provide the Department of Justice with new tools, using a multifaceted approach. First, the bill immediately controls 13 fentanyl analogues that law enforce-ment has come into contact with. These substances have already caused 162 overdose deaths in the United States. Second, while the existing Federal Analogue Enforcement Act allows pros-ecutors to charge those who manufac-ture, distribute, or dispense controlled substance analogues, the law contains definition of a controlled substance analogue that is vague and often mis-interpreted. As a result, court cases using this law result in a drawn out and expensive battle of the experts. Moreover, because because controlled substance analogues are not listed as federally controlled substances, even if a prosecutor in one case successfully proves that a substance is a controlled substance analogue, this ruling is not applied across the board. A different person charged with manufacturing the exact same substance in another case is not automatically guilty of a crime. Instead, the prosecutor in the new case has to reprove that the substance in question is an analogue all over again. Therefore, to ensure that prosecutors do not have to reprove that a substance is an analogue each and every time it appears, the bill establishes a new schedule A. The legislation authorizes the Attor-ney General to add new synthetic drugs, including fentanyl and other analogues, to this new schedule, and make them illegal through an expe-dited, temporary scheduling process. It also authorizes the Attorney Gen-eral to permanently schedule these substances, either in schedule A or in another schedule, like schedule I. This provides the Attorney General with the maximum flexibility needed to better combat these dangerous drugs. Those found guilty of manufacturing, distributing, or dispensing schedule A substances would be subject to existing schedule III penalties, or a maximum of 10 years imprisonment for a first of-fense. The Department of Justice has told my staff that this approach will allow them to act quickly when new and dan-gerous substances threaten our com-munities. Recognizing that the vast majority of synthetic drugs originate from out-side of the United States, the legisla-tion imposes criminal penalties for the illegal import and export of substances designated as schedule A. It also au-thorizes penalties for those who manu-facture or distribute these substances while intending, knowing, or having reasonable cause to believe they will ultimately be imported into the United States. Third, the bill maintains the ability of prosecutors to charge defendants using the Federal Analogue Enforce-ment Act, but clarifies the definition of a controlled substance analogue within the Act. Specifically, the language clarifies that the chemical structure of the sub-stance must be similar to that of schedule I or II controlled substance to be considered a controlled substance analogue. On top of this, the substance must also have a stimulant, depressant or hallucinogenic effect on the body that is similar to a schedule I or II con-trolled substance or the person manu-facturing, distributing or dispensing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.014 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3365 June 8, 2017 
the drug must represent or intend for the drug to have an effect that is simi-lar to a schedule I or II controlled sub-stance. If prosecutors successfully prove a substance is a controlled substance analogue under the new definition, those who traffic the drug could face higher penalties than those assigned to schedule A, because the penalty would be associated with the drug it mimics. Finally, those trafficking these sub-stances do not market them as syn-thetic drugs. Instead, they mislabel the products, which are often sold at gas stations and convenience stores. To prevent this from happening, the bill requires all schedule A substances to be properly labeled and establishes civil penalties for failure to do so. This provision will allow civil en-forcement action to be taken to re-move mislabeled products from the shelves of gas stations and convenience stores. I want to close by sharing the story of one of my constituents, a young man named Connor Eckhardt. Unfortu-nately, a synthetic drug known as Spice claimed his life. Connor took one hit of the drug, which, according to the Drug Enforcement Administration, is a mixture of herbs and spices that is typically sprayed with a synthetic compound chemically similar to THC, the psychoactive ingredient in mari-juana. His brain swelled, causing him to go into a coma, and he never woke up. Sadly, Connor’s story has become all too common. And this is unacceptable. That is why I am pleased to be an original cosponsor of the Stop the Im-portation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act. Law enforcement must have the ability to swiftly bring those who manufacture, distribute, and dis-pense these deadly drugs to justice. I look forward to working with and obtaining feedback from my colleagues and other stakeholders on this bill, which provides new and necessary au-thorities to combat synthetic drugs. 
By Mr. KAINE (for himself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. B ALDWIN , Ms. W
ARREN , Ms. H ASSAN , Mr. L
EAHY , Mrs. G ILLIBRAND , Mr. W
YDEN , Mr. M ARKEY , Mr. F
RANKEN , Mr. M ERKLEY , Mr. B
OOKER , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. B
ROWN ): S. 1328. A bill to extend the protec-tions of the Fair Housing Act to per-sons suffering discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. Mr. KAINE. Mr. President, today, I am introducing the Fair and Equal Housing Act of 2017, legislation to en-sure equal housing opportunities for all Americans. This bill would protect Americans from housing discrimina-tion based on gender identity and sex-ual orientation. No American should be turned away from a home they love be-cause of who they love. I am a former civil rights attorney. And during my practice, I focused on fair housing and I learned that a home is more than just a door, a roof, rooms, and walls. Your home is critical to your identity and central to the life of every American. And a home becomes even more im-portant when you are searching for a safe, stable place to live. But, say you run into problems as you’re trying to rent that dream apartment and it is not because you are not a good tenant or a good neighbor. Instead, you learn that the apartment you wanted is sud-denly no longer available because, after you met the landlord in person, they don’t approve of your personal life or your appearance. Or you learn your rental application cannot be processed because you and your partner share the same sex. Housing discrimination is real. And it is a reality for LGBT Americans be-cause of incomplete protections in the Fair Housing Act (FHA), the landmark federal housing law. The FHA only pro-hibits housing discrimination based on race, color, religion, national origin, sex, familial status, or disability. And if someone thinks this is not a real problem, more than 20 states and over 200 localities protect sexual orienta-tion and gender identity in their own housing discrimination statutes. This is about equality, plain and sim-ple. I want to thank my fellow Vir-ginian, Representative SCOTT TAYLOR , for his leadership on this issue. I also want to thank all the civil rights at-torneys across the nation who fight for justice on this issue every day. This is the right thing to do. 
By Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. M
ERKLEY ): S.J. Res. 45. A joint resolution con-demning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, expressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence; considered and passed. 
S.J. R ES. 45 Whereas, on May 26, 2017, 3 brave commu-nity members—Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, and Micah David-Cole Fletcher—were stabbed as they protected 2 young women who were the targets of threatening anti-Muslim hate speech while riding on the Metropolitan Area Express Light Rail (commonly known as the ‘‘MAX’’) in Portland, Oregon; Whereas Rick Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche lost their lives and Micah David-Cole Fletcher was gravely injured as a result of the attack; Whereas acts of heroism and sacrifice for the safety and sake of others in the face of acts of domestic terrorism were dem-onstrated by the deceased and surviving vic-tims; Whereas Oregonians and people across the United States grieve for the families of all people affected by this needless tragedy; and Whereas the people of the United States stand in solidarity against terrorism, white supremacy, hate, and intolerance: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress— (1) condemns the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, in which 2 inno-cent people were killed and 1 other person was injured while standing up to hate and in-tolerance; (2) offers deepest condolences to the fami-lies and friends of Rick Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche; (3) expresses hope for the swift and com-plete recovery of Micah David-Cole Fletcher; (4) supports community efforts to heal from this terrible crime; and (5) supports nationwide efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence. f SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 188—CON-DEMNING THE RECENT TER-RORIST ATTACKS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, THE PHIL-IPPINES, INDONESIA, EGYPT, IRAQ, AUSTRALIA, AND IRAN AND OFFERING THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS AND SINCERE CONDO-LENCES TO ALL OF THE VIC-TIMS, THEIR FAMILIES, AND THE PEOPLE OF THEIR COUNTRIES Mr. CORKER (for himself and Mr. C
ARDIN ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 188 Whereas since May 22, 2017, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS)has claimed re-sponsibility for multiple terrorist attacks against civilians that have left more than 180 dead and many more wounded. Whereas ISIS frequently claims attacks perpetrated by individual actors or other groups for propaganda purposes. Whereas the people of the United Kingdom are grieving following two terrorist attacks claimed by ISIS in London on June 4 and Manchester on May 22 that targeted and killed innocent men, women, and children. Whereas government forces in the Phil-ippines are currently fighting ISIS militants in Mindanao, including ISIS-affiliated fight-ers from the Philippines, Indonesia, Malay-sia, Chechnya, Saudi Arabia, and Yemen, who launched an assault in Marawi City on May 23 in an apparent effort to establish a caliphate in Southeast Asia. Whereas ISIS has claimed responsibility for two explosions in Jakarta, Indonesia, killing three policemen. Whereas ISIS targeted Coptic Christians in Egypt during an attack on a bus on May 26, killing 29 people. Whereas 22 people were killed when ISIS detonated a car bomb at a Baghdad ice cream parlor, killing Iraqi families gath-ering with their children to break the Rama-dan fast, and then detonated a second bomb killing elderly Iraqis collecting their pen-sions. Whereas a terrorist attack claimed by ISIS killed one person in Melbourne, Australia and wounded three police officers. Whereas on June 7, in an attack claimed by ISIS, at least 12 people were killed when gunmen and suicide bombers targeted Iran’s parliament and a shrine in two coordinated attacks across Tehran. Whereas these reprehensible attacks have no place in a peaceful world: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) condemns ISIS’ horrific terrorist at-tacks in the United Kingdom, the Phil-ippines, Indonesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.015 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3366 June 8, 2017 
(2) expresses its deepest condolences to the victims of these attacks and. their families; (3) expresses solidarity with the people of United Kingdom, the Philippines, Indonesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran; (4) recognizes the threat posed by ISIS and recommits to U.S. leadership in the Global Coalition working to defeat ISIS. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 189—DESIG-NATING THE WEEK OF JUNE 5 THROUGH JUNE 11, 2017, AS ‘‘HEMP HISTORY WEEK’’ Mr. WYDEN (for himself, Mr. P
AUL, Mr. M
ERKLEY , and Mr. M CCONNELL ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 189 Whereas Hemp History Week will be held from June 5 through June 11, 2017; Whereas the goals of Hemp History Week are to commemorate the historical relevance of industrial hemp in the United States and to promote the full growth potential of the industrial hemp industry; Whereas industrial hemp is an agricultural commodity that has been used for centuries to produce many innovative industrial and consumer products, including soap, fabric, textiles, construction materials, clothing, paper, cosmetics, food, and beverages; Whereas the global market for hemp is es-timated to consist of more than 25,000 prod-ucts; Whereas the value of hemp imported into the United States for use in the production of other retail products is estimated at ap-proximately $76,000,000 annually; Whereas the United States hemp industry estimates that the annual market value of hemp retail sales in the United States is more than $570,000,000; Whereas despite the legitimate uses of hemp, many agricultural producers of the United States are prohibited under current law from growing hemp; Whereas because most hemp cannot be grown legally in the United States, raw hemp material and hemp products are im-ported for sale in the United States; Whereas the United States is the largest consumer of hemp products in the world, but the United States is the only major industri-alized country that restricts hemp farming; and Whereas industrial hemp holds great po-tential to bolster the agricultural economy of the United States: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates the week of June 5 through June 11, 2017, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’; (2) recognizes the historical relevance of industrial hemp; and (3) recognizes the growing economic poten-tial of industrial hemp. f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 223. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 224. Mr. SASSE submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 225. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 226. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 227. Mr. MCCONNELL (for Mr. M ORAN  (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS )) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 115, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infrantry Division. SA 228. Mr. M
CCONNELL (for Mr. M ORAN  (for himself and Mr. R
OBERTS )) proposed an amendment to the resolution S. Res. 115, supra. SA 229. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. C ASEY ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and viola-tions of human rights, and for other pur-poses; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 230. Mr. HELLER submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS SA 223. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 31, between lines 12 and 13, insert the following: (7) An assessment of Iran’s cyber capabilities, cyber force structure, and hostile cyber activities targeting the United States, United States inter-ests, the interests of allies and partners of the United States, and interests of Iran’s regional neighbors, including an assessment of the acqui-sition, development, and deployment by Iran of cyber personnel and capabilities. 
SA 224. Mr. SASSE submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
On page 28, line 18, strike ‘‘ AND NORTH AFRICA’’ and insert ‘‘NORTH AFRICA, AND SOUTH AND CENTRAL ASIA’’. On page 29, line 2, strike ‘‘and beyond’’ and insert ‘‘South and Central Asia, and be-yond’’. 
SA 225. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 13. CONDITIONS FOR RETURN OF RUSSIAN DIPLOMATIC FACILITIES. 
Section 205 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 4305) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) Access to the Russian diplomatic fa-cilities in Maryland and New York, which were closed by President Obama in December 2016, in accordance with subsection (b)(3), in response to efforts by the Government of Russia, or its surrogates, to interfere in the 2016 United States presidential campaign, shall be denied to all representatives of the Government of Russia until the Secretary of State, after consultation with Secretary of Treasury and the Attorney General, certifies to Congress that the Government of Russia is no longer conducting cyber-enabled activi-ties that— ‘‘(1) are reasonably likely to result in, or have materially contributed to, a significant threat to the national security, foreign pol-icy, or economic health or financial stability of the United States; or ‘‘(2) have the purpose or effect of— ‘‘(A) harming, or otherwise significantly compromising the provision of services by, a computer or network of computers that sup-port 1 or more entities in the United States in a critical infrastructure sector; ‘‘(B) significantly compromising the provi-sion of services by 1 or more entities in the United States in a critical infrastructure sector; ‘‘(C) causing a significant disruption to the availability of a computer or network of computers in the United States; ‘‘(D) causing a significant misappropria-tion of funds or economic resources, trade se-crets, personal identifiers, or financial infor-mation in the United States for commercial or competitive advantage or private finan-cial gain; or ‘‘(E) tampering with, altering, or causing a misappropriation of information with the purpose or effect of interfering with or un-dermining United States election processes or institutions.’’. SA 226. Mr. VAN HOLLEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with respect to Iran in rela-tion to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
SEC. 13. STRENGTHENING ALLIED CYBERSECU-RITY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Allied Cyberse-curity Act of 2017’’. (b) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) In January 2017, the Director of Na-tional Intelligence (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘DNI’’), in coordination with the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘FBI’’), and the National Security Agency, judged with high confidence that Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influ-ence campaign aimed at the 2016 United States presidential election. (2) The DNI report stated, ‘‘[The Depart-ment of Homeland Security] assesses that the types of systems Russian actors targeted or compromised were not involved in vote tallying.’’. (3) On January 10, 2017, the DNI stated, in testimony before the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, ‘‘We can say that we did not see evidence of the Russians alter-ing vote tallies.’’. (4) On March 20, 2017, FBI Director James Comey stated, in testimony before the Per-manent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, ‘‘We also, as a government, supplied information to all the states so they could equip themselves to make sure there was no successful effort to affect the vote and there was none, as we said earlier.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.019 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3367 June 8, 2017 
(5) The DNI, in coordination with the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency, the FBI, and the National Security Agency, judged that Rus-sia’s intelligence services conducted cyber operations against targets associated with the 2016 United States presidential election. (6) The DNI assessed that the Russian Gov-ernment’s campaign aimed at the United States election featured— (A) disclosures of data obtained through Russian cyber operations; (B) intrusions into United States state and local election boards; and (C) overt propaganda. (7) Russia’s use of public disclosures of Russian-collected data during the United States election was unprecedented. (8) The DNI, in coordination with the Cen-tral Intelligence Agency, the FBI, and the National Security Agency, assessed that Russia will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the United States presidential election to influence fu-ture elections worldwide, including against United States allies and their election proc-esses. (9) In May 2016, Germany’s domestic intel-ligence agency assessed that hackers linked to the Russian Government had targeted Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Christian Demo-cratic Union party and German state com-puters. (10) The head of Germany’s foreign intel-ligence service, Bruno Kahl, later asserted that Germany had ‘‘evidence that cyber-at-tacks are taking place that have no other purpose than to elicit political uncertainty. The perpetrators are interested in delegitimizing the democratic process as such, regardless of who that ends of helping. We have indications that [the attacks] come from the Russian region.’’ In November 2016, German Chancellor Merkel, said, ‘‘such cyber-attacks, or hybrid conflicts as they are known in Russian doctrine, are now part of daily life and we must learn to cope with them’’. (11) On May 9, 2017, Admiral Michael Rog-ers, United States Cyber Command com-mander and Director of the National Secu-rity Agency, testified before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that the United States surveilled Russian hackers at-tack French computer systems as the French election approached. In his testimony, Rog-ers said, ‘‘We had talked to our French coun-terparts prior to the public announcements of the events that were publicly attributed this past weekend, and gave them a heads up, ‘Look we’re watching the Russians, we’re seeing them penetrate some of your infra-structure.’.’’. (12) In February 2017, the United Kingdom’s Defence Secretary Fallon stated that— (A) all North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) countries must support reform ‘‘to make NATO more agile, resilient, and better configured to operate in the contemporary environment including against hybrid and cyber-attacks’’; and (B) ‘‘NATO must defend itself as effec-tively in the cyber sphere as it does in the air, on land, and at sea.’’. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE FEDERAL AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal agencies’’ means— (A) the Department of Defense; (B) the Department of Homeland Security; (C) the Department of Justice; (D) the Department of the Treasury; (E) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; and (F) the Department of Commerce (2) H
YBRID WARFARE .—The term ‘‘hybrid warfare’’ means a military strategy that blends conventional warfare, irregular war-fare, informational warfare, and cyber war-fare. (3) RELEVANT CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘relevant congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (C) the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (D) the Subcommittee on State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (E) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (F) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (H) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (I) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (J) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (K) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (L) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (d) T
RANS -ATLANTIC CYBERSECURITY CO-
OPERATION STRATEGY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal agen-cies, shall develop, and submit to the rel-evant congressional committees, a trans-At-lantic cybersecurity strategy, with a classi-fied annex, if necessary, that includes— (A) a plan of action to guide United States cooperation with North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization (NATO) allies to respond to Rus-sia’s hybrid warfare against NATO allies; (B) a plan of action to guide United States cooperation with European partners, includ-ing non-NATO nations, to counter Russia’s cyber efforts to undermine democratic elec-tions in the United States and Europe; (C) an assessment of nonmilitary tools and tactics, including sanctions, indictments, or other actions that the United States can use, unilaterally or in cooperation with like- minded nations, to counter Russia’s mali-cious cyber activity in the United States and Europe; and (D) a review of resources required by the Department of State and appropriate Federal agencies to conduct activities to build co-operation with NATO allies and European partners on countering Russia’s hybrid war-fare and disinformation efforts. (2) C
IVIL LIBERTIES AND PRIVACY .—The Sec- retary of State shall ensure that the imple-mentation of the strategy described in para-graph (1) is consistent with United States standards for civil liberties and privacy pro-tections. (e) F
EDERAL CYBERSECURITY LIAISON TO  U
NITED STATES PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGNS AND  M
AJOR NATIONAL POLITICAL PARTY COMMIT -
TEES.—The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall appoint, at the rank of Executive Assistant Director, a cybersecu-rity liaison for presidential campaigns and major national political party committees, who, at the request of presidential cam-paigns and major national political party committees, shall— (1) regularly share cybersecurity best prac-tices and protocols with each presidential campaign, the Democratic National Com-mittee, the Republican National Committee, the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Com-mittee, the National Republican Senatorial Committee, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, and the National Re-publican Congressional Committee; and (2) provide the timely sharing of cyberse-curity threats to such campaigns and com-mittees to prevent or mitigate adverse ef-fects from such cybersecurity threats. (f) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary of State, in coordination with the heads of the appropriate Federal agencies, shall submit an annual report to the rel-evant congressional committees on the im-plementation of the trans-Atlantic cyberse-curity cooperation strategy developed under subsection (d). 
SA 227. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
ORAN (for himself and Mr. R OBERTS )) proposed an amendment to the resolu-tion S. Res. 115, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Division; as follows: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: That the Senate— (1) commemorates ‘‘A Century of Service’’, the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Di-vision on June 8, 2017; (2) commends the 1st Infantry Division for continuing to exemplify the motto of the 1st Infantry Division, ‘‘No Mission Too Difficult. No Sacrifice Too Great. Duty First!’’; (3) honors the memory of the more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division who lost their lives in battle; (4) expresses gratitude and support for all 1st Infantry Division soldiers, veterans, and their families, including 1st Infantry Divi-sion soldiers and their families of the past and future and those who are serving as of May 2017; and (5) recognizes that the 1st Infantry Divi-sion holds an honored place in United States history. 
SA 228. Mr. M CCONNELL (for Mr. M
ORAN (for himself and Mr. R OBERTS )) proposed an amendment to the resolu-tion S. Res. 115, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Division; as follows: 
Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas June 8, 2017, is the 100th anniver-sary of the organization of the 1st Infantry Division; Whereas the First Infantry Division was established in 1917 as the first permanent combined arms division in the Regular Army and has been on continuous active duty since 1917; Whereas, from the heroic start of the 1st Infantry Division, the 1st Infantry Division has played an integral part in United States history by serving in— (1) World War I; (2) World War II; (3) the Cold War; (4) the Vietnam War; (5) Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm; (6) the Balkans peacekeeping missions; (7) the War on Terror; and (8) as of May 2017, multiple operations around the globe; Whereas, immediately after its establish-ment, the 1st Division started to build a prestigious reputation for its service in World War I; Whereas, in May 1918, the victory of the 1st Division at the Battle of Cantigny, France, was the first United States victory of World War I, and despite suffering more than 1,000 casualties in that battle, the 1st Division seized the village from German forces, de-fended the village against repeated counter-attacks, and bolstered the morale of the Al-lies; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.023 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3368 June 8, 2017 
Whereas, after the Battle of Cantigny, the 1st Division played a central role in other monumental battles of World War I, such as— (1) the Battle of Soissons; (2) the Battle of Saint-Mihiel; and (3) the Meuse-Argonne Offensive; Whereas 5 soldiers of the 1st Division re-ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor during World War I; Whereas the 1st Division— (1) remained on occupation duty in Ger-many to enforce the Armistice; and (2) in September 1919, was the last combat division to return home after World War I; Whereas, following World War I, the 1st Di-vision was 1 of only 3 United States Army di-visions to remain on active duty, which is a strong testament to its accomplishments; Whereas, in November 1939, the 1st Infan-try Division was called to action again and, in August 1942, became 1 of the first United States divisions sent to the European the-ater during World War II; Whereas, during World War II, the 1st In-fantry Division fought bravely in Algeria, Tunisia, and Sicily in 1942 and 1943 before the courage and resolve of the 1st Infantry Divi-sion was tested on Omaha Beach in Nor-mandy, France; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division, rein-forced by units of the 29th Infantry Division, made the assault landing on Omaha Beach on D-Day, June 6, 1944, which began the lib-eration of Western Europe from Nazi control; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division contin-ued its invaluable service throughout World War II, including in— (1) the liberation of France and Belgium; (2) the seizing of Aachen, the first city of Nazi Germany to fall to the Allies; (3) the Battle of the Huertgen Forest; (4) the Battle of the Bulge, in which the 1st Infantry Division held the critical northern shoulder at Butgenbach, Belgium; (5) the crossing of the Rhine River at Re-magen; (6) the battles around the Ruhr Pocket in Germany; and (7) the offensive into Czechoslovakia, where the 1st Infantry Division liberated Nazi labor camps at Falkenau and Zwodau; Whereas 17 members of the 1st Infantry Di-vision received the Congressional Medal of Honor for their service during World War II; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during World War II, the 1st Infantry Di-vision was the recipient of— (1) 2 French Croix de Guerre with Palm, and Streamers embroidered with ‘‘Kas-serine’’ and ‘‘Normandy’’; (2) the World War II French Fourragere; (3) the Belgian Fourragere; and (4) the subordinate units of the 1st Infantry Division earned numerous Presidential Unit Citations; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division guarded the Nuremburg Trials and remained on occu-pation duty in Germany before returning home to Fort Riley, Kansas, in 1955; Whereas, in 1965, the 1st Infantry Division was 1 of the first 2 divisions sent to the Viet-nam War, and the 1st Infantry Division re-mained in Vietnam for 5 years, during which the 1st Infantry Division— (1) protected the capital, Saigon, from at-tack by the North Vietnamese Army; (2) conducted hundreds of— (A) offensive operations between Saigon and Cambodia against Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army units; and (B) civil action and pacification operations to protect and assist the Vietnamese people; and (3) responded to the 1968 Tet Offensive by clearing Tan Son Nhut Air Force Base of enemy forces, securing Saigon and counter-attacking vigorously; Whereas 12 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Di-vision earned the Congressional Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during the Vietnam War— (1) the 1st Infantry Division was the recipi-ent of— (A) the United States Army Meritorious Unit Commendation; (B) the Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gal-lantry with Palm for the period of 1965 to 1968; and (C) the Republic of Vietnam civic Action Honor Medal, First Class; and (2) the subordinate units of the 1st Infantry Division earned numerous Presidential unit citations and other Army awards; Whereas, from 1970 to 1990 the 1st Infantry Division— (1) was a key component of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization deterrent strat-egy; (2) maintained a forward-stationed brigade in Germany and deployed additional ele-ments annually to Germany on major exer-cises that demonstrated United States re-solve to friend and foe alike; and (3) contributed directly to the peaceful end of the Cold War; Whereas, in November 1990, the 1st Infan-try Division deployed to Saudi Arabia and played a key role in the famous ‘‘left hook’’ attack of the US VII Corps through the deserts of western Iraq to destroy the Tawakalna Division of the vaunted Repub-lican Guard of Saddam Hussein, among many other enemy forces; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Bosnia for 31 months between 1996 and 2000, to Macedonia for 4 months in 1999, and to Kosovo for 22 months between 1999 and 2003— (1) to enforce international peace agree-ments; (2) to halt the worst ethnic violence in Eu-rope since the Holocaust; and (3) to bring peace and stability to the Bal-kans; Whereas, in 2004, the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Iraq in Operation Iraqi Freedom as Task Force Danger and conducted sophis-ticated counterinsurgency operations that led to the first free and fair elections in Iraqi history in 2005; Whereas, between 2005 and 2014, the brigade combat teams and other major headquarters and units of the 1st Infantry Division have deployed repeatedly to Iraq and Afghanistan in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Operation New Dawn; Whereas Specialist Ross A. McGinnis, a 1st Infantry Division soldier, is 1 of the very few people of the United States to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor in the War on Terror; Whereas, in the defense of United States interests, the 1st Infantry Division deployed its units and soldiers to Africa in 2015 and Kuwait in 2016; Whereas, since November 2016, the head-quarters of the 1st Infantry Division has been in Iraq, where the 1st Infantry Division is— (1) engaged in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); and (2) providing the leadership structure for the Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command–Operation Inherent Resolve; Whereas, as of May 2017— (1) the Combat Aviation Brigade, 1st Infan-try Division, is deployed to Afghanistan and is conducting combat aviation operations in support of the Afghan and international se-curity forces battling the Taliban; (2) the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infan-
try Division, is deployed to South Korea, where it bolsters United States deterrence against North Korea; and (3) the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st In-fantry Division, is at Fort Riley, Kansas, where it is honing its combat-readiness in preparation for deployment; and Whereas, since the establishment of the 1st Infantry Division in 1917— (1) the 1st Infantry Division has been present all over the world, assisting in com-bat and noncombat missions for 100 years; (2) more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st In-fantry Division have sacrificed their lives in combat; and (3) 35 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division have received the Medal of Honor: Now, therefore, be it SA 229. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , Mr. M CCAIN, and Mr. C
ASEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanctions with re-spect to Iran in relation to Iran’s bal-listic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and viola-tions of human rights, and for other purposes; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the end, add the following: 
SEC. 13. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE STRATEGIC IMPORTANCE OF ARTICLE 5 OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY TO THE MEMBER NATIONS OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The principle of collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) is immortalized in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty in which members pledge that ‘‘an armed attack against one or more of them in Europe or North America shall be shall be considered an attack against them all’’. (2) For almost 7 decades, the principle of collective defense has effectively served as a strategic deterrent for the member nations of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and provided stability throughout the world, strengthening the security of the United States and all 28 other member nations. (3) Following the September 11, 2001, ter-rorist attacks in New York, Washington, and Pennsylvania, the Alliance agreed to invoke Article 5 for the first time, affirming its commitment to collective defense. (4) The recent attacks in the United King-dom underscore the importance of an inter-national alliance to combat hostile nation states and terrorist groups. (5) Collective defense unites the 29 mem-bers of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion, each committing to protecting and sup-porting one another from external adver-saries, which bolsters the North Atlantic Al-liance. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate— (1) to express the vital importance of Arti-cle 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, the char-ter of the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion (NATO), as it continues to serve as a critical deterrent to potential hostile na-tions and terrorist organizations; (2) to remember the first and only invoca-tion of Article 5 by the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization in support of the United States after the terrorist attacks of Sep-tember 11, 2001; and (3) to affirm that the United States re-mains fully committed to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and will honor its obli-gations enshrined in Article 5. 
SA 230. Mr. HELLER submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill S. 722, to impose sanc-tions with respect to Iran in relation to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.024 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3369 June 8, 2017 
Iran’s ballistic missile program, sup-port for acts of international ter-rorism, and violations of human rights, and for other purposes; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Beginning on page 31, strike line 16 and all that follows through page 35, line 25. At the end, add the following: TITLE II—SANCTIONS WITH RESPECT TO BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN 
SEC. 200. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Bal-listic Missile Sanctions Act’’. 
SEC. 201. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) On April 2, 2015, President Barack Obama said, ‘‘Other American sanctions on Iran for its support of terrorism, its human rights abuses, its ballistic missile program, will continue to be fully enforced.’’. (2) On July 7, 2015, General Martin Dempsey, then-Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said, ‘‘Under no circumstances should we relieve the pressure on Iran rel-ative to ballistic missile capabilities.’’. (3) On July 29, 2015, in his role as the top military officer in the United States and ad-visor to the President, General Dempsey con-firmed that his military recommendation was that sanctions relating to the ballistic missile program of Iran not be lifted. (4) The Government of Iran and Iran’s Rev-olutionary Guard Corps have been respon-sible for the repeated testing of illegal bal-listic missiles capable of carrying a nuclear device, including observed tests in October and November 2015 and March 2016, violating United Nations Security Council resolutions. (5) On October 14, 2015, Samantha Power, United States Ambassador to the United Na-tions, said, ‘‘One of the really important fea-tures in implementation of the recent Iran deal to dismantle Iran’s nuclear program is going to have to be enforcement of the reso-lutions and the standards that remain on the books.’’. (6) On December 11, 2015, the United Na-tions Panel of Experts concluded that the missile launch on October 10, 2015, ‘‘was a violation by Iran of paragraph 9 of Security Council resolution 1929 (2010)’’. (7) On January 17, 2016, Adam Szubin, Act-ing Under Secretary for Terrorism and Fi-nancial Intelligence, stated, ‘‘Iran’s ballistic missile program poses a significant threat to regional and global security, and it will con-tinue to be subject to international sanc-tions. We have consistently made clear that the United States will vigorously press sanc-tions against Iranian activities outside of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action—in-cluding those related to Iran’s support for terrorism, regional destabilization, human rights abuses, and ballistic missile pro-gram.’’. (8) On February 9, 2016, James Clapper, Di-rector of National Intelligence, testified that, ‘‘We judge that Tehran would choose ballistic missiles as its preferred method of delivering nuclear weapons, if it builds them. Iran’s ballistic missiles are inherently capa-ble of delivering WMD, and Tehran already has the largest inventory of ballistic missiles in the Middle East. Iran’s progress on space launch vehicles—along with its desire to deter the United States and its allies—pro-vides Tehran with the means and motivation to develop longer-range missiles, including ICBMs.’’. (9) On March 9, 2016, Iran reportedly fired two Qadr ballistic missiles with a range of more than 1,000 miles and according to pub-lic reports, the missiles were marked with a statement in Hebrew reading, ‘‘Israel must be wiped off the arena of time.’’. (10) On March 11, 2016, Ambassador Power called the recent ballistic missile launches by Iran ‘‘provocative and destabilizing’’ and called on the international community to ‘‘degrade Iran’s missile program’’. (11) On March 14, 2016, Ambassador Power said that the recent ballistic missile launches by Iran were ‘‘in defiance of provi-sions of UN Security Council Resolution 2231’’. (12) Iran has demonstrated the ability to launch multiple rockets from fortified un-derground facilities and mobile launch sites not previously known. (13) The ongoing procurement by Iran of technologies needed to boost the range, accu-racy, and payloads of its diverse ballistic missile arsenal represents a threat to de-ployed personnel of the United States and al-lies of the United States in Europe and the Middle East, including Israel. (14) Ashton Carter, Secretary of Defense, testified in a hearing before the Armed Serv-ices Committee of the Senate on July 7, 2015, that, ‘‘[T]he reason that we want to stop Iran from having an ICBM program is that the I in ICBM stands for intercontinental, which means having the capability to fly from Iran to the United States, and we don’t want that. That’s why we oppose ICBMs.’’. (15) Through recent ballistic missile launch tests the Government of Iran has shown blatant disregard for international laws and its intention to continue tests of that nature throughout the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. (16) The banking sector of Iran has facili-tated the financing of the ballistic missile programs in Iran and evidence has not been provided that entities in that sector have ceased facilitating the financing of those programs. (17) Iran has been able to amass a large ar-senal of ballistic missiles through its illicit smuggling networks and domestic manufac-turing capabilities that have been supported and maintained by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps and specific sectors of the econ-omy of Iran. (18) Penetration by Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps into the economy of Iran is well documented including investments in the construction, automotive, telecommuni-cations, electronics, mining, metallurgy, and petrochemical sectors of the economy of Iran. (19) Items procured through sectors of Iran specified in paragraph (18) have dual use ap-plications that are currently being used to create ballistic missiles in Iran and will con-tinue to be a source of materials for the cre-ation of future weapons. (20) In order to curb future illicit activity by Iran, the Government of the United States and the international community must take action against persons that facili-tate and profit from the illegal acquisition of ballistic missile parts and technology in sup-port of the missile programs of Iran. 
SEC. 202. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the ballistic missile program of Iran represents a serious threat to allies of the United States in the Middle East and Eu-rope, members of the Armed Forces deployed in the those regions, and ultimately the United States; (2) the testing and production by Iran of ballistic missiles capable of carrying a nu-clear device is a clear violation of United Na-tions Security Council Resolution 2231 (2015), which was unanimously adopted by the international community; (3) Iran is using its space launch program to develop the capabilities necessary to de-ploy an intercontinental ballistic missile that could threaten the United States, and the Director of National Intelligence has as-sessed that Iran would use ballistic missiles as its ‘‘preferred method of delivering nu-clear weapons’’; and (4) the Government of the United States should impose tough primary and secondary sanctions against any sector of the economy of Iran or any Iranian person that directly or indirectly supports the ballistic missile pro-gram of Iran as well as any foreign person or financial institution that engages in trans-actions or trade that support that program. SEC. 203. EXPANSION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO EFFORTS BY IRAN TO AC-QUIRE BALLISTIC MISSILE AND RE-LATED TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) C ERTAIN PERSONS .—Section 1604(a) of the Iran-Iraq Arms Non-Proliferation Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–484; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘, to acquire bal-listic missile or related technology,’’ after ‘‘nuclear weapons’’. (b) F
OREIGN COUNTRIES .—Section 1605(a) of the Iran-Iraq Arms Non-Proliferation Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–484; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘, to acquire ballistic missile or related technology,’’ after ‘‘nu-clear weapons’’. 
SEC. 204. EXPANSION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS THAT ACQUIRE OR DEVELOP BALLISTIC MISSILES. 
Section 5(b)(1)(B) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘would likely’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (C) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) acquire or develop ballistic missiles and the capability to launch ballistic mis-siles; or’’. 
SEC. 205. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO BALLISTIC MISSILE PRO-GRAM OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 (22 U.S.C. 8721 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Measures Relating to Ballistic Missile Program of Iran 
‘‘SEC. 231. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) A
GRICULTURAL COMMODITY .—The term ‘agricultural commodity’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of the Agricul-tural Trade Act of 1978 (7 U.S.C. 5602). ‘‘(2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(A) the committees specified in section 14(2) of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note); and ‘‘(B) the congressional defense committees, as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(3) C
ORRESPONDENT ACCOUNT ; PAYABLE - 
THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘cor-respondent account’ and ‘payable-through account’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(4) F
OREIGN FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘foreign financial institution’ has the meaning of that term as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to sec-tion 104(i) of the Comprehensive Iran Sanc-tions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513(i)). ‘‘(5) G
OOD.—The term ‘good’ has the mean-ing given that term in section 16 of the Ex-port Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4618) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.025 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3370 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(6) G OVERNMENT .—The term ‘Govern-ment’, with respect to a foreign country, in-cludes any agencies or instrumentalities of that Government and any entities controlled by that Government. ‘‘(7) M
EDICAL DEVICE .—The term ‘medical device’ has the meaning given the term ‘de-vice’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(8) M
EDICINE .—The term ‘medicine’ has the meaning given the term ‘drug’ in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATIONS OF SIGNIFICANCE .— For purposes of this subtitle, in determining if financial transactions or financial services are significant, the President may consider the totality of the facts and circumstances, including factors similar to the factors set forth in section 561.404 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations (or any corresponding similar regulation or ruling). 
‘‘SEC. 232. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO PERSONS THAT SUPPORT THE BALLISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) I DENTIFICATION OF PERSONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days there-after, the President shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of State, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report identifying persons that have know-ingly aided the Government of Iran in the development of the ballistic missile program of Iran. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: ‘‘(A) An identification of persons (disaggregated by Iranian and non-Iranian persons) that have knowingly aided the Gov-ernment of Iran in the development of the ballistic missile program of Iran, including persons that have— ‘‘(i) knowingly engaged in the direct or in-direct provision of material support to such program; ‘‘(ii) knowingly facilitated, supported, or engaged in activities to further the develop-ment of such program; ‘‘(iii) knowingly transmitted information relating to ballistic missiles to the Govern-ment of Iran; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise knowingly aided such pro-gram. ‘‘(B) A description of the character and sig-nificance of the cooperation of each person identified under subparagraph (A) with the Government of Iran with respect to such pro-gram. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the cooperation of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with the Government of Iran with respect to such program. ‘‘(3) C
LASSIFIED ANNEX .—Each report re-quired by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classi-fied annex. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after submitting a report required by sub-section (a)(1), the President shall, in accord-ance with the International Emergency Eco-nomic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person specified in such report if such prop-erty and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(c) EXCLUSION FROMUNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien subject to blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, con-ducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 233. BLOCKING OF PROPERTY OF PERSONS AFFILIATED WITH CERTAIN IRANIAN ENTITIES. 
‘‘(a) B LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person described in paragraph (3) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(3) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person de-scribed in this paragraph is— ‘‘(A) an entity that is owned, directly or indirectly, by a 25 percent or greater inter-est— ‘‘(i) by the Aerospace Industries Organiza-tion, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group; or ‘‘(ii) collectively by a group of individuals that hold an interest in the Aerospace Indus-tries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat In-dustrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Industrial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such orga-nization or group, even if none of those indi-viduals hold a 25 percent or greater interest in the entity; ‘‘(B) a person that controls, manages, or directs an entity described in subparagraph (A); or ‘‘(C) an individual who is on the board of directors of an entity described in subpara-graph (A). ‘‘(b) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, con-ducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (a). ‘‘(c) IRAN MISSILE PROLIFERATION WATCH  L
IST.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Sec-retary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and pub-lish in the Federal Register a list of— ‘‘(A) each entity in which the Aerospace Industries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Indus-trial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group has an ownership in-terest of more than 0 percent and less than 25 percent; ‘‘(B) each entity in which the Aerospace Industries Organization, the Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group, the Shahid Bakeri Indus-trial Group, or any agent or affiliate of such organization or group does not have an own-ership interest but maintains a presence on the board of directors of the entity or other-wise influences the actions, policies, or per-sonnel decisions of the entity; and ‘‘(C) each person that controls, manages, or directs an entity described in subpara-graph (A) or (B). ‘‘(2) R
EFERENCE .—The list required by paragraph (1) may be referred to as the ‘Iran Missile Proliferation Watch List’. ‘‘(d) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a review of each list required by subsection (c)(1); and ‘‘(B) not later than 60 days after each such list is submitted to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress under that subsection, sub-mit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the review conducted under subparagraph (A) that includes a list of per-sons not included in that list that qualify for inclusion in that list, as determined by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1)(B), the Comp-troller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. 
‘‘SEC. 234. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN PERSONS IN-VOLVED IN BALLISTIC MISSILE AC-TIVITIES. 
‘‘(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a cer-tification that each person listed in an annex of United Nations Security Council Resolu-tion 1737 (2006), 1747 (2007), or 1929 (2010) is not directly or indirectly facilitating, sup-porting, or involved with the development of or transfer to Iran of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or tech-nology information relating to ballistic mis-siles. ‘‘(b) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the President is unable to make a certification under subsection (a) with respect to a person and the person is not currently subject to sanctions with re-spect to Iran under any other provision of law, the President shall, not later than 15 days after that certification would have been required under that subsection— ‘‘(A) in accordance with the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all trans-actions in all property and interests in prop-erty of that person if such property and in-terests in property are in the United States, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.025 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3371 June 8, 2017 
come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person; and ‘‘(B) publish in the Federal Register a re-port describing the reason why the President was unable to make a certification with re-spect to that person. ‘‘(2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(c) E
XCLUSION FROMUNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Home-land Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien subject to blocking of prop-erty and interests in property under sub-section (b). ‘‘(2) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if ad-mission to the United States is necessary to permit the United States to comply with the Agreement regarding the Headquarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force Novem-ber 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(d) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—The President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict condi-tions on the maintaining, in the United States of a correspondent account or a pay-able-through account by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, con-ducts or facilitates a significant financial transaction for a person subject to blocking of property and interests in property under subsection (b). 
‘‘SEC. 235. IMPOSITION OF SANCTIONS WITH RE-SPECT TO CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) L IST OF SECTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, and not less frequently than once every 180 days there-after, the President shall submit to the ap-propriate committees of Congress and pub-lish in the Federal Register a list of the sec-tors of the economy of Iran that are directly or indirectly facilitating, supporting, or in-volved with the development of or transfer to Iran of ballistic missiles or technology, parts, components, or technology informa-tion relating to ballistic missiles. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN SECTORS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of the Iran Bal-listic Missile Sanctions Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a determination as to whether each of the automotive, chemical, computer science, construction, electronic, energy, metallurgy, mining, petrochemical, research (including universities and research institu-tions), and telecommunications sectors of Iran meet the criteria specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NCLUSION IN INITIAL LIST .—If the President determines under subparagraph (A) that the sectors of the economy of Iran specified in such subparagraph meet the cri-teria specified in paragraph (1), that sector shall be included in the initial list submitted and published under that paragraph. ‘‘(b) S
ANCTIONS WITHRESPECT TO SPECIFIED  S
ECTORS OF IRAN.— ‘‘(1) B
LOCKING OF PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall, in accordance with the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), block and prohibit all transactions in all property and interests in property of any person described in paragraph (4) if such property and interests in property are in the United States, come within the United States, or are or come within the possession or control of a United States person. ‘‘(B) INAPPLICABILITY OF NATIONAL EMER -
GENCY REQUIREMENT .—The requirements under section 202 of the International Emer-gency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701) shall not apply for purposes of this para-graph. ‘‘(2) E
XCLUSION FROM UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall exclude from the United States, any alien that is a person de-scribed in paragraph (4). ‘‘(B) C
OMPLIANCE WITH UNITED NATIONS  
HEADQUARTERS AGREEMENT .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to the head of state of Iran, or necessary staff of that head of state, if admission to the United States is nec-essary to permit the United States to com-ply with the Agreement regarding the Head-quarters of the United Nations, signed at Lake Success June 26, 1947, and entered into force November 21, 1947, between the United Nations and the United States. ‘‘(3) F
ACILITATION OF CERTAIN TRANS -
ACTIONS .—Except as provided in this section, the President shall prohibit the opening, and prohibit or impose strict conditions on the maintaining, in the United States of a cor-respondent account or a payable-through ac-count by a foreign financial institution that the President determines knowingly, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, conducts or facilitates a sig-nificant financial transaction for a person described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) P
ERSONS DESCRIBED .—A person is de-scribed in this paragraph if the President de-termines that the person, on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the en-actment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanc-tions Act— ‘‘(A) operates in a sector of the economy of Iran included in the most recent list pub-lished by the President under subsection (a); ‘‘(B) knowingly provides significant finan-cial, material, technological, or other sup-port to, or goods or services in support of, any activity or transaction on behalf of or for the benefit of a person described in sub-paragraph (A); or ‘‘(C) is owned or controlled by a person de-scribed in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(c) H
UMANITARIAN EXCEPTION .—The Presi-dent may not impose sanctions under this section with respect to any person for con-ducting or facilitating a transaction for the sale of agricultural commodities, food, medi-cine, or medical devices to Iran or for the provision of humanitarian assistance to the people of Iran. 
‘‘SEC. 236. IDENTIFICATION OF FOREIGN PER-SONS THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN IN CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the Iran Ballistic Missile Sanctions Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the President shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress and publish in the Federal Register a list of all foreign persons that have, based on credible information, di-rectly or indirectly facilitated, supported, or been involved with the development of bal-listic missiles or technology, parts, compo-nents, or technology information related to ballistic missiles in the following sectors of the economy of Iran during the period speci-fied in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) Automotive. ‘‘(2) Chemical. ‘‘(3) Computer Science. ‘‘(4) Construction. ‘‘(5) Electronic. ‘‘(6) Energy. ‘‘(7) Metallurgy. ‘‘(8) Mining. ‘‘(9) Petrochemical. ‘‘(10) Research (including universities and research institutions). ‘‘(11) Telecommunications. ‘‘(12) Any other sector of the economy of Iran identified under section 235(a). ‘‘(b) PERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period speci-fied in this subsection is— ‘‘(1) with respect to the first list submitted under subsection (a), the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Iran Bal-listic Missile Sanctions Act and ending on the date that is 120 days after such date of enactment; and ‘‘(2) with respect to each subsequent list submitted under such subsection, the one- year period preceding the submission of the list. ‘‘(c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to each list submitted under subsection (a), not later than 120 days after the list is submitted under that subsection, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— ‘‘(A) an assessment of the processes fol-lowed by the President in preparing the list; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the foreign persons included in the list; and ‘‘(C) a list of persons not included in the list that qualify for inclusion in the list, as determined by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) C
ONSULTATIONS .—In preparing the re-port required by paragraph (1), the Comp-troller General shall consult with non-governmental organizations. ‘‘(d) C
REDIBLE INFORMATION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘credible information’ has the meaning given that term in section 14 of the Iran Sanctions Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–172; 50 U.S.C. 1701 note).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012 is amended by inserting after the item relating to sec-tion 224 the following: ‘‘Subtitle C—Measures Relating to Ballistic Missile Program of Iran ‘‘Sec. 231. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 232. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to persons that support the ballistic missile program of Iran. ‘‘Sec. 233. Blocking of property of persons affiliated with certain Iranian entities. ‘‘Sec. 234. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain persons in-volved in ballistic missile ac-tivities. ‘‘Sec. 235. Imposition of sanctions with re-spect to certain sectors of Iran that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran. ‘‘Sec. 236. Identification of foreign persons that support the ballistic mis-sile program of Iran in certain sectors of Iran.’’. 
SEC. 206. EXPANSION OF MANDATORY SANC-TIONS WITH RESPECT TO FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS THAT ENGAGE IN CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS RELATING TO BALLISTIC MISSILE CAPABILI-TIES OF IRAN. 
Section 104 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8513) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and in-serting a semicolon; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.025 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3372 June 8, 2017 
(ii) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (iii) by inserting after clause (i) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(ii) to acquire or develop ballistic missiles and capabilities and launch technology re-lating to ballistic missiles; or’’; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(ii)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (iii) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) Iran’s development of ballistic mis-siles and capabilities and launch technology relating to ballistic missiles; or’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and moving those subparagraphs, as so redes-ignated, two ems to the right; (B) by striking ‘‘W
AIVER .—The’’ and insert-ing ‘‘W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of the Treasury may not waive under paragraph (1) the application of a prohibition or condition imposed with respect to an activity de-scribed in subparagraph (A)(ii) or (E)(ii)(II) of subsection (c)(2).’’. 
SEC. 207. DISCLOSURE TO THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OF ACTIVI-TIES WITH CERTAIN SECTORS OF IRAN THAT SUPPORT THE BAL-LISTIC MISSILE PROGRAM OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13(r)(1) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(r)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) knowingly engaged in any activity for which sanctions may be imposed under sec-tion 235 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012; or’’. (b) I
NVESTIGATIONS .—Section 13(r)(5)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended by striking ‘‘an Executive order specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 235 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, an Executive order specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (1)(E)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 13(r)(5) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is amended, in the matter preceding subpara-graph (A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)(iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (E)(iii)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect with respect to reports required to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 208. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall prescribe regulations to carry out this title and the amendments made by this title. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have 8 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: COMMITTEE ON BANKING , HOUSING , AND URBAN  
AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 8, 2017 at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing entitled, ‘‘Fostering Economic Growth: The Role of Finan-cial Institutions in Local Commu-nities’’. 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to hold a meeting during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 8, 2017, at 10 a.m. in room 253 of the Rus-sell Senate Office Building. 
COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL  
RESOURCES  
The Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate in order to hold a hearing on Thursday, June 8, 2017 at 10 a.m. in Room 366 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building in Washington, DC. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Thursday, June 8, 2017, at 9:45 a.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2018 Budget.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Thursday, June 8, 2017 at 10 a.m., to hold a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Beyond Iraq and Syria: ISIS’ Global Reach.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate, on June 8, 2017, at 9:30 a.m., in SD–226 of the Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct an execu-tive business meeting. 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, June 8, 2017 from 10 a.m., in room SH–216 of the Senate Hart Office Building to hold an open hearing entitled ‘‘Open Hearing with Former CIA Director James Comey.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE  
The Senate Select Committee on In-telligence is authorized to meet during the session of the 115th Congress of the U.S. Senate on Thursday, June 8, 2017 from 1 p.m., in room SH–219 of the Sen-ate Hart Office Building to hold a closed hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Ms. MURKOWSKI. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that privileges of the floor be granted to my interns for the remainder of the month of June 2017. Those interns are Claire Faulk-ner, Fiona Kelty, Jackson Blackwell, Jaden Frazier, James Flemings, Kinani Halvorsen, Mary Crowley, Tasha Elizarde, Taylor Holman, Tristan Douville, Fatos Redzepi, and Aimee Bushnell. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
CONDEMNING THE DEADLY AT-TACK ON MAY 26, 2017, IN PORT-LAND, OREGON Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S.J. Res. 45, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the joint resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A joint resolution (S.J. Res. 45) con-demning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, expressing deepest con-dolences to the families and friends of the victims, and supporting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the joint resolu-tion. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the joint resolution be considered read a third time and passed, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The joint resolution (S.J. Res. 45) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed. The preamble was agreed to. The joint resolution, with its pre-amble, reads as follows: 
S.J. R ES. 45 Whereas, on May 26, 2017, 3 brave commu-nity members—Rick Best, Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche, and Micah David-Cole Fletcher—were stabbed as they protected 2 young women who were the targets of threatening anti-Muslim hate speech while riding on the Metropolitan Area Express Light Rail (commonly known as the ‘‘MAX’’) in Portland, Oregon; Whereas Rick Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche lost their lives and Micah David-Cole Fletcher was gravely injured as a result of the attack; Whereas acts of heroism and sacrifice for the safety and sake of others in the face of acts of domestic terrorism were dem-onstrated by the deceased and surviving vic-tims; Whereas Oregonians and people across the United States grieve for the families of all people affected by this needless tragedy; and Whereas the people of the United States stand in solidarity against terrorism, white supremacy, hate, and intolerance: Now, therefore, be it Resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That Congress— (1) condemns the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, in which 2 inno-cent people were killed and 1 other person 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:30 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.025 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3373 June 8, 2017 
was injured while standing up to hate and in-tolerance; (2) offers deepest condolences to the fami-lies and friends of Rick Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai-Meche; (3) expresses hope for the swift and com-plete recovery of Micah David-Cole Fletcher; (4) supports community efforts to heal from this terrible crime; and (5) supports nationwide efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and violence. f 
COMMEMORATING THE 100TH ANNI-VERSARY OF THE 1ST INFANTRY DIVISION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Armed Services Committee be discharged from further consideration of and the Senate now proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 115. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 115) commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Di-vision. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Moran amendment to the resolution be con-sidered and agreed to; the resolution, as amended, be agreed to; the Moran amendment to the preamble be consid-ered and agreed to; the preamble, as amended, be agreed to; and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendment (No. 227) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide a complete substitute) Strike all after the resolving clause and in-sert the following: That the Senate— (1) commemorates ‘‘A Century of Service’’, the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Di-vision on June 8, 2017; (2) commends the 1st Infantry Division for continuing to exemplify the motto of the 1st Infantry Division, ‘‘No Mission Too Difficult. No Sacrifice Too Great. Duty First!’’; (3) honors the memory of the more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division who lost their lives in battle; (4) expresses gratitude and support for all 1st Infantry Division soldiers, veterans, and their families, including 1st Infantry Divi-sion soldiers and their families of the past and future and those who are serving as of May 2017; and (5) recognizes that the 1st Infantry Divi-sion holds an honored place in United States history. 
The resolution (S. Res. 115), as amended, was agreed to. The amendment (No. 228) in the na-ture of a substitute was agreed to, as follows: 
(Purpose: To provide a complete substitute) Strike the preamble and insert the fol-lowing: Whereas June 8, 2017, is the 100th anniver-sary of the organization of the 1st Infantry Division; Whereas the First Infantry Division was established in 1917 as the first permanent combined arms division in the Regular Army and has been on continuous active duty since 1917; Whereas, from the heroic start of the 1st Infantry Division, the 1st Infantry Division has played an integral part in United States history by serving in— (1) World War I; (2) World War II; (3) the Cold War; (4) the Vietnam War; (5) Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm; (6) the Balkans peacekeeping missions; (7) the War on Terror; and (8) as of May 2017, multiple operations around the globe; Whereas, immediately after its establish-ment, the 1st Division started to build a prestigious reputation for its service in World War I; Whereas, in May 1918, the victory of the 1st Division at the Battle of Cantigny, France, was the first United States victory of World War I, and despite suffering more than 1,000 casualties in that battle, the 1st Division seized the village from German forces, de-fended the village against repeated counter-attacks, and bolstered the morale of the Al-lies; Whereas, after the Battle of Cantigny, the 1st Division played a central role in other monumental battles of World War I, such as— (1) the Battle of Soissons; (2) the Battle of Saint-Mihiel; and (3) the Meuse-Argonne Offensive; Whereas 5 soldiers of the 1st Division re-ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor during World War I; Whereas the 1st Division— (1) remained on occupation duty in Ger-many to enforce the Armistice; and (2) in September 1919, was the last combat division to return home after World War I; Whereas, following World War I, the 1st Di-vision was 1 of only 3 United States Army di-visions to remain on active duty, which is a strong testament to its accomplishments; Whereas, in November 1939, the 1st Infan-try Division was called to action again and, in August 1942, became 1 of the first United States divisions sent to the European the-ater during World War II; Whereas, during World War II, the 1st In-fantry Division fought bravely in Algeria, Tunisia, and Sicily in 1942 and 1943 before the courage and resolve of the 1st Infantry Divi-sion was tested on Omaha Beach in Nor-mandy, France; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division, rein-forced by units of the 29th Infantry Division, made the assault landing on Omaha Beach on D-Day, June 6, 1944, which began the lib-eration of Western Europe from Nazi control; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division contin-ued its invaluable service throughout World War II, including in— (1) the liberation of France and Belgium; (2) the seizing of Aachen, the first city of Nazi Germany to fall to the Allies; (3) the Battle of the Huertgen Forest; (4) the Battle of the Bulge, in which the 1st Infantry Division held the critical northern shoulder at Butgenbach, Belgium; (5) the crossing of the Rhine River at Re-magen; (6) the battles around the Ruhr Pocket in Germany; and (7) the offensive into Czechoslovakia, where the 1st Infantry Division liberated Nazi labor camps at Falkenau and Zwodau; Whereas 17 members of the 1st Infantry Di-vision received the Congressional Medal of Honor for their service during World War II; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during World War II, the 1st Infantry Di-vision was the recipient of— (1) 2 French Croix de Guerre with Palm, and Streamers embroidered with ‘‘Kas-serine’’ and ‘‘Normandy’’; (2) the World War II French Fourragere; (3) the Belgian Fourragere; and (4) the subordinate units of the 1st Infantry Division earned numerous Presidential Unit Citations; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division guarded the Nuremburg Trials and remained on occu-pation duty in Germany before returning home to Fort Riley, Kansas, in 1955; Whereas, in 1965, the 1st Infantry Division was 1 of the first 2 divisions sent to the Viet-nam War, and the 1st Infantry Division re-mained in Vietnam for 5 years, during which the 1st Infantry Division— (1) protected the capital, Saigon, from at-tack by the North Vietnamese Army; (2) conducted hundreds of— (A) offensive operations between Saigon and Cambodia against Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army units; and (B) civil action and pacification operations to protect and assist the Vietnamese people; and (3) responded to the 1968 Tet Offensive by clearing Tan Son Nhut Air Force Base of enemy forces, securing Saigon and counter-attacking vigorously; Whereas 12 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Di-vision earned the Congressional Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War; Whereas, in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during the Vietnam War— (1) the 1st Infantry Division was the recipi-ent of— (A) the United States Army Meritorious Unit Commendation; (B) the Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gal-lantry with Palm for the period of 1965 to 1968; and (C) the Republic of Vietnam civic Action Honor Medal, First Class; and (2) the subordinate units of the 1st Infantry Division earned numerous Presidential unit citations and other Army awards; Whereas, from 1970 to 1990 the 1st Infantry Division— (1) was a key component of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization deterrent strat-egy; (2) maintained a forward-stationed brigade in Germany and deployed additional ele-ments annually to Germany on major exer-cises that demonstrated United States re-solve to friend and foe alike; and (3) contributed directly to the peaceful end of the Cold War; Whereas, in November 1990, the 1st Infan-try Division deployed to Saudi Arabia and played a key role in the famous ‘‘left hook’’ attack of the US VII Corps through the deserts of western Iraq to destroy the Tawakalna Division of the vaunted Repub-lican Guard of Saddam Hussein, among many other enemy forces; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Bosnia for 31 months between 1996 and 2000, to Macedonia for 4 months in 1999, and to Kosovo for 22 months between 1999 and 2003— (1) to enforce international peace agree-ments; (2) to halt the worst ethnic violence in Eu-rope since the Holocaust; and (3) to bring peace and stability to the Bal-kans; Whereas, in 2004, the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Iraq in Operation Iraqi Freedom as Task Force Danger and conducted sophis-ticated counterinsurgency operations that led to the first free and fair elections in Iraqi history in 2005; Whereas, between 2005 and 2014, the brigade combat teams and other major headquarters and units of the 1st Infantry Division have deployed repeatedly to Iraq and Afghanistan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.032 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3374 June 8, 2017 
in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Operation New Dawn; Whereas Specialist Ross A. McGinnis, a 1st Infantry Division soldier, is 1 of the very few people of the United States to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor in the War on Terror; Whereas, in the defense of United States interests, the 1st Infantry Division deployed its units and soldiers to Africa in 2015 and Kuwait in 2016; Whereas, since November 2016, the head-quarters of the 1st Infantry Division has been in Iraq, where the 1st Infantry Division is— (1) engaged in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); and (2) providing the leadership structure for the Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command–Operation Inherent Resolve; Whereas, as of May 2017— (1) the Combat Aviation Brigade, 1st Infan-try Division, is deployed to Afghanistan and is conducting combat aviation operations in support of the Afghan and international se-curity forces battling the Taliban; (2) the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infan-try Division, is deployed to South Korea, where it bolsters United States deterrence against North Korea; and (3) the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st In-fantry Division, is at Fort Riley, Kansas, where it is honing its combat-readiness in preparation for deployment; and Whereas, since the establishment of the 1st Infantry Division in 1917— (1) the 1st Infantry Division has been present all over the world, assisting in com-bat and noncombat missions for 100 years; (2) more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st In-fantry Division have sacrificed their lives in combat; and (3) 35 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division have received the Medal of Honor: Now, therefore, be it 
The preamble, as amended, was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, with its preamble, as amended, reads as follows: 
S. R ES. 115 Whereas June 8, 2017, is the 100th anniver-sary of the organization of the 1st Infantry Division; Whereas the First Infantry Division was established in 1917 as the first permanent combined arms division in the Regular Army and has been on continuous active duty since 1917; Whereas from the heroic start of the 1st In-fantry Division, the 1st Infantry Division has played an integral part in United States his-tory by serving in— (1) World War I; (2) World War II; (3) the Cold War; (4) the Vietnam War; (5) Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm; (6) the Balkans peacekeeping missions; (7) the War on Terror; and (8) as of May 2017, multiple operations around the globe; Whereas immediately after its establish-ment, the 1st Division started to build a prestigious reputation for its service in World War I; Whereas in May 1918, the victory of the 1st Division at the Battle of Cantigny, France, was the first United States victory of World War I, and despite suffering more than 1,000 casualties in that battle, the 1st Division seized the village from German forces, de-fended the village against repeated counter-attacks, and bolstered the morale of the Al-lies; Whereas after the Battle of Cantigny, the 1st Division played a central role in other monumental battles of World War I, such as— (1) the Battle of Soissons; (2) the Battle of Saint-Mihiel; and (3) the Meuse-Argonne Offensive; Whereas 5 soldiers of the 1st Division re-ceived the Congressional Medal of Honor during World War I; Whereas the 1st Division— (1) remained on occupation duty in Ger-many to enforce the Armistice; and (2) in September 1919, was the last combat division to return home after World War I; Whereas following World War I, the 1st Di-vision was 1 of only 3 United States Army di-visions to remain on active duty, which is a strong testament to its accomplishments; Whereas in November 1939, the 1st Infantry Division was called to action again and, in August 1942, became 1 of the first United States divisions sent to the European the-ater during World War II; Whereas during World War II, the 1st In-fantry Division fought bravely in Algeria, Tunisia, and Sicily in 1942 and 1943 before the courage and resolve of the 1st Infantry Divi-sion was tested on Omaha Beach in Nor-mandy, France; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division, rein-forced by units of the 29th Infantry Division, made the assault landing on Omaha Beach on D-Day, June 6, 1944, which began the lib-eration of Western Europe from Nazi control; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division contin-ued its invaluable service throughout World War II, including in— (1) the liberation of France and Belgium; (2) the seizing of Aachen, the first city of Nazi Germany to fall to the Allies; (3) the Battle of the Huertgen Forest; (4) the Battle of the Bulge, in which the 1st Infantry Division held the critical northern shoulder at Butgenbach, Belgium; (5) the crossing of the Rhine River at Re-magen; (6) the battles around the Ruhr Pocket in Germany; and (7) the offensive into Czechoslovakia, where the 1st Infantry Division liberated Nazi labor camps at Falkenau and Zwodau; Whereas 17 members of the 1st Infantry Di-vision received the Congressional Medal of Honor for their service during World War II; Whereas in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during World War II, the 1st Infantry Di-vision was the recipient of— (1) 2 French Croix de Guerre with Palm, and Streamers embroidered with ‘‘Kas-serine’’ and ‘‘Normandy’’; (2) the World War II French Fourragere; (3) the Belgian Fourragere; and (4) the subordinate units of the 1st Infantry Division earned numerous Presidential Unit Citations; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division guarded the Nuremburg Trials and remained on occu-pation duty in Germany before returning home to Fort Riley, Kansas, in 1955; Whereas in 1965, the 1st Infantry Division was 1 of the first 2 divisions sent to the Viet-nam War, and the 1st Infantry Division re-mained in Vietnam for 5 years, during which the 1st Infantry Division— (1) protected the capital, Saigon, from at-tack by the North Vietnamese Army; (2) conducted hundreds of— (A) offensive operations between Saigon and Cambodia against Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army units; and (B) civil action and pacification operations to protect and assist the Vietnamese people; and (3) responded to the 1968 Tet Offensive by clearing Tan Son Nhut Air Force Base of enemy forces, securing Saigon and counter-attacking vigorously; Whereas 12 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Di-vision earned the Congressional Medal of Honor during the Vietnam War; Whereas in recognition of exemplary serv-ice during the Vietnam War— (1) the 1st Infantry Division was the recipi-ent of— (A) the United States Army Meritorious Unit Commendation; (B) the Republic of Vietnam Cross of Gal-lantry with Palm for the period of 1965 to 1968; and (C) the Republic of Vietnam civic Action Honor Medal, First Class; and (2) the subordinate units of the 1st Infantry Division earned numerous Presidential unit citations and other Army awards; Whereas from 1970 to 1990 the 1st Infantry Division— (1) was a key component of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization deterrent strat-egy; (2) maintained a forward-stationed brigade in Germany and deployed additional ele-ments annually to Germany on major exer-cises that demonstrated United States re-solve to friend and foe alike; and (3) contributed directly to the peaceful end of the Cold War; Whereas in November 1990, the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Saudi Arabia and played a key role in the famous ‘‘left hook’’ attack of the US VII Corps through the deserts of western Iraq to destroy the Tawakalna Division of the vaunted Repub-lican Guard of Saddam Hussein, among many other enemy forces; Whereas the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Bosnia for 31 months between 1996 and 2000, to Macedonia for 4 months in 1999, and to Kosovo for 22 months between 1999 and 2003— (1) to enforce international peace agree-ments; (2) to halt the worst ethnic violence in Eu-rope since the Holocaust; and (3) to bring peace and stability to the Bal-kans; Whereas in 2004, the 1st Infantry Division deployed to Iraq in Operation Iraqi Freedom as Task Force Danger and conducted sophis-ticated counterinsurgency operations that led to the first free and fair elections in Iraqi history in 2005; Whereas between 2005 and 2014, the brigade combat teams and other major headquarters and units of the 1st Infantry Division have deployed repeatedly to Iraq and Afghanistan in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, and Operation New Dawn; Whereas Specialist Ross A. McGinnis, a 1st Infantry Division soldier, is 1 of the very few people of the United States to receive the Congressional Medal of Honor in the War on Terror; Whereas in the defense of United States in-terests, the 1st Infantry Division deployed its units and soldiers to Africa in 2015 and Kuwait in 2016; Whereas since November 2016, the head-quarters of the 1st Infantry Division has been in Iraq, where the 1st Infantry Division is— (1) engaged in the fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); and (2) providing the leadership structure for the Combined Joint Forces Land Component Command–Operation Inherent Resolve; Whereas as of May 2017— (1) the Combat Aviation Brigade, 1st Infan-try Division, is deployed to Afghanistan and is conducting combat aviation operations in support of the Afghan and international se-curity forces battling the Taliban; (2) the 1st Brigade Combat Team, 1st Infan-try Division, is deployed to South Korea, where it bolsters United States deterrence against North Korea; and (3) the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st In-fantry Division, is at Fort Riley, Kansas, where it is honing its combat-readiness in preparation for deployment; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.033 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3375 June 8, 2017 
Whereas since the establishment of the 1st Infantry Division in 1917— (1) the 1st Infantry Division has been present all over the world, assisting in com-bat and noncombat missions for 100 years; (2) more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st In-fantry Division have sacrificed their lives in combat; and (3) 35 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division have received the Medal of Honor: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) commemorates ‘‘A Century of Service’’, the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Di-vision on June 8, 2017; (2) commends the 1st Infantry Division for continuing to exemplify the motto of the 1st Infantry Division, ‘‘No Mission Too Difficult. No Sacrifice Too Great. Duty First!’’; (3) honors the memory of the more than 13,000 soldiers of the 1st Infantry Division who lost their lives in battle; (4) expresses gratitude and support for all 1st Infantry Division soldiers, veterans, and their families, including 1st Infantry Divi-sion soldiers and their families of the past and future and those who are serving as of May 2017; and (5) recognizes that the 1st Infantry Divi-sion holds an honored place in United States history. f 
CONDEMNING THE RECENT TER-RORIST ATTACKS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM, THE PHIL-IPPINES, INDONESIA, EGYPT, IRAQ, AUSTRALIA, AND IRAN Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 188, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 188) condemning the recent terrorist attacks in the United King-dom, the Philippines, Indonesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran and offering thoughts and prayers and sincere condolences to all of the victims, their families, and the people of their countries. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 188) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
HEMP HISTORY WEEK Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 189, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: A resolution (S. Res. 189) designating the week of June 5 through June 11, 2017, as ‘‘Hemp History Week.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 189) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
WILDLIFE INNOVATION AND LONGEVITY DRIVER ACT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of Calendar No. 91, S. 826. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the bill by title. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (S. 826) to reauthorize the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Program and certain wildlife conservation funds, to establish prize competitions relating to the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking, wildlife conservation, the management of invasive species, and the protection of endangered species, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill, which had been reported from the Committee on Environment and Public Works, with an amendment to strike all after the enacting clause and insert in lieu thereof the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Wildlife Innovation and Longevity Driver Act’’or ‘‘WILD Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—PARTNERS FOR FISH AND WILDLIFE PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION Sec. 1001. Partners for Fish and Wildlife Pro-gram reauthorization. TITLE II—FISH AND WILDLIFE COORDINATION Sec. 2001. Purpose. Sec. 2002. Amendments to the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act. TITLE III—WILDLIFE CONSERVATION Sec. 3001. Reauthorization of multinational spe-cies conservation funds. TITLE IV—PRIZE COMPETITIONS Sec. 4001. Definitions. Sec. 4002. Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the prevention of wildlife poach-ing and trafficking. Sec. 4003. Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the promotion of wildlife con-servation. Sec. 4004. Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the management of invasive spe-cies. Sec. 4005. Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the protection of endangered spe-cies. Sec. 4006. Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for nonlethal management of human- wildlife conflicts. Sec. 4007. Administration of prize competitions. TITLE I—PARTNERS FOR FISH AND WILDLIFE PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION SEC. 1001. PARTNERS FOR FISH AND WILDLIFE PROGRAM REAUTHORIZATION. 
Section 5 of the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Act (16 U.S.C. 3774) is amended by striking ‘‘$75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2006 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000 for each of fis-cal years 2018 through 2022’’. TITLE II—FISH AND WILDLIFE COORDINATION 
SEC. 2001. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this title is to protect water, oceans, coasts, and wildlife from invasive spe-cies. 
SEC. 2002. AMENDMENTS TO THE FISH AND WILD-LIFE COORDINATION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE; AUTHORIZATION .—The first section of the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661) is amended by striking ‘‘For the purpose’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; AUTHORIZATION. 
‘‘(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act’. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—For the purpose’’. (b) P
ROTECTION OF WATER, OCEANS , COASTS , 
AND WILDLIFE FROM INVASIVE SPECIES .—The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 10. PROTECTION OF WATER, OCEANS, COASTS, AND WILDLIFE FROM INVASIVE SPECIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ONTROL .—The term ‘control’, with re-spect to an invasive species, means the eradi-cation, suppression, or reduction of the popu-lation of the invasive species within the area in which the invasive species is present. ‘‘(2) E
COSYSTEM .—The term ‘ecosystem’ means the complex of a community of organisms and the environment of the organisms. ‘‘(3) E
LIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means any of— ‘‘(A) a State; ‘‘(B) the District of Columbia; ‘‘(C) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; ‘‘(D) Guam; ‘‘(E) American Samoa; ‘‘(F) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands; and ‘‘(G) the United States Virgin Islands. ‘‘(4) I
NVASIVE SPECIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘invasive species’ means an alien species, the introduction of which causes, or is likely to cause, economic or environmental harm or harm to human health. ‘‘(B) A
SSOCIATED DEFINITION .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘alien species’, with respect to a particular ecosystem, means any species (including the seeds, eggs, spores, or other biological material of the species that are capable of propagating the species) that is not native to the affected ecosystem. ‘‘(C) I
NCLUSION .—The terms ‘invasive species’ and ‘alien species’ include any terrestrial or aquatic species determined by the relevant trib-al, regional, State, or local authority to meet the requirements of subparagraph (A) or (B), as ap-plicable. ‘‘(5) M
ANAGE ; MANAGEMENT .—The terms ‘man-age’ and ‘management’, with respect to an invasive species, mean the active implementa-tion of any activity— ‘‘(A) to reduce or stop the spread of the invasive species; and ‘‘(B) to inhibit further infestations of the invasive species, the spread of the invasive spe-cies, or harm caused by the invasive species, in-cluding investigations regarding methods for early detection and rapid response, prevention, control, or management of the invasive species. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.034 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3376 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(6) P REVENT .—The term ‘prevent’, with re-spect to an invasive species, means— ‘‘(A) to hinder the introduction of the invasive species onto land or water; or ‘‘(B) to impede the spread of the invasive spe-cies within land or water by inspecting, inter-cepting, or confiscating invasive species threats prior to the establishment of the invasive species onto land or water of an eligible State. ‘‘(7) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘Sec-retary concerned’ means— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, with respect to Federal land administered by the Corps of Engi-neers; ‘‘(B) the Secretary of the Interior, with re-spect to Federal land administered by the Sec-retary of the Interior through— ‘‘(i) the United States Fish and Wildlife Serv-ice; ‘‘(ii) the Bureau of Indian Affairs; ‘‘(iii) the Bureau of Land Management; ‘‘(iv) the Bureau of Reclamation; or ‘‘(v) the National Park Service; ‘‘(C) the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to Federal land administered by the Secretary of Agriculture through the Forest Service; and ‘‘(D) the head or a representative of any other Federal agency the duties of whom require plan-ning relating to, and the treatment of, invasive species for the purpose of protecting water and wildlife on land and coasts and in oceans and water. ‘‘(8) S
PECIES .—The term ‘species’ means a group of organisms, all of which— ‘‘(A) have a high degree of genetic similarity; ‘‘(B) are morphologically distinct; ‘‘(C) generally— ‘‘(i) interbreed at maturity only among them-selves; and ‘‘(ii) produce fertile offspring; and ‘‘(D) show persistent differences from members of allied groups of organisms. ‘‘(b) C
ONTROL AND MANAGEMENT .—Each Sec- retary concerned shall plan and carry out ac-tivities on land directly managed by the Sec-retary concerned to protect water and wildlife by controlling and managing invasive species— ‘‘(1) to inhibit or reduce the populations of invasive species; and ‘‘(2) to effectuate restoration or reclamation efforts. ‘‘(c) S
TRATEGIC PLAN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary concerned shall develop a strategic plan for the implemen-tation of the invasive species program to achieve, to the maximum extent practicable, a substantive annual net reduction of invasive species populations or infested acreage on land or water managed by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(2) C
OORDINATION .—Each strategic plan under paragraph (1) shall be developed— ‘‘(A) in coordination with affected— ‘‘(i) eligible States; ‘‘(ii) political subdivisions of eligible States; and ‘‘(iii) federally recognized Indian tribes; and ‘‘(B) in accordance with the priorities estab-lished by 1 or more Governors of the eligible States in which an ecosystem affected by an invasive species is located. ‘‘(3) F
ACTORS FOR CONSIDERATION .—In devel- oping a strategic plan under this subsection, the Secretary concerned shall take into consider-ation the economic and ecological costs of action or inaction, as applicable. ‘‘(d) C
OST-EFFECTIVE METHODS .—In selecting a method to be used to control or manage an invasive species as part of a specific control or management project conducted as part of a stra-tegic plan developed under subsection (c), the Secretary concerned shall prioritize the use of methods that— ‘‘(1) effectively control and manage invasive species, as determined by the Secretary con-cerned, based on sound scientific data; ‘‘(2) minimize environmental impacts; and ‘‘(3) control and manage invasive species in the least costly manner. ‘‘(e) COMPARATIVE ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT .— To achieve compliance with subsection (d), the Secretary concerned shall require a comparative economic assessment of invasive species control and management methods to be conducted. ‘‘(f) E
XPEDITED ACTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretaries concerned shall use all tools and flexibilities available (as of the date of enactment of this section) to expe-dite the projects and activities described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROJECTS AND ACTIVI -
TIES.—A project or activity referred to in para-graph (1) is a project or activity— ‘‘(A) to protect water or wildlife from an invasive species that, as determined by the Sec-retary concerned is, or will be, carried out on land or water that is— ‘‘(i) directly managed by the Secretary con-cerned; and ‘‘(ii) located in an area that is— ‘‘(I) at high risk for the introduction, estab-lishment, or spread of invasive species; and ‘‘(II) determined by the Secretary concerned to require immediate action to address the risk identified in subclause (I); and ‘‘(B) carried out in accordance with applica-ble agency procedures, including any applica-ble— ‘‘(i) land or resource management plan; or ‘‘(ii) land use plan. ‘‘(g) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .—Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made avail-able to each Secretary concerned for a fiscal year for programs that address or include pro-tection of land or water from an invasive spe-cies, the Secretary concerned shall use not less than 75 percent for on-the-ground control and management of invasive species, which may in-clude— ‘‘(1) the purchase of necessary products, equipment, or services to conduct that control and management; ‘‘(2) the use of integrated pest management options, including options that use pesticides authorized for sale, distribution, or use under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136 et seq.); ‘‘(3) the use of biological control agents that are proven to be effective to reduce invasive spe-cies populations; ‘‘(4) the use of revegetation or cultural res-toration methods designed to improve the diver-sity and richness of ecosystems; ‘‘(5) the use of monitoring and detection ac-tivities for invasive species, including equip-ment, detection dogs, and mechanical devices; ‘‘(6) the use of appropriate methods to remove invasive species from a vehicle or vessel capable of conveyance; or ‘‘(7) the use of other effective mechanical or manual control methods. ‘‘(h) I
NVESTIGATIONS , OUTREACH , ANDPUBLIC  A
WARENESS .—Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available to each Secretary con-cerned for a fiscal year for programs that ad-dress or include protection of land or water from an invasive species, the Secretary concerned may use not more than 15 percent for investiga-tions, development activities, and outreach and public awareness efforts to address invasive spe-cies control and management needs. ‘‘(i) A
DMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Of the amount appropriated or otherwise made available to each Secretary concerned for a fiscal year for programs that address or include protection of land or water from an invasive species, not more than 10 percent may be used for administrative costs incurred to carry out those programs, in-cluding costs relating to oversight and manage-ment of the programs, recordkeeping, and imple-mentation of the strategic plan developed under subsection (c). ‘‘(j) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 60 days after the end of the second fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this section, each Secretary concerned shall sub-mit to Congress a report— ‘‘(1) describing the use by the Secretary con-cerned during the 2 preceding fiscal years of funds for programs that address or include invasive species management; and ‘‘(2) specifying the percentage of funds ex-pended for each of the purposes specified in sub-sections (g), (h), and (i). ‘‘(k) RELATION TO OTHER AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) O
THER INVASIVE SPECIES CONTROL , PRE-
VENTION , AND MANAGEMENT AUTHORITIES .— Nothing in this section precludes the Secretary concerned from pursuing or supporting, pursu-ant to any other provision of law, any activity regarding the control, prevention, or manage-ment of an invasive species, including investiga-tions to improve the control, prevention, or man-agement of the invasive species. ‘‘(2) P
UBLIC WATER SUPPLY SYSTEMS .—Nothing in this section authorizes the Secretary con-cerned to suspend any water delivery or diver-sion, or otherwise to prevent the operation of a public water supply system, as a measure to control, manage, or prevent the introduction or spread of an invasive species. ‘‘(l) U
SE OF PARTNERSHIPS .—Subject to the subsections (m) and (n), the Secretary concerned may enter into any contract or cooperative agreement with another Federal agency, an eli-gible State, a political subdivision of an eligible State, or a private individual or entity to assist with the control and management of an invasive species. ‘‘(m) M
EMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—As a condition of a con-tract or cooperative agreement under subsection (l), the Secretary concerned and the applicable Federal agency, eligible State, political subdivi-sion of an eligible State, or private individual or entity shall enter into a memorandum of under-standing that describes— ‘‘(A) the nature of the partnership between the parties to the memorandum of under-standing; and ‘‘(B) the control and management activities to be conducted under the contract or cooperative agreement. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—A memorandum of under-standing under this subsection shall contain, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(A) A prioritized listing of each invasive spe-cies to be controlled or managed. ‘‘(B) An assessment of the total acres of land or area of water infested by the invasive species. ‘‘(C) An estimate of the expected total acres of land or area of water infested by the invasive species after control and management of the invasive species is attempted. ‘‘(D) A description of each specific, integrated pest management option to be used, including a comparative economic assessment to determine the least-costly method. ‘‘(E) Any map, boundary, or Global Posi-tioning System coordinates needed to clearly identify the area in which each control or man-agement activity is proposed to be conducted. ‘‘(F) A written assurance that each partner will comply with section 15 of the Federal Nox-ious Weed Act of 1974 (7 U.S.C. 2814). ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION .—If a partner to a con-tract or cooperative agreement under subsection (l) is an eligible State, political subdivision of an eligible State, or private individual or entity, the memorandum of understanding under this sub-section shall include a description of— ‘‘(A) the means by which each applicable con-trol or management effort will be coordinated; and ‘‘(B) the expected outcomes of managing and controlling the invasive species. ‘‘(4) P
UBLIC OUTREACH AND AWARENESS EF -
FORTS .—If a contract or cooperative agreement under subsection (l) involves any outreach or public awareness effort, the memorandum of un-derstanding under this subsection shall include a list of goals and objectives for each outreach or public awareness effort that have been deter-mined to be efficient to inform national, re-gional, State, or local audiences regarding invasive species control and management. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.035 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3377 June 8, 2017 
‘‘(n) I NVESTIGATIONS .—The purpose of any invasive species-related investigation carried out under a contract or cooperative agreement under subsection (l) shall be— ‘‘(1) to develop solutions and specific rec-ommendations for control and management of invasive species; and ‘‘(2) specifically to provide faster implementa-tion of control and management methods. ‘‘(o) C
OORDINATION WITHAFFECTED LOCAL G
OVERNMENTS .—Each project and activity car-ried out pursuant to this section shall be coordi-nated with affected local governments in a man-ner that is consistent with section 202(c)(9) of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712(c)(9)).’’. TITLE III—WILDLIFE CONSERVATION 
SEC. 3001. REAUTHORIZATION OF MULTI-NATIONAL SPECIES CONSERVATION FUNDS. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF THE AFRICAN ELE-
PHANT CONSERVATION ACT.—Section 2306(a) of the African Elephant Conservation Act (16 U.S.C. 4245(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (b) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF THE ASIANELEPHANT  C
ONSERVATION ACT OF 1997.—Section 8(a) of the Asian Elephant Conservation Act of 1997 (16 U.S.C. 4266(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (c) R
EAUTHORIZATION OF THE RHINOCEROS AND  T
IGER CONSERVATION ACT OF 1994.—Section 10(a) of the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act of 1994 (16 U.S.C. 5306(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (d) A
MENDMENTS TO THE GREAT APECON-
SERVATION ACT OF 2000.— (1) P
ANEL.—Section 4(i) of the Great Ape Con-servation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6303(i)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) C
ONVENTION .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Wildlife Inno-vation and Longevity Driver Act, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary shall convene a panel of experts on great apes to identify the greatest needs and priorities for the conserva-tion of great apes.’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Secretary shall en-sure that the panel referred to in paragraph (1) includes, to the maximum extent practicable, 1 or more representatives— ‘‘(A) from each country that comprises the natural range of great apes; and ‘‘(B) with expertise in great ape conservation. ‘‘(3) C
ONSERVATION PLANS .—In identifying the conservation needs and priorities under para-graph (1), the panel referred to in that para-graph shall consider any relevant great ape con-servation plan or strategy, including scientific research and findings relating to— ‘‘(A) the conservation needs and priorities of great apes; ‘‘(B) any regional or species-specific action plan or strategy; ‘‘(C) any applicable strategy developed or ini-tiated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(D) any other applicable conservation plan or strategy. ‘‘(4) F
UNDS.—Subject to the availability of ap-propriations, the Secretary may use amounts available to the Secretary to pay for the costs of convening and facilitating any meeting of the panel referred to in paragraph (1).’’. (2) M
ULTIYEAR GRANTS .—Section 4 of the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6303) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) M
ULTIYEAR GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may award to a person who is otherwise eligible for a grant under this section a multiyear grant to carry out a project that the person demonstrates is an effective, long-term conservation strategy for great apes and the habitat of great apes. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection precludes the Secretary from award-ing a grant on an annual basis.’’. (3) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 5(b)(2) of the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6304(b)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000’’. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 6 of the Great Ape Conservation Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 6305) is amended by striking ‘‘2006 through 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022’’. (e) A
MENDMENTS TO THE MARINE TURTLE CON-
SERVATION ACT OF 2004.— (1) P
URPOSE .—Section 2(b) of the Marine Tur-tle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6601(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and territories of the United States’’ after ‘‘foreign countries’’. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 3 of the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6602) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and territories of the United States’’ after ‘‘foreign countries’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) T
ERRITORY OF THE UNITED STATES .—The term ‘territory of the United States’ means— ‘‘(A) the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; ‘‘(B) Guam; ‘‘(C) American Samoa; ‘‘(D) the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands; ‘‘(E) the United States Virgin Islands; and ‘‘(F) any other territory or possession of the United States.’’. (3) M
ARINE TURTLE CONSERVATION ASSIST -
ANCE.—Section 4 of the Marine Turtle Conserva-tion Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6603) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘or a territory of the United States’’ after ‘‘foreign country’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘foreign countries’’ and inserting ‘‘a foreign country or a territory of the United States’’. (4) A
DMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Section 5(b)(2) of the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6604(b)(2)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘$80,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000’’. (5) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec- tion 7 of the Marine Turtle Conservation Act of 2004 (16 U.S.C. 6606) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and in-serting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’. TITLE IV—PRIZE COMPETITIONS 
SEC. 4001. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) N
ON-FEDERAL FUNDS .—The term ‘‘non-Fed-eral funds’’ means funds provided by— (A) a State; (B) a territory of the United States; (C) 1 or more units of local or tribal govern-ment; (D) a private for-profit entity; (E) a nonprofit organization; or (F) a private individual. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior, acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. (3) W
ILDLIFE .—The term ‘‘wildlife’’ has the meaning given the term in section 8 of the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 666b). 
SEC. 4002. THEODORE ROOSEVELT GENIUS PRIZE FOR THE PREVENTION OF WILDLIFE POACHING AND TRAFFICKING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Prevention of Wildlife Poaching and Trafficking Technology Advisory Board established by sub-section (c)(1). (2) PRIZE COMPETITION .—The term ‘‘prize com-petition’’ means the Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking established under subsection (b). (b) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish under section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) a prize competition, to be known as the ‘‘Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize’’ for the prevention of wildlife poaching and traf-ficking— (1) to encourage technological innovation with the potential to advance the mission of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service with re-spect to the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking; and (2) to award 1 or more prizes annually for a technological advancement that prevents wild-life poaching and trafficking. (c) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory board, to be known as the ‘‘Prevention of Wildlife Poaching and Trafficking Tech-nology Advisory Board’’. (2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-posed of not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Secretary, who shall provide expertise in— (A) wildlife trafficking and trade; (B) wildlife conservation and management; (C) biology; (D) technology development; (E) engineering; (F) economics; (G) business development and management; and (H) any other discipline, as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary to achieve the purposes of this section. (3) D
UTIES .—Subject to paragraph (4), with respect to the prize competition, the Board shall— (A) select a topic; (B) issue a problem statement; and (C) advise the Secretary on any opportunity for technological innovation to prevent wildlife poaching and trafficking. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—In selecting a topic and issuing a problem statement for the prize com-petition under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), respectively, the Board shall con-sult widely with Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, including— (A) 1 or more Federal agencies with jurisdic-tion over the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking; (B) 1 or more State agencies with jurisdiction over the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking; (C) 1 or more State, regional, or local wildlife organizations, the mission of which relates to the prevention of wildlife poaching and traf-ficking; and (D) 1 or more wildlife conservation groups, technology companies, research institutions, in-stitutions of higher education, industry associa-tions, or individual stakeholders with an inter-est in the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking. (5) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Board shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(a). (d) A
GREEMENT WITH THE NATIONAL FISH AND  W
ILDLIFE FOUNDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into an agreement under which the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation shall ad-minister the prize competition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(b). (e) J
UDGES .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-point not fewer than 3 judges who shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), select the 1 or more annual winners of the prize competition. (2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The judges appointed under paragraph (1) shall not select any annual winner of the prize competi-tion if the Secretary makes a determination 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.035 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3378 June 8, 2017 
that, in any fiscal year, none of the techno-logical advancements entered into the prize com-petition merits an award. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a cash prize is awarded under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report on the prize competition that in-cludes— (1) a statement by the Board that describes the activities carried out by the Board relating to the duties described in subsection (c)(3); (2) if the Secretary has entered into an agree-ment under subsection (d)(1), a statement by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that de-scribes the activities carried out by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation relating to the duties described in section 4007(b); and (3) a statement by 1 or more of the judges ap-pointed under subsection (e) that explains the basis on which the winner of the cash prize was selected. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Board and all authority provided under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 4003. THEODORE ROOSEVELT GENIUS PRIZE FOR THE PROMOTION OF WILDLIFE CONSERVATION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Promotion of Wildlife Conservation Technology Advisory Board established by subsection (c)(1). (2) P
RIZE COMPETITION .—The term ‘‘prize com-petition’’ means the Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the promotion of wildlife conservation established under subsection (b). (b) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish under section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) a prize competition, to be known as the ‘‘Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize’’ for the promotion of wildlife conservation— (1) to encourage technological innovation with the potential to advance the mission of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service with re-spect to the promotion of wildlife conservation; and (2) to award 1 or more prizes annually for a technological advancement that promotes wild-life conservation. (c) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory board, to be known as the ‘‘Promotion of Wildlife Conservation Technology Advisory Board’’. (2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-posed of not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Secretary, who shall provide expertise in— (A) wildlife conservation and management; (B) biology; (C) technology development; (D) engineering; (E) economics; (F) business development and management; and (G) any other discipline, as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary to achieve the purposes of this section. (3) D
UTIES .—Subject to paragraph (4), with respect to the prize competition, the Board shall— (A) select a topic; (B) issue a problem statement; and (C) advise the Secretary on any opportunity for technological innovation to promote wildlife conservation. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—In selecting a topic and issuing a problem statement for the prize com-petition under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), respectively, the Board shall con-sult widely with Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, including— (A) 1 or more Federal agencies with jurisdic-tion over the promotion of wildlife conservation; (B) 1 or more State agencies with jurisdiction over the promotion of wildlife conservation; (C) 1 or more State, regional, or local wildlife organizations, the mission of which relates to the promotion of wildlife conservation; and (D) 1 or more wildlife conservation groups, technology companies, research institutions, in-stitutions of higher education, industry associa-tions, or individual stakeholders with an inter-est in the promotion of wildlife conservation. (5) REQUIREMENTS .—The Board shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(a). (d) A
GREEMENT WITH THE NATIONAL FISH AND  W
ILDLIFE FOUNDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into an agreement under which the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation shall ad-minister the prize competition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(b). (e) J
UDGES .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-point not fewer than 3 judges who shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), select the 1 or more annual winners of the prize competition. (2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The judges appointed under paragraph (1) shall not select any annual winner of the prize competi-tion if the Secretary makes a determination that, in any fiscal year, none of the techno-logical advancements entered into the prize com-petition merits an award. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a cash prize is awarded under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report on the prize competition that in-cludes— (1) a statement by the Board that describes the activities carried out by the Board relating to the duties described in subsection (c)(3); (2) if the Secretary has entered into an agree-ment under subsection (d)(1), a statement by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that de-scribes the activities carried out by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation relating to the duties described in section 4007(b); and (3) a statement by 1 or more of the judges ap-pointed under subsection (e) that explains the basis on which the winner of the cash prize was selected. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Board and all authority provided under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 4004. THEODORE ROOSEVELT GENIUS PRIZE FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF INVASIVE SPECIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Management of Invasive Species Technology Advisory Board established by subsection (c)(1). (2) P
RIZE COMPETITION .—The term ‘‘prize com-petition’’ means the Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the management of invasive species es-tablished under subsection (b). (b) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish under section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) a prize competition, to be known as the ‘‘Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize’’ for the management of invasive species— (1) to encourage technological innovation with the potential to advance the mission of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service with re-spect to the management of invasive species; and (2) to award 1 or more prizes annually for a technological advancement that manages invasive species. (c) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory board, to be known as the ‘‘Manage-ment of Invasive Species Technology Advisory Board’’. (2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-posed of not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Secretary, who shall provide expertise in— (A) invasive species; (B) biology; (C) technology development; (D) engineering; (E) economics; (F) business development and management; and (G) any other discipline, as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary to achieve the purposes of this section. (3) DUTIES .—Subject to paragraph (4), with respect to the prize competition, the Board shall— (A) select a topic; (B) issue a problem statement; and (C) advise the Secretary on any opportunity for technological innovation to manage invasive species. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—In selecting a topic and issuing a problem statement for the prize com-petition under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), respectively, the Board shall con-sult widely with Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, including— (A) 1 or more Federal agencies with jurisdic-tion over the management of invasive species; (B) 1 or more State agencies with jurisdiction over the management of invasive species; (C) 1 or more State, regional, or local wildlife organizations, the mission of which relates to the management of invasive species; and (D) 1 or more wildlife conservation groups, technology companies, research institutions, in-stitutions of higher education, industry associa-tions, or individual stakeholders with an inter-est in the management of invasive species. (5) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Board shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(a). (d) A
GREEMENT WITH THE NATIONAL FISH AND  W
ILDLIFE FOUNDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into an agreement under which the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation shall ad-minister the prize competition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(b). (e) J
UDGES .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-point not fewer than 3 judges who shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), select the 1 or more annual winners of the prize competition. (2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The judges appointed under paragraph (1) shall not select any annual winner of the prize competi-tion if the Secretary makes a determination that, in any fiscal year, none of the techno-logical advancements entered into the prize com-petition merits an award. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a cash prize is awarded under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report on the prize competition that in-cludes— (1) a statement by the Board that describes the activities carried out by the Board relating to the duties described in subsection (c)(3); (2) if the Secretary has entered into an agree-ment under subsection (d)(1), a statement by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that de-scribes the activities carried out by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation relating to the duties described in section 4007(b); and (3) a statement by 1 or more of the judges ap-pointed under subsection (e) that explains the basis on which the winner of the cash prize was selected. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Board and all authority provided under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 4005. THEODORE ROOSEVELT GENIUS PRIZE FOR THE PROTECTION OF ENDAN-GERED SPECIES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Protection of Endangered Species Technology Advisory Board established by subsection (c)(1). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.035 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S3379 June 8, 2017 
(2) P RIZE COMPETITION .—The term ‘‘prize com-petition’’ means the Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the protection of endangered species established under subsection (b). (b) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish under section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) a prize competition, to be known as the ‘‘Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize’’ for the protection of endangered species— (1) to encourage technological innovation with the potential to advance the mission of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service with re-spect to the protection of endangered species; and (2) to award 1 or more prizes annually for a technological advancement that protects endan-gered species. (c) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory board, to be known as the ‘‘Protection of Endangered Species Technology Advisory Board’’. (2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-posed of not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Secretary, who shall provide expertise in— (A) endangered species; (B) biology; (C) technology development; (D) engineering; (E) economics; (F) business development and management; and (G) any other discipline, as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary to achieve the purposes of this section. (3) D
UTIES .—Subject to paragraph (4), with respect to the prize competition, the Board shall— (A) select a topic; (B) issue a problem statement; and (C) advise the Secretary on any opportunity for technological innovation to protect endan-gered species. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—In selecting a topic and issuing a problem statement for the prize com-petition under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), respectively, the Board shall con-sult widely with Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, including— (A) 1 or more Federal agencies with jurisdic-tion over the protection of endangered species; (B) 1 or more State agencies with jurisdiction over the protection of endangered species; (C) 1 or more State, regional, or local wildlife organizations, the mission of which relates to the protection of endangered species; and (D) 1 or more wildlife conservation groups, technology companies, research institutions, in-stitutions of higher education, industry associa-tions, or individual stakeholders with an inter-est in the protection of endangered species. (5) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The Board shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(a). (d) A
GREEMENT WITH THE NATIONAL FISH AND  W
ILDLIFE FOUNDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into an agreement under which the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation shall ad-minister the prize competition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(b). (e) J
UDGES .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-point not fewer than 3 judges who shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), select the 1 or more annual winners of the prize competition. (2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The judges appointed under paragraph (1) shall not select any annual winner of the prize competi-tion if the Secretary makes a determination that, in any fiscal year, none of the techno-logical advancements entered into the prize com-petition merits an award. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a cash prize is awarded under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report on the prize competition that in-cludes— (1) a statement by the Board that describes the activities carried out by the Board relating to the duties described in subsection (c)(3); (2) if the Secretary has entered into an agree-ment under subsection (d)(1), a statement by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that de-scribes the activities carried out by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation relating to the duties described in section 4007(b); and (3) a statement by 1 or more of the judges ap-pointed under subsection (e) that explains the basis on which the winner of the cash prize was selected. (g) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Board and all authority provided under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 4006. THEODORE ROOSEVELT GENIUS PRIZE FOR NONLETHAL MANAGEMENT OF HUMAN-WILDLIFE CONFLICTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Nonlethal Management of Human-Wildlife Con-flicts Technology Advisory Board established by subsection (c)(1). (2) P
RIZE COMPETITION .—The term ‘‘prize com-petition’’ means the Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize for the nonlethal management of human- wildlife conflicts established under subsection (b). (b) A
UTHORITY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish under section 24 of the Steven-son-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719) a prize competition, to be known as the ‘‘Theodore Roosevelt Genius Prize’’ for the nonlethal management of human-wildlife conflicts— (1) to encourage technological innovation with the potential to advance the mission of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service with re-spect to the nonlethal management of human- wildlife conflicts; and (2) to award 1 or more prizes annually for a technological advancement that promotes the nonlethal management of human-wildlife con-flicts. (c) A
DVISORY BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established an advisory board, to be known as the ‘‘Nonlethal Management of Human-Wildlife Conflicts Tech-nology Advisory Board’’. (2) C
OMPOSITION .—The Board shall be com-posed of not fewer than 9 members appointed by the Secretary, who shall provide expertise in— (A) nonlethal wildlife management; (B) social aspects of human-wildlife conflict management; (C) biology; (D) technology development; (E) engineering; (F) economics; (G) business development and management; and (H) any other discipline, as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary to achieve the purposes of this section. (3) D
UTIES .—Subject to paragraph (4), with respect to the prize competition, the Board shall— (A) select a topic; (B) issue a problem statement; and (C) advise the Secretary on any opportunity for technological innovation to promote the nonlethal management of human-wildlife con-flicts. (4) C
ONSULTATION .—In selecting a topic and issuing a problem statement for the prize com-petition under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), respectively, the Board shall con-sult widely with Federal and non-Federal stake-holders, including— (A) 1 or more Federal agencies with jurisdic-tion over the management of native wildlife spe-cies at risk due to conflict with human activi-ties; (B) 1 or more State agencies with jurisdiction over the management of native wildlife species at risk due to conflict with human activities; (C) 1 or more State, regional, or local wildlife organizations, the mission of which relates to the management of native wildlife species at risk due to conflict with human activities; and (D) 1 or more wildlife conservation groups, technology companies, research institutions, in-stitutions of higher education, industry associa-tions, or individual stakeholders with an inter-est in the management of native wildlife species at risk due to conflict with human activities. (5) REQUIREMENTS .—The Board shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(a). (d) A
GREEMENT WITH THE NATIONAL FISH AND  W
ILDLIFE FOUNDATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall offer to enter into an agreement under which the Na-tional Fish and Wildlife Foundation shall ad-minister the prize competition. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—An agreement entered into under paragraph (1) shall comply with all requirements under section 4007(b). (e) J
UDGES .— (1) A
PPOINTMENT .—The Secretary shall ap-point not fewer than 3 judges who shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), select the 1 or more annual winners of the prize competition. (2) D
ETERMINATION BY THE SECRETARY .—The judges appointed under paragraph (1) shall not select any annual winner of the prize competi-tion if the Secretary makes a determination that, in any fiscal year, none of the techno-logical advancements entered into the prize com-petition merits an award. (f) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which a cash prize is awarded under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Represent-atives a report on the prize competition that in-cludes— (1) a statement by the Board that describes the activities carried out by the Board relating to the duties described in subsection (c)(3); (2) if the Secretary has entered into an agree-ment under subsection (d)(1), a statement by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that de-scribes the activities carried out by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation relating to the duties described in section 4007(b); and (3) a statement by 1 or more of the judges ap-pointed under subsection (e) that explains the basis on which the winner of the cash prize was selected. (g) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Board and all authority provided under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 4007. ADMINISTRATION OF PRIZE COMPETI-TIONS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR ADVISORY  B
OARDS .—An advisory board established under section 4002(c)(1), 4003(c)(1), 4004(c)(1), 4005(c)(1), or 4006(c)(1) (referred to in this sec-tion as a ‘‘Board’’) shall comply with the fol-lowing requirements: (1) T
ERM; VACANCIES .— (A) T
ERM.—A member of the Board shall serve for a term of 5 years. (B) V
ACANCIES .—A vacancy on the Board— (i) shall not affect the powers of the Board; and (ii) shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. (2) I
NITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Board have been appointed, the Board shall hold the initial meeting of the Board. (3) M
EETINGS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Board shall meet at the call of the Chairperson. (B) R
EMOTE PARTICIPATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Any member of the Board may participate in a meeting of the Board through the use of— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:44 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.035 S08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES3380 June 8, 2017 
(I) teleconferencing; or (II) any other remote business telecommuni-cations method that allows each participating member to simultaneously hear each other par-ticipating member during the meeting. (ii) P
RESENCE .—A member of the Board who participates in a meeting remotely under clause (i) shall be considered to be present at the meet-ing. (4) Q
UORUM .—A majority of the members of the Board shall constitute a quorum, but a less-er number of members may hold a meeting. (5) C
HAIRPERSON AND VICE CHAIRPERSON .—The Board shall select a Chairperson and Vice Chairperson from among the members of the Board. (6) A
DMINISTRATIVE COST REDUCTION .—The Board shall, to the maximum extent practicable, minimize the administrative costs of the Board, including by encouraging the remote participa-tion described in paragraph (3)(B)(i) to reduce travel costs. (b) A
GREEMENTS WITH THE NATIONAL FISH 
AND WILDLIFE FOUNDATION .—Any agreement entered into under section 4002(d)(1), 4003(d)(1), 4004(d)(1), 4005(d)(1), or 4006(c)(1) shall comply with the following requirements: (1) C
ONTENTS .—An agreement shall provide the following: (A) D
UTIES .—The National Fish and Wildlife Foundation shall— (i) advertise the prize competition; (ii) solicit prize competition participants; (iii) administer funds relating to the prize competition; (iv) receive Federal funds— (I) to administer the prize competition; and (II) to award a cash prize; (v) carry out activities to generate contribu-tions of non-Federal funds to offset, in whole or in part— (I) the administrative costs of the prize com-petition; and (II) the costs of a cash prize; (vi) in consultation with, and subject to final approval by, the Secretary, develop criteria for the selection of prize competition winners; (vii) provide advice and consultation to the Secretary on the selection of judges under sec-tions 4002(e), 4003(e), 4004(e), 4005(e), 4006(e) based on criteria developed in consultation with, and subject to the final approval of, the Secretary; (viii) announce 1 or more annual winners of the prize competition; (ix) subject to subparagraph (B), award 1 cash prize annually; and (x) protect against unauthorized use or disclo-sure by the National Fish and Wildlife Founda-tion of any trade secret or confidential business information of a prize competition participant. (B) ADDITIONAL CASH PRIZES .—The National Fish and Wildlife Foundation may award more than 1 cash prize annually if the initial cash prize referred to in subparagraph (A)(ix) and any additional cash prize are awarded using only non-Federal funds. (C) S
OLICITATION OF FUNDS .—The National Fish and Wildlife Foundation— (i) may request and accept Federal funds and non-Federal funds for a cash prize; (ii) may accept a contribution for a cash prize in exchange for the right to name the prize; and (iii) shall not give special consideration to any Federal agency or non-Federal entity in ex-change for a donation for a cash prize awarded under this section. (c) A
WARD AMOUNTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the initial cash prize referred to in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ix) shall be $100,000. (2) A
DDITIONAL CASH PRIZES .—On notification by the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation that non-Federal funds are available for an ad-ditional cash prize, the Secretary shall deter-mine the amount of the additional cash prize. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the com-mittee-reported substitute amendment be agreed to, the bill, as amended, be considered read a third time and passed, and the motion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The committee-reported amendment in the nature of a substitute was agreed to. The bill (S. 826), as amended, was or-dered to be engrossed for a third read-ing, was read the third time, and passed. 
f 
ORDERS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 12, 2017 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 4 p.m., Monday, June 12; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed; finally, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consider-ation of the motion to proceed to Cal-endar No. 110, S. 722, postcloture. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL MONDAY, JUNE 12, 2017, AT 4 P.M. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 5:43 p.m., adjourned until Monday, June 12, 2017, at 4 p.m. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate June 8, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE  
SCOTT P. BROWN, OF NEW HAMPSHIRE, TO BE AMBAS-SADOR EXTRAORDINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO NEW ZEALAND, AND TO SERVE CONCURRENTLY AND WITHOUT ADDI-TIONAL COMPENSATION AS AMBASSADOR EXTRAOR-DINARY AND PLENIPOTENTIARY OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA TO THE INDEPENDENT STATE OF SAMOA. 
FOREIGN SERVICE  
FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH FRED AZIZ AND ENDING WITH NATHALIE SCHARF, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND AP-PEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 25, 2017. FOREIGN SERVICE NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH DAVID GOSSACK AND ENDING WITH PAMELA WARD, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON APRIL 25, 2017. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:08 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A08JN6.035 S08JNPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE787 June 8, 2017 
HONORING VICTORIA MOYER ARDEN 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Victoria (Vicki) Moyer Arden on her retirement as the Fine Arts Program Coor-dinator at Oak Grove Union School District in Sonoma County after over 16 years of excep-tional service. Born in Reading, Pennsylvania and raised in Madison, Connecticut, Ms. Arden received her Bachelor’s degree from Towson State Univer-sity and a Master’s in Art Education from the University of New Mexico. In 2001, she and her family moved to Sebastopol where she has resided ever since. During her tenure at Oak Grove Union School District, Ms. Arden developed a robust and comprehensive Fine Arts program that is a model for elementary and middle schools everywhere. She is well-regarded by her col-leagues, students and their families for her passion for instilling a meaningful love of art in her students. She dedicated her entire profes-sional career to supporting and promoting quality education for Sonoma students, where the fundamental subjects always included a well-rounded fine arts program. Her skills, tal-ent and energy helped Oak Grove Elementary receive two prestigious California Distin-guished School awards during her tenure there, among other distinctions. Her philosophy that, ‘‘arts offer students a unique language to explore ideas, feelings, subject matter, and cultures’’ was realized by numerous students over the years, many of whom will be grateful for this influence for years to come. Mr. Speaker, please join me in expressing deep appreciation for Ms. Arden’s extraor-dinary service to our public school children, and thank her for the indelible marks she has undoubtedly left on the thousands of students she has educated over the years, as well as her own two children, Paul and Gabe, and her husband John, and extend to her best wishes on her retirement. 
f 
MCKENNA GUBANICH 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud McKenna Gubanich for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. McKenna Gubanich is a student at Faith Christian Academy and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by McKenna Gubanich is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to McKenna Gubanich for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. f 
TRIBUTE TO DOCTORS WILLIAM DESTLER AND REBECCA JOHN-SON OF THE ROCHESTER INSTI-TUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
HON. LOUISE McINTOSH SLAUGHTER 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the service of two members of the Rochester, New York community, Roch-ester Institute of Technology President William Destler and his wife Doctor Rebecca Johnson, Associate of the University. The Rochester area is home to an intelligent and curious community, thanks to residents who have dedicated their lives to the advance-ment of higher education. Doctors Destler and Johnson are no exception and thanks to their efforts, Rochester continues to be home to some of the finest institutes of higher learning that have produced notable alumni for genera-tions. Assuming the Presidency in 2007, Doctor Destler became responsible for a world-re-nowned university that includes nearly 19,000 students from all 50 states and more than 100 foreign nations. One hundred and twenty one thousand alumni around the world are proud to call RIT their alma mater and, at one point, Rochester as their home. RIT is also the third largest producer of undergraduate degrees in science, technology, engineering, and math among all private universities in the United States. During his tenure as President, Doctor Destler recognized the symbiotic relationship between RIT and the city of Rochester, serv-ing on multiple civic engagement boards in-cluding the Greater Rochester Chamber of Commerce and the Golisano Family Founda-tion. Leading his students by example, Doctor Destler is an international authority on high- power microwave sources and is best known for his pioneering work in the collective accel-eration of heavy ions. Under his watch, female enrollment has increased 25 percent and inter-national enrollment has increased an astound-ing 120 percent. Forty-one percent of the freshman class is deaf and hard of hearing, international and African, Asian, Latino, and Native American. These numbers alone are a testament to the strength through diversity of RIT. Doctor Destler is one-half of an unparalleled team. He is joined by his wife, Doctor Re-becca Johnson, Associate of the University. In a time when bipartisan discussion is often contentious, Doctor Johnson has served on the committee for the Gray Matter series, which aims to promote civil discussion of di-vergent views on important topics. She is also the former president of the Board of Directors of the M.K. Gandhi Institute for Nonviolence and continues to serve on the board in leader-ship roles. Her passion also extends to civic engagement, best demonstrated through initia-tives such as RIT’s 2016 ‘‘Roar the Vote.’’ Thanks to her efforts, RIT has made impres-sive strides toward energy sustainability though programs like the greenRITnetwork and FoodShare. Over the course of their ten-year term, Doc-tors Destler and Johnson have truly come to embody the mantra of RIT, ‘‘The making of a living and the living of life.’’ It is with sincere appreciation that we thank Doctors Destler and Johnson for their selfless dedication to higher education, RIT, and the proud city of Rochester. We wish them the best in their fu-ture endeavors and affirm that they will always be at home in our community. 
f 
HONORING SERGEANT JOE MOSS 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Sergeant Joe Moss for his courageous service to our country. Sergeant Moss grew up in Kerens, Texas where he was drafted by the United States Army. Sergeant Moss grew up in the Fifth Con-gressional District of Texas, which I have the privilege of representing. After he graduated from Malakoff High School, he began his serv-ice in the infantry for the Army during the Viet-nam War. During his brave and valiant service to our country he was severely injured. As the squad leader, Sergeant Moss’ platoon came in contact with a land mine while on a maneuver. Two of Sergeant Moss’ fellow soldiers were killed and several, including himself, were in-jured. Sergeant Moss lost both of his legs in the explosion, something that would dramati-cally change his life; it didn’t however, change who Sergeant Moss truly was. There is no doubt that his selfless service to our country saved many lives while in Viet-nam. He has helped countless veterans re-turning from battle by selflessly giving his time and sharing his own experiences to mentor and support those who have fought for our country. While Sergeant Moss returned home in a wheelchair, he did not allow that to con-fine his tenacious spirit. Thirteen years after he returned, Sergeant Moss, along with a few friends who were also paraplegics, succeeded in climbing the rocky Guadalupe Peak—Texas’ highest mountain which reaches 8,751 feet above sea level. The next day, President Ron-ald Reagan called to congratulate Sergeant 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:42 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.001 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE788 June 8, 2017 
Moss. Sergeant Moss is an inspiration and de-serves to be honored. I know Sergeant Moss and his fellow soldiers did not all receive the return they truly deserved. So for Sergeant Moss and others, welcome home and thank you. Humbly, I echo the words of President Ron-ald Reagan, ‘‘We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be pre-pared, so we will always be free.’’ And hum-bly, I offer my sincere gratitude to Sergeant Joe Moss for his service and acts of bravery that allow us the freedoms we enjoy today. 
f 
OPPOSITION OF U.S. WITHDRAWAL ON CLIMATE CHANGE 
HON. TERRI A. SEWELL 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in opposition to President Trump’s misguided decision to withdraw America from the Paris Climate Agreement. This agreement, which was negotiated and signed by President Obama, was a strong step in the right direc-tion to combat climate change. The deal de-veloped goals to reduce carbon pollution by increasing energy efficiency and investing in energy research and development. Joining Syria and Nicaragua, the United States is now one of three countries not par-ticipating in this groundbreaking pact of 195 nations. With this decision, President Trump has chosen to relinquish America’s position as a leader in global environmental policy and thus, forfeits the United States from techno-logical advancements and solar jobs that would drive our global economic growth. To retreat from the world stage gives other coun-tries, such as China and Russia, the oppor-tunity to gain universal influence. Moreover, President Trump’s decision to break America’s promise on energy commit-ment with no plan in place to reduce our car-bon footprint jeopardizes our progress toward a more sustainable energy future. Because of the lack of leadership in the White House, citi-zens across our nation must rely on city and state officials to lead their communities in an effort to combat climate change. More than 200 mayors from around the United States have joined the Mayors National Climate Action Agenda to adopt, honor, and uphold the commitments to the goals en-shrined in the Paris Agreement as well as strengthen local efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. I am proud to say that Bir-mingham Mayor William Bell has joined this initiative. Our constituents deserve a responsible en-ergy strategy that meets our obligation to pro-tect the environment for future generations. This strategy should also include a proposed plan to eradicate environmental injustice, an issue that affects many Americans today, in-cluding citizens of my district. For example, Perry County is a largely Afri-can American community in Alabama where coal ash from around the country is dumped. Time and time again, we see that communities of color, as well as the poor, are burdened with the negative health outcomes that stem from exposure to pollution and industrial waste. America deserves a President that will work to establish an energy policy that will position the United States as an energy independent country that also leads the world toward a sustainable future. f 
HONORING DR. KARI MOE 
HON. KEITH ELLISON 
OF MINNESOTA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the public service of Kari Moe, my Chief of Staff for over 10 years. When I was first elected to Congress, many of my friends and colleagues said the one thing I had to do was hire a great Chief of Staff. Kari has been more than great—she has been irreplaceable. Kari Moe met my personal hero and a men-tor, Senator Paul Wellstone, when she was a freshman at Carleton College, where he was a professor. When the college’s conservative administration moved not to renew Senator Wellstone’s contract in 1975, Kari organized campus protests to grant him tenure. Kari and her fellow activists were victorious, and Wellstone was granted tenure. That event marked the beginning of a long and successful career in organizing and lead-ership. Soon after graduating, she moved to Chicago to work for another personal hero, Harold Washington, the city’s first black Mayor. After Paul Wellstone won his Senate race in 1990, he called Kari to ask her to join his team in D.C. As Senator Wellstone’s Chief, she helped achieve many progressive victories and helped develop staffers with her signature nurturing leadership style. Kari has exceeded all expectations in her role as lead staffer for my office. She has, per-haps more than anyone, shaped my Congres-sional career. She helped us serve the 5th Congressional District, advance our policy agenda, and build the work of the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus. We have worked together every step of the way and I have ap-preciated her leadership. I will miss her and know she will continue to advance our agenda in her future work with young leaders. She will be remembered in my office for her strength, empathy and leadership, always urg-ing staff to act with purpose, and to remember that real change doesn’t come from the top— it comes from empowering people at the grass roots. I thank her for her service and will miss her in my office. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MIKE CHRISTOPHER ON HIS RETIREMENT AFTER 40 YEARS OF PUBLIC SERVICE 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mike Christopher, a devoted pub-lic servant in Franklin County, Pennsylvania. Mike is retiring after 40 years of dedicated public service as supervisor of Washington Township. Mike was born March 18, 1952 and grad-uated from Penn State University in 1975 with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Environment Resource Management. He married his wife Andrea on May 15, 1976, and began working for Washington Township the next year as Su-pervisor. In 1993, Mike began serving as the Township Treasurer as well as Supervisor. Mike is one of those outstanding individuals who is a true public servant, Mr. Speaker, and he didn’t stop with working for his local com-munity full time. He’s served on numerous boards and committees in the Waynesboro area and Franklin County including the YMCA Board of Directors and Building Committee, as President of the Greater Waynesboro Cham-ber of Commerce, and as Secretary for the Waynesboro Area Drug Education Consor-tium. He is also the founder of the Franklin County Crime Solvers Board. I am certainly not the first to recognize Mike for his outstanding service. In addition to much recognition throughout his career, just this year he was awarded the Chairman’s Distin-guished Service Award at the Pennsylvania State Association of Township Supervisors 95th Annual Conference in Hershey. Mr. Speaker, Mike’s willingness to serve his community and Pennsylvania sets him apart as an outstanding individual and I am honored to represent him in the United States Con-gress. I ask that all of my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives join me in congratulating Mike on his retirement and wishing him nothing but continued suc-cess. f 
MICKAYLA CUNNINGHAM 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Mickayla Cunningham for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Mickayla Cunningham is a student at Ar-vada K–8 School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Mickayla Cunningham is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Mickayla Cunningham for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BALDOMERO VELA SR 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of prominent Rio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.013 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE789 June 8, 2017 
Grande Valley businessman, Baldomero Vela Sr., who passed away on Friday, June 2, 2017. Baldomero, or ‘‘Baldo,’’ as he was known to friends and family, was born and raised in Hi-dalgo, Texas. After graduating from McAllen High School, he enlisted in the U.S. Army in 1944, serving in the 29th Infantry Division dur-ing World War II. He then attended the Univer-sity of Texas at Austin, graduating in 1949 with a degree in pharmaceuticals. Following graduation, Baldo was a phar-macist for 50 years in the Rio Grande Valley. In 1957, Baldo opened the Professional Phar-macy in McAllen, Texas. In the 1970s, he pur-chased Lee’s Pharmacy, which is now owned and operated by two of his five children. In ad-dition to his role as a pharmacist, Baldo was deeply involved in a number of community or-ganizations, including the Hidalgo Lions Club, Knights of Columbus, McAllen Public Utilities Board and McAllen Housing Services. Baldomero will be remembered as a kind and generous man, whose contributions to his community will not be easily forgotten. His generous spirit will live on in the Rio Grande Valley, leaving those he loved better for hav-ing known him. Mr. Speaker, South Texas lost a strong community member this month. He embodied the values of diligence, selflessness, and serv-ice. He will be sorely missed. 
f 
HONORING THE ACCOMPLISH-MENTS OF STEPHANIE BARBER GETER AS SHE RECEIVES THE MEDGAR EVERS AWARD FROM THE BUFFALO BRANCH OF THE NAACP 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Stephanie Barber Geter, recipient of The Medgar Evers Award at the NAACP—Buffalo Chapter’s Medgar Evers Din-ner. Ms. Geter has dedicated much of her life to serving others, especially the people of Western New York. She has left a lasting im-pact on our community by putting others be-fore herself and combining her skills with com-passion to improve the lives of others. Ms. Geter served as Senior Vice President of Funds Distribution & Community Initiatives at the United Way of Buffalo & Erie County. In this role, she distributed approximately $25 million annually to agency providers and com-munity partners which played a vital role in community development within Western New York. Ms. Geter’s tireless work for the United Way of Buffalo & Erie County has improved the quality of life of countless members of our community, and presented so many individ-uals with opportunities they would not have had without her. The extensive background in community service Ms. Geter possesses speaks volumes to her drive to make a positive impact on the world. She has experience working in the leg-islative service branch of government, neigh-borhood housing programs and youth job services. Ms. Geter has served diligently on numerous non-profit boards, community and government committees and oversight groups as well. Currently, Ms. Geter works at Buffalo State College as Director of the Head Start Partner-ship. As Director, she is a mentor and teacher to Head Start teachers who go on to help chil-dren. In addition, Ms. Geter serves as the President of the Hamlin Park Taxpayers Asso-ciation, Board Chair of Restoring Our Commu-nity Coalition, Board Chair of Elim Community Corporation, and is on the Board of the WNY Food Bank. As the Board Chair of Restoring Our Community Coalition, she has used her leadership to revitalize neighborhoods along Humboldt Parkway in Buffalo, NY. Ms. Geter has worked with Elim Community Corporation, a bible-based ministry that offers worship to many in our community. In her role on the Board of the WNY Food Bank, Ms. Geter or-ganized and helped provide services vital to the people of Western New York. The impacts of her work can be seen in many different forms. While Ms. Geter has been involved in many different causes and organizations, one constant is her devotion to people in Western New York. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me the time to recognize the remarkable work Ms. Stephanie Geter has done for the Western New York Community. Ms. Getter has truly dedicated her life to helping the people of Buf-falo & Erie County. Stephanie’s devotion to serving others is admirable and I would like to congratulate her on receiving the Medgar Evers Award. f 
EXPRESSING APPRECIATION FOR ROBERT LEE SIMMONS II 
HON. MAC THORNBERRY 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express appreciation for the work of Robert Lee Simmons II, Staff Director of the House Armed Services Committee. True con-fession—I don’t like goodbyes, and I’m not very good at them. So I wrote down a few things I want to say and then will yield to oth-ers. Bob Simmons has been a superb leader of the House Armed Services Committee staff for 12 years, across four chairmen. That longevity and continued confidence in him as chairmen come and go, as Committee members come and go, as the challenges that our military and our country face come and too often stay, is pretty remarkable, especially in the business we are in. I would say his greatest achievement is that he assembled, led, and inspired an out-standing group of people to give their best for our country through not only changing security challenges, but through changing political en-vironments. And he has always operated in light of the unique responsibilities that the Constitution places on Congress as a sepa-rate, independent branch of government. Our system is messy, difficult, usually inefficient— as Churchill said, it ‘‘is the worst form of gov-ernment except for all of the others that have ever been tried.’’ Over the years, Bob has spent the hours, incurred the headaches, the time in the car, the frustrations of dealing with knucklehead Members like me with the next great idea. And he has done all of that with patience and a cheerful disposition—usually. He has made this Committee, and helped make this Con-gress and this system of government, work. And our nation has benefited. I believe that there is nothing more noble to which men and women can devote their lives than to the protection of their fellow citizens and the security of our nation. Bob Simmons has devoted his life to that cause, first in in-dustry, then with us, now back to industry. But it has always been the same cause. And the guiding light has always been what’s the right thing to do for our country, and for the men and women who serve it. Everyone who serves in jobs like these does so at some sacrifice to family. And so I want to thank Donna and Rob for sharing Bob with us these 12 years and for understanding the missed anniversaries and birthdays. We were on quite a roll there for a while. On behalf of the men and women who have been privileged enough to serve in this room at some point over the past 12 years, we are incredibly grateful for the opportunity to work with Bob, for what you have done for us, and for all you have done for that most noble cause. f 
HONORING CAPTAIN JERRY LYNN TATE 
HON. JEB HENSARLING 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to recognize Captain Jerry Lynn Tate for his courageous service to our country. While Captain Tate enjoys his retirement in Mabank, Texas, his exemplary military career leaves a far-reaching legacy of true, American exceptionalism. Captain Tate joined the United States Army after graduating from the University of Okla-homa’s Army ROTC. He was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in January of 1967. Upon basic training and studies, Captain Tate was an instructor in the Armor School of Topographic Studies at Fort Knox. He went on to earn his Army Aviator Wings and received 18 Air Medals for meritorious achievement while participating in flight support for combat ground forces throughout the Republic of Viet-nam. As a pilot as well as an instructor in the Grumman OV–1 Mohawk, Captain Tate flew 945 hours and 315 missions in combat. He also received both the 1,000 and 2,000 hour plaque from Grumman Aerospace, commemo-rating his accident-free flying hours. There is no doubt that Captain Tate saved countless lives during his outstanding service to our country. His acts of bravery were commemorated with many awards and decorations, including the Bronze Star Medal. Upon his release from active duty as an instructor pilot and flight commander at Fort Rucker, Captain Tate went on to have a successful career as a pilot for Delta Air Lines for 33 years. Humbly, I echo the words of President Ron-ald Reagan, ‘‘We will always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be pre-pared, so we will always be free.’’ And hum-bly, I offer my sincere gratitude to Captain Jerry Lynn Tate for his service and acts of bravery that allow us the freedoms we enjoy today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.018 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE790 June 8, 2017 
IN RECOGNITION OF ANDREA LUNA CERVANTES’ RECEIPT OF THE 2017 HAMILTON SCHOLARS AWARD 
HON. PAUL A. GOSAR 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize Ms. Andrea Luna Cervantes of Prescott, Arizona. Andrea is an accomplished and dedicated student who has devoted tre-mendous amounts of time and energy to her studies and to improving her community. I am excited to announce that Andrea is one of 35 national recipients of the 2017 Hamilton Schol-ars Award for outstanding academic accom-plishments and community service. Her work ethic, academic aptitude and ability to connect with people of all ages renders her receipt of this award no surprise. Currently, Andrea is a rising senior at Yuma High School, where she is well on her way to becoming a productive service leader. In reaching this point, she has overcome many hardships through determination and a sup-portive community. I fully expect she will con-tinue to grow into a productive and engaged citizen—exactly the kind of leader our society is in need of. Those who know Andrea recognize that she has the natural ability to reach out and con-nect with people of all backgrounds. Included amongst her work in the community is her service as the Vice President of Junior State of America (JSA)—an American non-partisan youth organization that helps high school stu-dents acquire leadership skills and the req-uisite skills to be effective debaters and civic participants. She also serves as the President of her chapter of the National Honor Society— an academic membership-based organization that fosters a commitment to academic excel-lence. Andrea has competed at high levels of debate moderation and math competitions, and was a participant in the selective Yuma Youth Leadership Program. Andrea is an ambitious, high-achieving young woman. She embodies the characteris-tics which, when cultivated, give rise to the best of our society’s leaders. It is an honor of mine to recognize this Hamilton Scholar, and I expect only the best from Andrea’s future en-deavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. BRIAN BABIN 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 7, I joined the Vice-President for an im-portant event at Johnson Space Center in my congressional district. As a result, I missed the following recorded votes: On roll call Number 288, ordering the pre-vious question on House Resolution 374, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 289, agreeing to House Resolution 374, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 290, ordering the pre-vious question on House Resolution 375, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 291, agreeing to House Resolution 375, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 292, the motion to table the appeal of the ruling of the chair, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ On roll call Number 293, passage of an amendment to H.R. 2213, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ On roll call Number 294, passage of H.R. 2213, had I been present I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ I am pleased that my colleagues in the House voted to pass the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Reauthorization Act of 2017 that will en-able the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to fulfill its duty to protect the American people by waiving specific pre-employment re-quirements for certain qualified candidates to make the hiring process more expedient. The CBP is currently understaffed below its con-gressionally mandated level and this bill will help alleviate this staffing shortage. f 
DULLES HIGH SCIENCE TEAM GOES FAR IN NATIONAL COM-PETITION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dulles High School of Sugar Land, TX, for placing in the top 16 at the 2017 National Science Bowl Competition hosted by the U.S. Department of Energy. The National Science Bowl is a prestigious academic competition that brings together thousands of middle and high school students from across the country. Students compete by solving technical problems and answering questions on a range of topics, such as biol-ogy, chemistry, earth and space science, physics and math. From January to March, re-gional elimination tournaments were held across the country. The top 111 teams from the regional competitions earned the oppor-tunity to compete at the National Science Bowl. Dulles High School made it to the top 16, winning $1000 for their school’s science department. The team members included: An-drew Liu, Shree Mohan, Shreyas Balaji, Anish Patel, Abin Antony, Coach Judy Matney and Coach Chandra Mohan. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Dulles High School for earning a top 16 spot at the National Science Bowl. We’re proud to have them represent TX–22 and look forward to seeing their future accomplish-ments. 
f 
HONORING THE ACCOMPLISH-MENTS OF ANTHONY WILEY JR. AS HE RECEIVES THE YOUTH AWARD FROM THE BUFFALO BRANCH OF THE NAACP 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to honor the accomplishments of Mr. Anthony Wiley Jr., as he receives the Youth Award, which has been awarded to him by the Buffalo Branch of the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People. He is deserving of this award due to his in-volvement with his local Boy Scout Troop, and his volunteer work for churches throughout his community. Anthony has been involved with community service as a member of his Boy Scout troop throughout his life, and has been promoted to an Assistant Scoutmaster of Troop 237. He at-tained this honor by earning his merit badges through service-oriented and camping experi-ences, and was further awarded the rank of Eagle Scout for his hard work and dedication. Some of Anthony’s achievements as a Boy Scout include performing his role as Crew Leader on an eighty-two mile journey at Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico, acting as a Patrol Leader and later as a Senior Pa-trol member, and becoming a member of the Arrow of the Arrow. His Eagle Scout Project involved supervising the building of a new supply cabinet for his church. Notably, he spent a total of 105 hours to complete this project, and was acknowledged and rewarded by the Eagle Scout board of review on De-cember 22, 2015. Anthony has shown dedication to the Scout Oath, exhibiting an exemplary sense of duty and admirable mental and moral aptitude. He is extensively involved with his community, as shown by his attendance at the Macedonia Missionary Baptist Church, where he plays the drums, volunteers regularly in the food pantry, and helps those who run the church in their duties by tending to the sanctuary in the eve-nings. He is a graduate of Tapestry Charter High School, where he was a member of the Thun-der Hawks Varsity Basketball Team and of the school band. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to honor Mr. Anthony Wiley Jr. for his hard work and his dedication to his commu-nity. I wish him the best in his future endeav-ors and look forward to seeing how he will continue to serve others. f 
GOREVILLE HS GIRLS SOFTBALL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to salute the achievements of the Goreville Black Cats softball team, which earlier this month brought home the Illinois Class 1A State Championship. The Black Cats put together a 26–8 season this year, swept through the regional and the sectional, and knocked off two of the state’s top teams at the state finals in order to claim the title. The team beat Hardin-Calhoun 2–0 in extra innings in the championship game. These student-athletes and their coaches have represented themselves, their school, and their community in a first-rate fashion. I join with the other Members of this House in congratulating them and wishing them all the best in their future academic and athletic en-deavors. Congratulations to: team members Katie Schuetz, Camille Green, Shayna Elms, Mor-gan Dunning, Alexandria King, Payton 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.026 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE791 June 8, 2017 
Sopczak, Adrianna Licka, Cheyenne Walker, Summar Albright (C), Kiara Miller, Breanna Stout, Camren Anderson (C), Macy Goins, Samantha Licka, Kelsey Ray; coaches and staff Steve Webb—Superintendent, Jeri Mil-ler—Principal, Christina King—Assistant Prin-cipal, Todd Tripp—Athletic Director, Shanna Massey—Head Coach, Brooke Merrill—Assist-ant Coach, and Mandy Schuetz—Score-keeper. 
f 
RECOGNIZING LOGAN LEE FOR HIS STATE TITLE AS THE 1A 220- POUND ILLINOIS STATE WRES-TLING CHAMPION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Logan Lee, a sophomore at Orion High School, for being named the Class 1A 220-pound Illinois State Champion in wres-tling. Logan Lee claimed a 12–9 victory at the Illi-nois State Wrestling Championship, and I would like to recognize Logan for his tremen-dous accomplishment. Logan’s dedication and passion for his sport allowed him to overcome a difficult season, and a state bracket that in-cluded the top seed in his path. As a former athlete, I understand the hard work and dedi-cation that goes into being awarded such a title. Logan has dedicated himself to his sport, and shows us all the value of perseverance and a strong work ethic. I am proud there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent our community throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Logan Lee on his title, and I join the rest of our community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING FRANK B. MESIAH AS HE RECEIVES THE PRESIDENT’S AWARD FROM THE BUFFALO CHAPTER OF THE NAACP 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the exceptional service of civil rights and social justice pioneer Frank B. Mesiah as the former president of the Buffalo Branch of the National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People (NAACP) as he is presented with the President’s Award at the NAACP Annual Medgar Evers Dinner. Frank Mesiah is from Buffalo’s West Side and a graduate of Grover Cleveland High School, in the Buffalo Public School system he would later fight to integrate. He earned his Bachelor’s and Master’s degrees from Buffalo State College and worked as both a Buffalo police officer, Buffalo teacher, and at the New York State Department of Labor to support his wife and three daughters. After serving our nation and earning an hon-orable discharge from the United States Army in the 1950’s, Frank worked tirelessly to fur-ther the civil rights movement in the city of Buffalo. Under his leadership, the local NAACP chapter saw many successes in the public sector, notably in the city’s police force and the public education system. Frank diligently played the role of watchdog in the community by exposing racism and dis-crimination. Through the work of the NAACP, the Buffalo Public Schools were desegregated, thanks in no small part to Frank’s efforts. He also fought for reforms in the Buffalo police force to ensure black and white officers were treated equally in the workplace. The NAACP also advanced black teachers and administra-tors in public schools. In addition to striving for improvements for people of color in the city of Buffalo, Frank fought for the rights of women, senior citizens, and the gay and lesbian community. Buffalo is indebted to his remarkable determination and steadfast resolve. While much work remains to be done, Frank’s work and the battles fought by the NAACP under his leadership have cre-ated a better place for us all. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me the opportunity to highlight the tremendous service of Frank Mesiah and the Buffalo Chapter of the NAACP. Our city is so grateful for his dedication to civil rights. I wish him the abso-lute best in all his future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING GREG J. FEERE UPON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Greg J. Feere upon his retirement from the Contra Costa Building and Construc-tion Trades Council. Mr. Feere has been an extraordinary community leader at the Building Trades Council and throughout Contra Costa County. During his tenure as Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Mr. Feere also served as a Commis-sioner for the Contra Costa County Fish & Wildlife and as a Trustee of Contra Costa Col-lege. Prior to his work with the Building Trades Council, Greg was the youngest Business Manager for Asbestos Workers Local 16 to be elected in 100 years of the Local’s history. During his 30 years of service as CEO of the Council, Greg was elected uncontested for his seven terms, which reflects his accom-plished tenure. Some highlights of his achieve-ments include designing the first Community Outreach Program in Northern California to create training and job opportunities for women, minorities and economically disadvan-taged workers, doubling the Council’s mem-bership in two and a half years, at a time when other unions were losing members and development and promotion of the Best Em-ployee Safety Team (B.E.S.T.) program used at Shell refinery, which set a national safety record of 4 million hours worked without a lost time accident; for which Shell refinery received the Business Roundtable National Safety Award. Mr. Feere’s rich legacy is filled with positive impacts on working families and the less fortu-nate for those living in Contra Costa County and beyond. I wish Greg all of the best in his retirement. Congratulations to Greg on a remarkable legacy of service in Contra Costa. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JAMES JA-COBS FOR HIS OUTSTANDING CA-REER WITH MACOMB COMMU-NITY COLLEGE 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. James Jacobs for his work on behalf of Macomb Community College. Mr. Ja-cobs has been a tireless advocate for the col-lege and higher education during his presi-dency and career with MCC. After graduating from Princeton with a de-gree in politics, Dr. Jacobs began his career with MCC as a professor in economics, where he specialized in occupational education and suburban economic development. After sev-eral decades of teaching, Dr. Jacobs moved into MCC’s administration in 1994. During his time, he also worked with the Community Col-lege Research Center at Columbia University, where he directed efforts on addressing issues facing community colleges throughout the country. In 2008, Dr. Jacobs was named President of MCC and served in this position until this year. During his tenure, Dr. Jacobs spearheaded a number of initiatives to grow and modernize the college, including expand-ing its training and vocational education pro-grams to provide students in the community with in demand skillsets. These efforts have helped solidify MCC as a leader in workforce development and training. Dr. Jacobs’ decades of service with MCC has helped create a nationally renowned insti-tution that effectively serves the needs of the Southeast Michigan community. Throughout his time as President, Dr. Jacobs has grown and expanded the college’s workforce devel-opment and entrepreneurship offering, includ-ing the Innovation Fund Macomb Community College, which provides assistance to early- stage companies and entrepreneurs. His long- term planning has led to national recognition for MCC, including visits by President Obama and other state leaders. This legacy of excel-lence has helped drive economic development and provide a quality education to countless students, and Dr. Jacobs’ leadership will be missed as he moves on from his current posi-tion. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Dr. James Jacobs for his distin-guished career with Macomb Community Col-lege. Dr. Jacobs’ work with MCC has been critical to the development of southeast Michi-gan and the education of its workforce. 
f 
MONICA VALIENTE 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Monica Valiente for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.002 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE792 June 8, 2017 
Monica Valiente is a student at Warren Tech North and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Monica Valiente is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Monica Valiente for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future accomplishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF THE FALLEN SOLDIER ARMY SER-GEANT (SGT) CHRISTOPHER ROGER BELL 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of fallen soldier Army Sergeant (SGT) Christopher Roger Bell who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our nation on June 4, 2011, during Operation En-during Freedom. SGT Bell was killed when an improvised explosive device hit his convoy in Laghman Province, Afghanistan. Also killed were Sergeant (SGT) Joshua David Powell, Sergeant (SGT) Devin Arielle Snyder, and Specialist (SPC) Robert Lee Voakes, Jr. SGT Bell was assigned to the 164th Military Police Company, 793rd Military Police Bat-talion, 3rd Maneuver Enhancement Brigade of Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska. SGT Bell, a Golden, Mississippi native, was 21 years old at the time of death. He joined the Army in July 2008 after graduating from Tremont High School in Tremont, Mississippi, and served at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri, before being stationed in Alaska in January 2009. ‘‘If he saw that someone needed help, he did not hesitate to step in and lend a hand,’’ said Robert Worthington. ‘‘He always put oth-ers before himself. SGT Bell strived for perfec-tion in every aspect of life, and knowing that perfection was out of reach, he still never stopped trying.’’ He was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, Purple Heart and Good Conduct Medal, NATO Medal, and Combat Action Badge. He was also awarded the National Defense Service Medal, Afghanistan Campaign Medal with Bronze Service Star, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Over-seas Service Ribbon, Combat and Special Skill Badge, Basic Marksmanship Qualification Badge, and Overseas Service Bar. On June 17, 2011, SGT Bell was buried with full military honors at the Living Faith Tabernacle Cemetery in Columbus, Mis-sissippi. SGT Bell is survived by his wife, Samantha Lucas Bell; daughter, Lana Nicole Bell; his parents, Timothy and Barbara Bell; and broth-ers, Zachary and Timothy Bell. He is also sur-vived by his maternal grandparents, James and Mary Wooten; his paternal grandmother, Judith Pitcher; his mother and father-in-law, Vera and Roger Lucas; and his brother-in-law, Roger Lucas. SGT Bell’s service and sacrifice will always be remembered. f 
HONORING NATIONAL CANCER SURVIVORS DAY AND THE SALISBURY VISITING NURSE AS-SOCIATION 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Cancer Survivors Day and to honor the cancer sur-vivors and medical professionals gathered in Salisbury, Connecticut who are champions in the fight against cancer. Cancer has touched all of our lives in some way, and there are more than 15 million sur-vivors in our country. Whether we have seen family, friends, or neighbors fight the disease, they have shown us tremendous courage and fortitude. Their perseverance and commitment to a living fully after diagnosis is an inspiration to us all. Today’s celebration in Salisbury makes a powerful statement about our com-munity’s commitment to those in need of sup-port and our goal to improve the lives of those who have been diagnosed. In Connecticut, we are lucky to have leaders in medical treatment and patient care. The Salisbury Visiting Nurse Association has been serving the people of northwestern Con-necticut for over a century. These profes-sionals both provide high quality care to pa-tients and address their personal needs, often ensuring they can remain in the safety and comfort of their own home. It is dedicated health care professionals like these who sup-port cancer patients and their families through treatment and to lead a fulfilling life. Each day, the nurses, social workers, and health care professionals of our community make a dif-ference in the lives of our neighbors. Mr. Speaker, National Cancer Survivors Day is a global event that reminds us of the cour-age shown by cancer patients and of the ev-eryday compassion that helps those who have been diagnosed. It is fitting and proper that we honor the survivors and care providers gath-ered in Salisbury, Connecticut today and cele-brate their lives and work. 
f 
HONORING STEVE HARDY 
HON. JOHN GARAMENDI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in memory of Mayor Steve Hardy, a beloved member of the Vacaville community, who passed away this May. Mr. Hardy was born in San Francisco, and served six years in the Navy from 1960 to 1966 as a radar operator on a destroyer. He then returned home and worked as a San Francisco police officer for five years before leaving that position to become a public policy specialist in Sacramento. He served as the Staff Director for the Cali-fornia State Senate Committee on Govern-mental Organization for 19 years. From 1980 to 1985, Mr. Hardy was an advocate for the California State Employees Association, the union of California’s state workers. Mr. Hardy served as Chairman of the So-lano County Drug Abuse Advisory Council in 1978 and 1979, and as a member of the Vacaville Human Services Commission from 1977 through 1979. He also served as a Vacaville Unified School Board Member from 1987 through 1991 where, among other positions, he served as its President. Mr. Hardy was elected to the Vacaville City Council in 2002, where he served two terms. In 2007 he was appointed director of the state Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control by then-Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, which led to his stepping down as a city council member. He was elect-ed Mayor of Vacaville in 2010 and served one term. Mayor Hardy was an excellent representa-tive for the Vacaville community. He helped lead the city through the Great Recession, im-prove local surface transportation, and was al-ways able to take a principled approach to the most critical challenges and decisions the Council faced. Steve Hardy’s loss leaves a major void in the community. Mr. Hardy’s wife of 46 years, Jerri Hardy, passed away in March 2012. He is survived by a son, Stephen; and a daugh-ter, Shannon. The Vacaville community mourns Steve’s passing and remembers his selfless commitment to the community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF SAINT PARIZE-
LE-CHAˆTEL, FRANCE 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the people of Saint Parize-le- Chaˆtel, France as they commemorate the 100th Anniversary of the arrival of American troops during World War I. During the Great War, Saint Parize-le- Chaˆtel was the location of the Mars-sur-Allier Army Hospital which housed more than 40,000 wounded soldiers while it was in oper-ation. Thus a deep and abiding relationship was established and continues to embody the close bond that the United States and France have maintained since the American Revolu-tion. This year, on the 100th Anniversary of the arrival of American troops to their town, the people of Saint Parize-le-Chaˆtel are coming together to inaugurate a memorial that is dedi-cated to American servicemen and women who cared for their wounded comrades in arms at Mars-sur-Allier. The commitment of the Saint Parize-le-Chaˆtel community to pre-serving and celebrating this history is a testa-ment to the deeply held values of liberty, equality, and fraternity by both French and Americans alike. It is at times like this when we should all take a moment to remember and thank those who have risen, time and again, to defend these shared values throughout his-tory. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Saint Parize-le-Chaˆtel on this joyous occasion. I ask 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K08JN8.004 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE793 June 8, 2017 
that my colleagues join me in thanking Mayor Andre´Garcia and the Council of Saint Parize- le-Chaˆtel for their efforts in organizing this his-toric commemoration. 
f 
HONORING THE CAREER OF TIF-FANY RENEE’ LEWIS AS SHE RE-CEIVES THE DANIEL R. ACKER COMMUNITY SERVICE AWARD FROM THE BUFFALO CHAPTER OF THE NAACP 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I stand today to honor the outstanding works of Ms. Tiffany Renee’ Lewis, as she receives the distinguished Daniel R. Acker Community Service Award from the Buffalo Branch of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Her contributions to the com-munity of Buffalo are numerous, including her ownership of the Skin Deep Beauty Spa, her volunteer work for The American Cancer Soci-ety’s ‘‘Look Good Feel Better’’ Program, her work as a realtor for Realty USA and as a marketing assistant for Watts Architecture and Engineering, and her development of the youth mentorship program, ‘‘Confident Girl,’’ which she launched in 2016. Through her volunteer work with The Amer-ican Cancer Society’s Look Good Feel Better Program, she has provided invaluable assist-ance to those who are suffering by helping cancer patients to look and feel their best. She is uniquely qualified for this service, as she re-ceived her Esthetics license from The Salon Professional Academy, receiving top honor for her hard work. She then further pursued her Certification in Clinical Oncology Esthetics through the Skin Therapy Institute, making her the first African American female to do so in the Western New York Region. Notably, she trained in Washington, D.C., with First Lady Michelle Obama’s Personal Esthetician JoElle Lee in June of 2014, earning a Certificate in Dealing with Multicultural Skin. Her dedication has allowed her to become a celebrity esthetician, speaker, educator and mentor who specializes in the health and wellness of the skin. In addition to her honorable work with cancer patients, she has also dem-onstrated her preeminence in her field through her work with celebrities, professional athletes and world renowned artistic directors. She also offers guidance by contributing to maga-zine and newspaper articles, as well as radio shows. She is now a highly-regarded expert in the field of Esthetics. Ms. Lewis also holds a dual degree in Legal and Religious Studies, and has spent more than twelve years working within the commu-nity on various development programs. She combined her extensive experiences in com-munity organizing and the beneficial social ef-fects of Esthetics to create the ‘‘Confident Girl’’ Mentoring Program, which works to em-power youth, teens and young adults in New York. The program serves over thirty young people in the Advantage After-School Program in Niagara Falls, New York, by helping them to pursue self-discovery and wholesome devel-opmental strategies. She works to promote feelings of self-confidence and self-worth in those who might otherwise feel marginalized. She teaches children and young adults about the importance of taking care of their minds, bodies and spirits. Simultaneously, she advo-cates for the youth members of her commu-nity, and continues to learn and develop ever- improving methods of Esthetic care and com-munity development. Formerly Ms. Lewis served as Vice-Chair for the Buffalo Promise Neighborhood Community Council, and has been a member of the Na-tional Notary Association, the Buffalo Niagara Association of Realtors, the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People, and the National Association of Realtors. A native of Memphis, Tennessee, Ms. Lewis moved with her family to Buffalo, New York, at a young age. The Buffalo community is ex-tremely grateful to her for her hard work and her contributions to the overall health of its members. Ms. Lewis has been recognized for her ac-complishments many times before, earning the Trailblazer Award by the program ‘‘Women Making History,’’ the Women of Influence Award by Buffalo Business First, the New York State Award for Public Policy, the Volun-teer of the Year Award for her community service with the developmentally disabled, a Volunteer Award by the Buffalo Promise Neighborhood, and many more. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride that I rise today to honor Ms. Tiffany Renee’ Lewis for her inspirational dedication to the community. She has proven herself to be an extraor-dinarily intelligent and accomplished woman, and I wish her the best in her future endeav-ors. 
f 
CORBIN WINS KATY TOMPKIN HIGH’S FIRST STATE CHAMPION-SHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mason Corbin of Katy, TX, for winning the state championship title in the Boys High Jump 6A division at the University Interscholastic League Track and Field State Meet. Most people spend years training to win a state championship and then there is Mason. The Katy Tompkin High School junior tried out for track and field in February for the first time at the recommendation of a friend, even though he’s been an avid basketball player since seventh grade. Mason won his first high jump meet in March by clearing 6–7 and went on to prove he can compete with the best by clearing 6–10 (and breaking a personal record) at the District 19–6A championships. He’s currently ranked 15th in the nation and will compete at the New Balance Outdoor Na-tionals in the elite meet this June in North Carolina. We wish him good luck. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Mason for winning the state championship. We’re proud of his quick success and look for-ward to seeing him do well in his upcoming meets. MIGUEL NUNEZ HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Miguel Nunez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Miguel Nunez is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because his determination and hard work have allowed him to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Miguel Nunez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Miguel Nunez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt he will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of his future accom-plishments. 
f 
HONOR FLIGHT OF OREGON 
HON. GREG WALDEN 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recog-nize twenty-five World War II veterans from Oregon who visited their memorial on the Na-tional Mall on Friday, June 9,2017 through Honor Flight of Oregon. Every time I have the chance to meet one of these heroes from the ‘‘Greatest Generation,’’ I am reminded of the poignant words of General Dwight D. Eisen-hower. In a message to Allied troops just be-fore D-Day, he said, ‘‘The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of lib-erty loving people everywhere march with you.’’ He was right then, of course, Mr. Speaker. But over seventy years later, liberty loving people everywhere continue to owe—these heroes for their extraordinary service and their incredible stories of sacrifice and bravery on behalf of our country. That’s why it is my privi-lege to enter their names into the C
ONGRES -
SIONAL RECORD today. The veterans on this Honor Flight from Or-egon are as follows: Robert Turkisher, Air Force; Curtis Lyon, Army Air Force; Benny Ashbaugh, Army; Lloyd Bert Baldwin, Army; Fred Feigner, Army; Albert Wellman, Army; Kenneth Williams, Army; Helen Bennett, Wom-en’s Army Corps; Frank White, Army and Navy; Jack Rickard, Marine Corps; Ray Rigutto, Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Re-serve; Duane Amundson, Navy; Theodore Bennett, Navy; Rudolph Fenk, Navy; Frank Kline, Navy; Robert Martin, Navy; Thomas McAllisterr, Navy; Andrew Naylor, Navy; Julene Peterson, Navy; John Sefren, Navy; Samuel Sorrels, Navy; Quentin Smith, Navy; Dan Smith, Navy; Donald Warneke, Navy; Santo Regalbuto, Navy Reserve. These twenty-five heroes join the over 150,000 veterans who have been honored through the Honor Flight Network of volun-teers nationwide since 2005. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.009 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE794 June 8, 2017 
I also want to thank and recognize the guardians and group leaders on this flight, as well as the dedicated Board Members of Honor Flight of Oregon, who worked so hard to make this trip happen. Mr. Speaker, at the height of the Civil War in 1863, President Abraham Lincoln wrote, ‘‘Honor to the Soldier, and Sailor everywhere, who bravely bears his country’s cause.’’ Each of us in this Chamber and in this Nation should be humbled by the courage of these brave veterans who put themselves in harm’s way for our country and way of life. As a na-tion, we can never fully repay the debt of grati-tude owed to them for their honor, commit-ment, and sacrifice in defense of the freedoms we have today. My colleagues, please join me in thanking these veterans and the volunteers of Honor Flight of Oregon for their exemplary dedication and service to this great country. 
f 
WELCOMING THE ROMANIAN PRESIDENT TO THE UNITED STATES 
HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome Romanian President Klaus Iohannis to our Nation’s Capital, and I look forward to personally meeting with him this evening. Two days ago, President Iohannis placed a wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in the Ar-lington National Cemetery, honoring the mem-ory of our service members. Tomorrow, he is meeting with President Trump and other American officials. Romania is a stalwart U.S. partner and an important member of the NATO Alliance. It hosts the Aegis Ashore Mis-sile Defense System at Deveselu military base, which protects NATO members from ballistic missile threats originating from the Middle East. Romania has also been a staunch American ally in global counterterrorism operations against ISIS and Al Qaeda, collaborating on intelligence-sharing initiatives to support U.S. and NATO operations. The Romanian armed forces have supported U.S. and NATO mis-sions in Iraq, Afghanistan, and other theaters for over a decade, contributing more than 30,000 total combat and support personnel. With over 600 troops currently serving in Af-ghanistan, Romania maintains the fourth larg-est NATO contingent protecting vital U.S. se-curity interests and the safety of Afghan com-munities and international forces. I join all my colleagues in welcoming a true friend, Romanian President Klaus Iohannis. 
f 
COMMENDING COLONEL ANTHONY MITCHELL 
HON. RODNEY DAVIS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today to commend Colonel Anthony Mitchell for his efforts as Commander of the St. Louis District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Before his command ends in June of 2017, he will have overseen nearly $200 million in civil works water resource planning, design, construction, and regulatory functions in the states of Illinois and Missouri. Mitchell began his duties as the 51st Com-mander of the St. Louis District in 2014 and has since then worked to provide leadership and direction to more than 700 military and ci-vilian personnel, functioning to provide water resource engineering solutions to the 300 miles of the Mississippi watershed above the Ohio River. Aside from his accomplishments in engi-neering, Mitchell’s military decorations are praiseworthy as well. Featuring two Bronze Star Medals; the Defense Meritorious Service Medal, four Meritorious Service Medals, two Army Commendation Medals, four Army Achievement Medals, the Parachutist Badge and the Army Engineer Association’s Bronze de Fleury Medal. Additionally, in 2012 Mitchell was recognized as the Black Engineer of the Year Award Recipient for Professional Achievement in Government. These awards are truly a testament to Mitchell and the level of dedication he puts in to his work. Colonel Mitchell’s commitment to the St. Louis District has undoubtedly contributed to the Mississippi Valley Region’s excellence and I congratulate him on his many achievements and thank him for his work. f 
NEVAEH JENSEN 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nevaeh Jen-sen for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nevaeh Jensen is a student at Jefferson High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nevaeh Jensen is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Nevaeh Jensen for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE BROWARD EDUCATION FOUNDATION 
HON. THEODORE E. DEUTCH 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the honorees of the Broward Edu-cation Foundation for their efforts to make the Broward County Public School system one of the best in the state. These men and women have served Broward County with distinction through their efforts, and they have dem-onstrated a commitment to improving our pub-lic schools in South Florida. The Broward Education Foundation helps to provide the students of Broward County with an exceptional education, enabling them to reach their greatest potential. The scholar-ships provided by the Foundation will enable 190 students this year alone to pursue their goals of higher education. I express deep appreciation for the Broward Education Foundation’s important work. Their dedication has truly changed lives by providing students the educational tools they need to achieve success. I thank them for their work and service. f 
HONORING BOB PESTONI 
HON. MIKE THOMPSON 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Bob Pestoni upon the oc-casion of celebrating 125 years of family winemaking in the Napa Valley. A native of St. Helena, California, Mr. Pestoni graduated from St. Helena High School before attending Napa Valley College and then joining the U.S. Army. Mr. Pestoni is the descendant of the Pestino and Domingos winemaking families. Mr. Pestoni’s great-great-grandfather, Albino Pestoni, immigrated to Napa Valley from a small village in Switzerland near the Italian border in 1892. Ten years later, he, his wife Maria Madonna, and their four sons estab-lished Bonded Winery 935. One of those sons, Henry, formed a vineyard management crew and planted and managed vineyards through-out the upper Napa Valley. He learned how soil, sunlight, rootstock, and varietal selection could affect fruit quality, and, along with his wife Lena, he owned and operated Old Mill Winery from 1933 to 1958. Mr. Pestoni and his brother Marvin used their foundation in sustainable farming to es-tablish Upper Valley Disposal Service in 1963. Paying the same careful attention to the soil as their ancestors did, the brothers offered composting as a solution to our local wine community’s discarded grape skin, pulp, seeds, and stems. Upper Valley Disposal and Recycling has been very successful, inspiring our community to refer to Mr. Pestoni as the ‘‘King of Compost.’’ After many years of growing winegrapes for other wine producers, Mr. Pestoni and his wife, Sylvia, opened the doors of Rutherford Grove Winery in 1994. This year, in celebra-tion of their family’s 125th anniversary of Napa Valley Winemaking, the winery was renamed Pestoni Family Estate Winery. Mr. Speaker, Bob Pestoni and his family be-fore him have made single vineyard, hand- crafted wines for 125 years. They are my friends. I am proud that this hardworking man and family do so much for our community. It is fitting and proper that we honor them here today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.011 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE795 June 8, 2017 
TRIAD HS GIRLS SOCCER 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to an outstanding sports team from southern Illinois. The Triad High School Wom-en’s Soccer team won the Illinois Class 2A state championship on June 3, defeating Wheaton Academy 5–4. After 100 minutes of scoreless play the Lady Nights began to make goals and fight off their competitors’ shots re-sulting in their State Title. The Lady Nights from Troy, Illinois, put to-gether a 22–6 record en route to the cham-pionship, defeating rivals and earning one small victory at a time. My congratulations go to: Madisyn Stauffer, Jody Ellis, Kalie Gibbs, Madison Mell, Mad-eline Keller, Jordyn Besserman, Hailey Busche, Chelsea Riden, Meaghan Smith (C), Samantha Bassler (C), Ashley Newcombe, Sydney Thomas, Eryn Fanning, Chloe Scott, Erynn Little (C), Sydney Beach, Katie Rogers, Jordan Wilson, Sierra Schlemmer, Rebecca Byrd, Morgan Bohnenstiehl (C), Molly Suess, Mercedes King and coaches and staff Matt Bettlach—Varsity Head Coach, Jim Jackson— Varsity Assistant Coach, Heather Seger—Jun-ior Varsity Coach, and Bailey Stack—Fresh-man Coach. 
f 
NICOLE DERWENT 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Nicole Derwent for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Nicole Derwent is a student at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Nicole Derwent is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Ni-cole Derwent for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
PEARLAND TEACHER AWARDED NATIONAL FELLOWSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Daniel Clason of Pearland, TX, for being awarded a Fellowship by the James Madison Memorial Fellowship Foundation of Alexandria, VA. A social studies teacher at KIPP Spirit Col-lege Prep, Daniel is one of 53 people nation-wide to receive this fellowship. The James Madison Fellowship recognizes promising and distinguished teachers, while supporting fur-ther study of American history and govern-ment by those who want to teach related courses in secondary schools. The fellowship will fund up to $24,000 of Daniel’s master’s degree, which is focused on the history and principles of the U.S. Constitution. This will allow Daniel to pursue a more in depth edu-cation, which he can pass on to his students. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Daniel for being awarded the James Madi-son Fellowship. Our students will greatly ben-efit from his hard work and will grow up to be defenders of the U.S. Constitution. f 
RECOGNIZING TYLER FLEETWOOD FOR HIS TITLE AS THE CLASS 1A 120-POUND ILLINOIS STATE WRESTLING CHAMPION 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Tyler Fleetwood, for being named the Class 1A 120-pound Illinois State Cham-pion in wrestling. Tyler Fleetwood is now Fulton High School’s first two-time state champion with an 11–5 vic-tory over Aurora Christian in a 120-pound title match, and I would like to recognize Tyler for his tremendous accomplishment. Tyler’s dedi-cation and passion for wrestling secured him the state championship title yet again, and a state bracket that included the top seed in his path. As a former athlete, I understand the amount of commitment and hard work it takes to be awarded such a title. Tyler is an exam-ple of the importance and value of persever-ance and a strong work ethic. I am proud that there is such young talent in our community, and to see him represent our community throughout the state. Mr. Speaker, I would like to again formally congratulate Tyler Fleetwood on his title, and I join the rest of our community in wishing him every success in the future. 
f 
HONORING KANASHA BLUE AS SHE RECEIVES THE RUFUS FRAZIER HUMAN SERVICES AWARD FROM THE BUFFALO CHAPTER OF THE NAACP 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today to recognize Kanasha Blue’s service to others. Ms. Blue’s years of work in public service have earned her the Rufus Frazier Human Services Award at the NAACP—Buffalo Chapter’s Medgar Evers award dinner. A native of Montego Bay, Jamaica, Ms. Blue has made improving the lives of others a fun-damental component of her life. She has re-sided in Buffalo, NY since 1997 and is a Vet-eran of Operation Enduring Freedom as well as a retired Staff Sergeant of the New York Army National Guard. In addition to her commendable and brave service in our military, Ms. Blue is impressive in her willingness to go above and beyond what is asked of her. While deployed in sup-port of Operation Enduring Freedom, Ms. Blue organized a drive for personal care items and clothing for local workers in need that helped close to 100 people meet their basic personal care needs. Recently, she supported deployed troops with a personal care item drive that re-sulted in hundreds of dollars in products being donated to the noble cause. These are just a few examples of Ms. Blue actively searching for opportunities to help others. Ms. Blue volunteers with the Second Baptist Church Food Pantry, Lambda Pi Upsilon So-rority, Inc., and the Buffalo/Niagara Mentorship Program. She has used her leadership skills to bring about positive change in the lives of countless individuals. Her ability to lead and impact others led her to serve as President of Second Baptist Church Missionary/Deaconess Ministry, Third Vice Commander of the Amer-ican Legion Jesse Clipper Post 430, Executive Committee member of the National Associa-tion for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), and Co-Chair of the Young Adult Action Committee (YAAC). Other accomplishments by Ms. Blue include her Bachelor of Science Degree in Criminal Justice from SUNY Buffalo State and a Mas-ter’s Degree in Public Administration from Marist College. She enjoys spending time with her husband of two years, Robert Blue. Mr. Speaker, thank you for allowing me to take the time to recognize the great work Ms. Kanasha Blue has done for the Western New York community and people throughout the world. Her generosity and dedication are ad-mirable and I wish her the best in all her fu-ture endeavors. f 
TO EXTEND THE DEADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT OF CONSTRUC-TION OF A HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT 
HON. DAN NEWHOUSE 
OF WASHINGTON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce legislation to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydro-electric project in my district. Specifically, this legislation will provide for a ‘‘commencement of construction’’ deadline extension for the Enloe Dam Hydroelectric Project that is being developed in Washington State by the Okanogan Public Utility District. On July 9, 2013, the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission (FERC) granted the Okanogan Public Utility District an original li-cense for the Enloe Dam Hydroelectric Project, which will be located at the existing Enloe Dam that is situated about 3.5 miles northwest of the City of Oroville in the State of Washington. The current Enloe Dam was con-structed in 1920 on Bureau of Land Manage-ment (BLM) land for power generation. How-ever, operations ceased in 1958 when the ex-tension of Bonneville Power Administration’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.016 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE796 June 8, 2017 
high voltage transmission line into the Okanogan Valley provided a less expensive source of electricity. The proposed Enloe Dam Hydroelectric Project makes economic and en-vironmental sense, as it will convert currently untapped energy in existing flow releases into clean, renewable energy. The Enloe Dam Hydroelectric Project will have a footprint that is roughly half the size of the existing facility but will provide approxi-mately three times the generating capacity of the decommissioned plant. Completion of the Project will provide Washingtonians and the Pacific Northwest region with a clean, renew-able energy resource that generates an esti-mated 45,000 megawatt hours per year of car-bon-free, renewable power. Additionally, the proposed project will create jobs and needed employment opportunities in a region with an unemployment rate that far exceeds the na-tional average, underscoring the many positive benefits this project will have for the local community, state, and region. The legislation will allow for development of this critical hydropower facility to move forward under a realistic regulatory timeline and in a manner consistent with prior congressional ac-tions on similar projects. By passing this measure and extending the commencement of construction deadline for the Enloe Dam Hy-droelectric Project, Congress can help spur hydropower development in Central Wash-ington and ensure the Project’s many benefits are realized. For these reasons I urge my col-leagues to support this commonsense legisla-tion, which will have a positive and lasting im-pact on the region’s energy supply and eco-nomic viability. 
f 
RECOGNIZING RABBI MICHAEL C. SIMON 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the outstanding con-tributions of Rabbi Michael C. Simon to the Jewish community and the South Florida com-munity at large. For thirteen years, Temple Beth Kodesh in Boynton Beach, Florida has been blessed by Rabbi Simon’s wisdom and leadership. Thir-teen is a spiritually meaningful number in Ju-daism, repeated numerous times throughout the Torah, oral law, and liturgy. I would like to join the congregation in celebrating Rabbi Si-mon’s milestone. In addition to his leadership of the con-gregation, Rabbi Simon is the author of a book that focuses on Jewish life from a variety of different perspectives, and is an Adjunct Professor of Rabbinics at Gratz College and an Adjunct Professor of Jewish History at Flor-ida Atlantic University. I congratulate Rabbi Simon and his family for their exemplary service to the Jewish com-munity in South Florida, and wish them many years of health and happiness. RECOGNIZING GLAD TIDINGS CHURCH AND BISHOP JERRY WAYNE MACKLIN ON THEIR FIVE POINT CELEBRATION HON. ERIC SWALWELL 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Glad Tidings Church of God in Christ on its ‘‘Five Point Celebration’’ and the congregation’s continued service to our community. Glad Tidings Church, celebrating its 39th anniversary, has been an anchor for the peo-ple of South Hayward, California since its es-tablishment in 1978. Founder Bishop Jerry Wayne Macklin has worked tirelessly with local schools, government agencies, and non-profit organizations to transform a neighbor-hood once overrun by drugs and crime into a community of faith and opportunity. The efforts of Bishop Macklin and his con-gregation are to be honored at their upcoming ‘‘Five Point Celebration’’. The four-day event will celebrate the Church’s 39th anniversary, the making of the final payment on the prop-erty’s mortgage agreement, the groundbreaking of the Chester McGlockton Wellness and Family Life Center, the Inau-gural Episcopal Elevation of Bishop Macklin as 2nd Assistant Presiding Bishop of Church of God and Christ, and last, but not least, the 65th birthday of Bishop Macklin. Today, under Bishop Macklin’s compas-sionate leadership, Glad Tidings Church has helped change perspectives on what a place of worship can offer its community. Bishop Macklin has sought to provide accessible healthcare through its Health and Wellness Department, organized food drives for our vul-nerable citizens, and secured affordable hous-ing for those most in need. These and countless other examples are what make Glad Tidings Church of God in Christ a pillar of our community and worthy of our recognition today. I want to thank Bishop Macklin and Glad Tidings devoted congrega-tion for the positive impact their services have created in our community, and I offer my heartfelt congratulations during this time of celebration. 
f 
PATIENCE ADAMS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Patience Adams for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Patience Adams is a student at Drake Mid-dle School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Patience Adams is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Pa-tience Adams for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. f 
HONORING JOAN CLAYBROOK ON HER 80TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. JAMES P. McGOVERN 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my good friend, Joan Claybrook, on her 80th birthday on June 12th. Joan has dedicated her life to improving the health and safety of all Americans. She served as president of Public Citizen from 1982 until 2009, where she led efforts to make our roads safer, protects our civil rights and liberties, and reform our campaign finance system. During the Carter Administration, she was appointed Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. Joan is the recipient of numerous distinguished service awards for her tireless commitment to consumer advocacy. Today, Joan continues to serve on the boards of Public Citizen; Georgetown Univer-sity Law Center; Citizens for Tax Justice; Pub-lic Justice; Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety; and Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways. She frequently writes articles pub-lished in the nation’s major newspapers and has appeared on all major networks and hun-dreds of local and syndicated radio programs. I’ve had the privilege of knowing Joan for many years and I can’t think of a more dedi-cated, more passionate public servant. I con-tinue to be amazed by her energy and grit. I have no doubt that the lives of millions of Americans are better, and safer, because of Joan’s work. I’m proud to call her a friend and I wish her the happiest of birthdays. 
f 
HONORING MR. JOHN MILLINGTON 
HON. ELIZABETH H. ESTY 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and pay tribute to the life of my friend Mr. John Millington and to recog-nize his extraordinary contributions to our na-tion’s understanding of global affairs, and his public service to the State of Connecticut and the Town of Washington, Connecticut. John passed away on December 16, 2016 at the age of 90, after a long life of dedicated serv-ice. John was born in Gwynedd Valley, Pennsyl-vania and developed a love of nature early in his life. He began working in publishing and embarked on a diverse career connecting his interests in global affairs and journalism. John began his career with Time, Inc., and later moved to Bangkok, Thailand to manage the Bangkok World newspaper. With his experi-ence working in international journalism and publishing, John joined the Council on Foreign Relations to support the organization’s busi-ness development and membership growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.019 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE797 June 8, 2017 
In addition to his distinguished career in journalism and foreign affairs, John was a well-known and active member of his commu-nity in Washington. A lifelong advocate for conservation and environmental issues, John chaired Connecticut’s Council on Environ-mental Quality during Governor Weicker’s ad-ministration and was an instrumental cham-pion of the campaign to protect the Shepaug River. Locally, he served as a board member of the Washington Community Housing Trust. The Town of Washington recognized John’s tremendous contributions and passion for service in 2014 with the Stephen Reich award, the town’s highest honor for citizenship. Mr. Speaker, John Millington led a remark-able career and enthusiastically lent his talents to improve Washington, Connecticut, and our country. Therefore, it is fitting and proper that we honor his life and memory here today. John Millington was a friend and a mentor, and I miss his wise counsel. My condolences go out to his wife, Edwina, and to his children and grandchildren. Those of us who knew John will cherish his memory, and his legacy will live on in our community. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE YOUNG MEN’S AND YOUNG WOMEN’S HEBREW ASSOCIATION 
HON. ADRIANO ESPAILLAT 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Young Men’s & Young Women’s Hebrew Association (YM&YWHA)—colloquially known as the ‘‘Y’’—of Washington Heights and Inwood. On this agency’s centennial anni-versary, I want to highlight the indelible impact this institution has impressed upon our chil-dren and adults in our community of all back-grounds over several generations in New York’s 13th district. Since its founding in 1917 the mission of the ‘‘Y’’ has never wavered. The tradition of tikkun olam—literally ‘‘repairing the world’’—has been exemplified by the ‘‘Y’’ in its acts of kindness and community service. Staff and lifelong vol-unteers have always looked to their neighbors to evaluate the most pressing needs and find out the best way to serve the needs of the community. Over the last century, Washington Heights & Inwood has seen multiple changes to its composition and outward face. Each year, a group of Jewish and Dominican stu-dents work together to study the history of the Dominican Republic’s immigration policies prior to WWII, making the country one of a few safe harbors for Jews fortunate enough to escape Germany. What binds these diverse populations to New York’s 13th district is the ‘‘Y’’ embracing the mantle ofthe Mother of Exiles as Emma Lazarus wrote in The New Collossus. In its early years, the ‘‘Y’’ dealt with the aftermath of World War I and World War II resettling refu-gees from abroad here in our community. Dur-ing the 1970s, the ‘‘Y’’ aided Jewish refugees from Russia with the same urgency and com-passion afforded earlier in the century. This is emblematic of its mission to meet the needs of the time and people which has never wavered. Over the last 100 years that has included providing access to social services; offering English classes and citizenship tutoring; as-sisting those with mental health concerns; launching the first day camp for neighborhood children; developing a thriving nursery school; opening a center for new parents; building a 100-unit independent living facility for older adults and the mobility impaired and providing services to support older adults to age in place. Today, the ‘‘Y’’ has embraced the diverse and multicultural tableau of New York’s 13th district. All staff are trained in cultural diversity and services all offered in English, Spanish, and Russian. The commitment of the ‘‘Y’’ re-mains steadfast by expanding its after school program, senior center services, and estab-lishment of a new Camp Twelve Trails pro-gram. Over the last century, the ‘‘Y’’ has con-tinued to innovate and serve the needs of New York’s 13th district. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to celebrate and commemorate the centennial anniversary of the YM&YWHA of Washington Heights and Inwood. I sincerely hope that all Members of Congress will have the benefit of such an in-stitution to one day laud and commemorate 100 years of service as I do today. f 
REINA GUTIERREZ 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Reina Gutier-rez for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Reina Gutierrez is a student at Mandalay Middle School and received this award be-cause her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Reina Gutierrez is exemplary of the type of achieve-ment that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their edu-cation and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Reina Gutierrez for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
f 
FORT BEND SOFTBALL TEAM WINS STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Fort Bend Christian Academy (FBCA) softball team of Sugar Land for win-ning the Texas Association of Private and Pa-rochial Schools (TAPPS) State Championship. The FBCA softball team beat Dallas Chris-tian 6–2 in the Division II final, concluding an incredible 24–8 season. Their season included an undefeated District 7 championship, along with complete domination in their four playoff games, outscoring opponents 37–2. The FBCA softball team isn’t a stranger to winning though. Over the past 11 years, the FBCA softball team has won six TAPPS State Cham-pionships, including last year’s 2016 title. That’s great. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to the FBCA softball team for winning (again) the TAPPS State Championship. We are so proud of all their hard work and look forward to next year’s state championship. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LEE M. ZELDIN 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday evening June 6 I was not present for votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 287, and YEA on Roll Call No. 286. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CON-GREGATIONAL CHURCH OF SOUTH DENNIS 
HON. WILLIAM R. KEATING 
OF MASSACHUSETTS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 200th Anniversary of the Con-gregational Church of South Dennis in Massa-chusetts. Founded in 1817 by a collection of sea cap-tains, the Congregational Church of South Dennis today remains widely renowned as the Sea Captains’ Church. Prior to its foundation, since 1795, a house of worship was built at the very location upon which the current build-ing stands. From 1795 to 1817 the people of South Dennis shared ministers with North Dennis and Harwich. In 1817, the church re-ceived its first full-time minister, Reverend John Sanford, and was formally organized into the Congregational Church of South Dennis. Construction of the current building used by the church was completed in 1837. The Congregational Church is further recog-nized for its unique feature—the oldest work-ing organ in the United States. Built in 1762 by Swiss organ builder John Snetzler in Lon-don, England, very little is known regarding its journey to the United States. Historians con-firm that it was acquired by the Congregational Church of South Dennis on September 22, 1854 for $600—where it has remained for over 160 years and delights and moves lis-teners through its chords and music every Sunday. Today, the Congregational Church is made up of an intimate, dedicated community of lov-ing, caring, and welcoming neighbors. Part of the United Church of Christ, the church is led by Rev. Dr. Paul R Adkins. To celebrate this momentous occasion, the Congregational Church has organized a concert and guided tours of the meetinghouse and cemetery, which will showcase the church’s fascinating history and ties to seafaring. Mr. Speaker, the 200th Anniversary of the Congregational Church of South Dennis is tes-tament to the culture of acceptance and grace 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.023 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE798 June 8, 2017 
exhibited by this community. I ask that you join me in recognizing this historic anniversary. 
f 
HONORING TYLER HORTON AS HE RECEIVES THE YOUTH AWARD FROM THE BUFFALO BRANCH OF THE NAACP 
HON. BRIAN HIGGINS 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the accomplishments of this year’s recipient of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Buf-falo Branch Youth Award, Tyler Horton. Tyler was born and raised in Buffalo, and has always been a contributor to his commu-nity. At an early age Tyler displayed signs of leadership by becoming the Vice President of the National Junior Honors Society while at-tending Westminster Community Charter School, where he achieved the title of Valedic-torian. At the age of 12 he became a Boy Scout, and later, an Assistant Scoutmaster for Troop 237, where he earned many merit awards and badges. The lessons Tyler learned in his Boy Scouts troops truly molded him into an outstanding citizen. In 2012 he was a Chaplain and Assist-ant Patrol Leader at the Philmont Scout Ranch in New Mexico, where he was able to share his Scout experience, serving as a mentor to other young men. In 2016 Tyler supervised and assisted renovations of the Macedonia Baptist Church’s food pantry. Through his ex-ample of volunteerism and leadership, Tyler eventually became an Eagle Scout and a Member of the Order of the Arrow. Tyler now attends Bethesda World Harvest International Church and contributes to the youth group and Cinematography Team. This year, Tyler is graduating from Health Science Charter School, where he is the Salu-tatorian, a member of the National Honors So-ciety, a winner of the Jesse Ketchum Memo-rial Fund Bronze winner, and a Student Am-bassador. Mr. Speaker, I thank you for allowing me a few moments to honor this impressive young man as he is recognized by the NAACP. I wish him the best in all his future endeavors and look forward to seeing him continue to do good for others. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JONATHAN ALLEN’S FIRST ROUND SELEC-TION BY THE WASHINGTON RED-SKINS IN THE 2017 NFL DRAFT 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate Mr. Jonathan Allen, who was recently drafted in the first round of the 2017 National Football League draft by his hometown team, the Washington Redskins. Mr. Allen is from Leesburg, Virginia and played football at Stone Bridge High School in Ashburn, Virginia. Under the leadership of his coach and mentor, Mickey Thompson, the team finished with winning seasons each year he was there, and after graduating in 2013, Mr. Allen attended the University of Alabama as a five-star recruit, where he was named to the first team All-Southeastern Conference during his sophomore, junior, and senior years. Additionally in 2016, as a junior, he was instrumental in Alabama’s National Champion-ship, in which they defeated the Clemson Ti-gers. Mr. Allen has also won a number of indi-vidual accolades, including being named the Washington Post All-Met Player twice in high school, being selected as the 2012 Virginia Gatorade Player of the Year, and lastly being recognized as a 2013 U.S. Army All-American. At the University of Alabama Mr. Allen’s foot-ball career blossomed. He was named the 2016 SEC Defensive Player of the Year and was also the recipient of the Bronko Nagurski Trophy and the Chuck Bednarik Award, which are given to the best defensive player in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). With Mr. Allen signing a four year contract with the Redskins, he is truly returning home. The team’s practice facility is located in Ashburn, Virginia, and Mr. Allen is especially ready to give back to his community through the local mentorship of Coach Thompson’s Bulldogs at Stone Bridge High School. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mr. Jonathan Allen on becoming a Washington Redskins player. I commend him for his impressive accomplish-ments, and I am proud to represent him and wish him all the best in his NFL career. f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE OF FALL-EN MISSISSIPPI SOLDIER ARMY SERGEANT FIRST CLASS (SFC) CLARENCE DOUGLAS M
CSWAIN 
HON. TRENT KELLY 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. KELLY of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in memory of Army Sergeant First Class (SFC) Clarence Douglas McSwain who paid the ultimate sacrifice while defending our great nation on June 8, 2006, during Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom. SFC McSwain died from injuries he sustained when an improvised ex-plosive device detonated near his military ve-hicle during combat operations in Baghdad. SFC McSwain, of Meridian, was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 502nd Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 101st Airborne Di-vision (Air Assault), Fort Campbell, Kentucky. SFC McSwain was a proud soldier on his third tour in Iraq when he was killed. He met his 4-month-old son, Kenneth, only once. SFC McSwain’s Sister, Ashley McSwain, said her brother put his family first. She said it was bad that the world had to lose him because he was one of the good guys. SFC McSwain’s father, Reverend Theodis McSwain, recently reflected on his son’s serv-ice. ‘‘I was very proud of him,’’ Rev. McSwain said. ‘‘He wanted to serve his country.’’ SFC McSwain, a 1993 Meridian High School graduate, played high school football and graduated with honors. After high school, he attended the University of Southern Mis-sissippi according to the Associated Press arti-cle. ‘‘I was a medic that worked with him in his first two rotations and I just found out about his death,’’ Troy Criddle said. ‘‘I am hurt by his passing. He was a great soldier and will al-ways be a paratrooper.’’ ‘‘Clarence and I had the opportunity of spending a lot of time together in the 1st PLT Company C 2nd Battalion 237th,’’ Staff Ser-geant (SSG) Shannon Corbin said. ‘‘I believe that he was a shaping catalyst in me both pro-fessionally and personally.’’ SFC McSwain is survived by his father and mother; Theodis and Sandra Lee McSwain; wife, Kendrah; children; Jasmin, Krista and Kenneth McSwain; and siblings; David, Ash-ley, Kimberly, and Christopher McSwain. SFC McSwain proudly served our nation to protect the freedoms we all enjoy. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF NANCY KATZ AND MARGO DICHTELMILLER FOR THEIR LIFETIME OF ADVO-CACY FOR LGBT RIGHTS 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Nancy Katz and Margo Dichtelmiller for being recognized by tbe American Civil Liberties Union’s LGBT Project for their advo-cacy and efforts on behalf of LGBT rights. Ms. Katz and Dr. Dichtelmiller have played an im-portant role in supporting the LGBT commu-nity through their engagement at the state and local level. In a committed relationship for over 30 years, Ms. Katz and Dr. Dichtelmiller have been consistent champions for LGBT rights and have played a crucial role in achieving victories at the state and local level. Both have been strong supporters of Affirmations, the LGBT community center in Ferndale, Michi-gan, that offers services and support to indi-viduals throughout southeast Michigan, having served as co-chairs for its capital campaign to raise funds for a new facility. Additionally, Ms. Katz and Dr. Dichtelmiller have worked with nonprofits and advocacy groups to improve protections for same-sex couples and ensure that they receive the benefits and protections that they deserve. They are well-known in the Michigan civil rights community for their com-mitment to justice and long record of leader-ship on these issues. Ms. Katz and Dr. Dichtelmiller have been at the forefront of the battle for LGBT rights throughout their lives, and their work has helped pave the way for progress at the fed-eral, state and local level in providing equal rights for all. The past decade has seen dra-matic progress in strengthening LGBT rights and protections, as well as a transformation in attitudes among the wider public, and this progress would not have been possible with-out Ms. Katz and Dr. Dichtelmiller’s tireless activism and support of local organizations committed to this cause. Their visionary efforts have helped break down barriers and improve the lives of LGBT Americans, and the signifi-cant accomplishments underscore the impact of their actions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.027 E08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE799 June 8, 2017 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Nancy Katz and Margo Dichtelmiller for their leadership in promoting LGBT rights. Their actions have set the stage for key victories for LGBT Americans. 
f 
REMA-ELENA THOMAS 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Rema-Elena Thomas for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Rema-Elena Thomas is a student at Arvada High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Rema- Elena Thomas is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perseverance. It is essential stu-dents at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Rema-Elena Thomas for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedication and character in all of her fu-ture accomplishments. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF JOHN T. KNOX 
HON. MARK DeSAULNIER 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. D
ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of a former Contra Costa Assemblyman, Mr. John Knox. Mr. Knox spent 20 years in the Assembly, representing western Contra Costa County. Besides the state’s environmental law, he sponsored laws creating the San Francisco Bay Conservation and Development Commis-sion, which was signed by Governor Reagan and thwarted plans to fill in parts of the bay; authorizing state regulation of health mainte-nance organizations, rewriting standards for sales of stock and other corporate securities in California, and establishing regional planning agencies. Even after he retired from the Legislature and joined a law firm, he was often brought back to preside as the house parliamentarian. A section of Interstate 580 leading to the Rich-mond-San Rafael Bridge is named the John T. Knox Freeway because of his success in ob-taining funding to rebuild a dangerous, undi-vided highway. After his time in the Assembly, Mr. Knox was always willing to sit down and discuss issues, whether that be in classrooms or sim-ply over lunch with colleagues and peers. He was always willing to lend his knowledge and experience to the betterment of the Contra Costa community. John was an inspiration and a friend, and will be greatly missed by not only myself, but the entire Contra Costa community. f 
RECOGNIZING SHERIFF JIM PADILLA ON HIS RETIREMENT 
HON. CHERI BUSTOS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheriff Jim Padilla, who retired as the Henry County Sheriff on May 28. Sheriff Padilla has honorably served Henry County over the past 41 years and he will be greatly missed. Sheriff Padilla began a lifelong career in public service as a member of the Kewanee Police Department for 8 years, and later served 33 years with the Sheriff’s Department. He has dedicated his career ensuring public safety and protecting the lives of all individuals within our community. Sheriff Padilla always exemplified what it meant to be a strong lead-er and worked tirelessly to pass the public safety sales tax, which provided the depart-ment with the resources it needed to better serve our community. I am proud to have such dedicated civil servants in our Illinois’ 17th Congressional district. Mr. Speaker, as the wife of a Sheriff, I know how hard law-enforcement officers work to keep our communities safe. I would like to again formally congratulate Sheriff Padilla on his well-earned retirement and thank him for all of his contributions and service to our com-munity. 
f 
RICHLAND COUNTY MIDDLE SCHOOL 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Richland County Middle School in Olney, Illinois, for their recognition by the National Association of Music Merchants. It is a great honor to be seen as one of the Best Communities for Music Education in the United States. With help from director Eric Combs, the middle school’s music program has shown commitment and support of the arts throughout the school and the community. The music program allows students to express themselves and grow as a person. I applaud Mr. Combs and all of the partici-pating students for their dedication to this pro-gram and for their hard work. I ask that we all congratulate Director Eric Combs and the stu-dents at Richland County Middle School for their Best Communities for Music Education Award. f 
SUGAR LAND, TX WINS BEST CITY 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Sugar Land for being awarded the ‘‘best city’’ by the Texas Travel Coun-selors. Tourism and travel professionals recognized Sugar Land with this prestigious award after action-packed visits to Sugar Land’s historic locations. These visits included the Houston Museum of Natural Science, the Fort Bend Children’s Discovery Center, Constellation Field and a behind-the-scenes tour of the Smart Financial Centre. The Texas Travel Counselors agreed that my hometown of Sugar Land offers an impressive mixture of old and new. On behalf of the Twenty-Second Congres-sional District of Texas, congratulations again to Sugar Land for being awarded the ‘‘best city’’ by the Texas Travel Counselors. We’re proud to have such an exemplary city rep-resent TX–22. 
f 
ROSE MERRILL 
HON. ED PERLMUTTER 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Thursday, June 8, 2017 Mr. PERLMUTTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and applaud Rose Merrill for receiving the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. Rose Merrill is a student at Wheat Ridge High School and received this award because her determination and hard work have allowed her to overcome adversities. The dedication demonstrated by Rose Mer-rill is exemplary of the type of achievement that can be attained with hard work and perse-verance. It is essential students at all levels strive to make the most of their education and develop a work ethic which will guide them for the rest of their lives. I extend my deepest congratulations to Rose Merrill for winning the Arvada Wheat Ridge Service Ambassadors for Youth award. I have no doubt she will exhibit the same dedi-cation and character in all of her future ac-complishments. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:38 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A08JN8.030 E08JNPT1
D625 Thursday, June 8, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3345–S3380 Measures Introduced: Eighteen bills and three res-olutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1315–1332, S.J. Res. 45, and S. Res. 188–189.
          Pages S3362–63 
Measures Reported: S. 1141, to ensure that the United States pro-motes the meaningful participation of women in me-diation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict. (S. Rept. No. 115–93 S. 117, to designate a mountain peak in the State of Montana as ‘‘Alex Diekmann Peak’’, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–94) S. 167, to designate a National Memorial to Fall-en Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–95) S. 199, to authorize the use of the active capacity of the Fontenelle Reservoir. (S. Rept. No. 115–96) S. 216, to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bu-reau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure as-sets. (S. Rept. No. 115–97) S. 267, to provide for the correction of a survey of certain land in the State of Alaska. (S. Rept. No. 115–98) S. 363, to revise the authorized route of the North Country National Scenic Trail in northeastern Min-nesota and to extend the trail into Vermont to con-nect with the Appalachian National Scenic Trail. (S. Rept. No. 115–99) S. 490, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving the Gibson Dam, with an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–100) S. 491, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Clark Canyon Dam, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–101) S. 703, to extend the authority of the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the Equus Beds Division of the Wichita Project. (S. Rept. No. 115–102) S. 710, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–103) S. 534, to prevent the sexual abuse of minors and amateur athletes by requiring the prompt reporting of sexual abuse to law enforcement authorities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program. Measures Passed: Condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon: Senate passed S.J. Res. 45, condemning the deadly attack on May 26, 2017, in Portland, Oregon, expressing deepest condolences to the families and friends of the victims, and sup-porting efforts to overcome hatred, bigotry, and vio-lence.
                                                                        Pages S3372–73 
Commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Division: Committee on Armed Serv-ices was discharged from further consideration of S. Res. 115, commemorating the 100th anniversary of the 1st Infantry Division, and the resolution was then agreed to, after agreeing to the following amendments proposed thereto:
                   Pages S3373–75 
McConnell (for Moran/Roberts) Amendment No. 227, in the nature of a substitute.
            Pages S3373–75 
McConnell (for Moran/Roberts) Amendment No. 228, in the nature of a substitute.
            Pages S3373–75 
Condemning Recent Terrorist Attacks: Senate agreed to S. Res. 188, condemning the recent ter-rorist attacks in the United Kingdom, the Phil-ippines, Indonesia, Egypt, Iraq, Australia, and Iran and offering thoughts and prayers and sincere condo-lences to all of the victims, their families, and the people of their countries.
                                       Page S3375 
Hemp History Week: Senate agreed to S. Res. 189, designating the week of June 5 through June 11, 2017, as ‘‘Hemp History Week’’.
             Page S3375 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD626 June 8, 2017 
WILD Act: Senate passed S. 826, to reauthorize the Partners for Fish and Wildlife Program and cer-tain wildlife conservation funds, to establish prize competitions relating to the prevention of wildlife poaching and trafficking, wildlife conservation, the management of invasive species, and the protection of endangered species, after agreeing to the com-mittee amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
                                                                                    Pages S3375–80 
Measures Considered: Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act— Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, to im-pose sanctions with respect to Iran in relation to Iran’s ballistic missile program, support for acts of international terrorism, and violations of human rights, post-cloture.
                       Pages S3347–49, S3349–58 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that following disposition of the nomination of Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, to be an Assist-ant Secretary of Defense, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, with all post-cloture time considered expired. 
                                                                                            Page S3353 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding that at approximately 4 p.m., on Monday, June 12, 2017, Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post- cloture.
                                                                            Page S3380 
Rapuano Nomination—Agreement: A unanimous- consent-time agreement was reached providing that at 5 p.m., on Monday, June 12, 2017, Senate begin consideration of the nomination of Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of Defense; and that there be 30 minutes of debate on the nomination, equally divided in the usual form, and that following the use or yielding back of time, Senate vote on confirmation of the nomination, with no intervening action or debate.
                        Page S3353 
Pekoske Nomination Referral—Agreement: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that upon the reporting of the nomination of David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, by the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation, the nomination be referred to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs for a period not to exceed 30 calendar days, except that if the 30 days lapses while the Senate is in recess, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs shall have an additional 5 session days after the Senate re-convenes to report the nomination, after which the nomination, if still in committee, be discharged and placed on the Executive Calendar.
                    Page S3358 Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: By 94 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. EX. 141), Scott P. Brown, of New Hampshire, to be Ambassador to New Zealand, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Inde-pendent State of Samoa.
                          Pages S3349, S3380 
Routine lists in the Foreign Service. 
                                                                            Pages S3358, S3380 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3360 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3360 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S3360–61 
Petitions and Memorials:                            Pages S3361–62 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3362 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3363–64 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3364–66 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3358–60 
Amendments Submitted:                           Pages S3366–72 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3372 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S3372 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—141)
                                                                Page S3349 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 9:30 a.m. and adjourned at 5:43 p.m., until 4 p.m. on Monday, June 12, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S3380.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies con-cluded a hearing to examine proposed budget esti-mates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Commerce, after receiving testimony from Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce. FOSTERING ECONOMIC GROWTH Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine fostering economic growth, focusing on the role of financial institutions in local communities, including S. 366, to require the Federal financial institutions regu-latory agencies to take risk profiles and business models of institutions into account when taking reg-ulatory actions, S. 1002, to enhance the ability of community financial institutions to foster economic 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D627 June 8, 2017 
growth and serve their communities, boost small businesses, increase individual savings, S. 1152, to create protections for depository institutions that provide financial services to cannabis-related busi-nesses, and S. 1310, to amend the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975 to specify which depository institutions are subject to the maintenance of records and disclosure requirements of such Act, after receiv-ing testimony from Dorothy A. Savarese, American Bankers Association, Cape Cod, Massachusetts; Steve Grooms, 1st Liberty Federal Credit Union, Great Falls, Montana, on behalf of the National Association of Federally-Insured Credit Unions; R. Scott Heitkamp, Value Bank, Corpus Christi, Texas, on behalf of the Independent Community Bankers of America; Dallas Bergl, Inova Federal Credit Union, Elkhart, Indiana, on behalf of the Credit Union Na-tional Association; John Bissell, Greylock Federal Credit Union, Pittsfield, Massachusetts; and Adam J. Levitin, Georgetown University Law Center, Som-erset, Massachusetts. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, David J. Redl, of New York, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce for Communications and Information, and Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, after the nominees, who were all introduced by Senator Gardner, testified and answered questions in their own behalf. EMERGING ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Committee concluded a hearing to examine cost reductions in emerging energy technologies with a specific focus on how recent trends may affect today’s energy land-scape, after receiving testimony from Lily Donge, Rocky Mountain Institute Business Renewables Cen-ter, and Kevin Yates, Siemens Energy Management Division, both of Washington, D.C.; Greg Merritt, Cree, Inc., Durham, North Carolina; David Greeson, NRG Energy, Houston, Texas; Steve Simonton, Cimarex Energy Co., Tulsa, Oklahoma; and Russell Vare, Mercedes-Benz Energy Americas, LLC, Sunny-vale, California. DEPARTMENT OF HHS BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Health and Human Services, after receiving testimony from Thomas Price, Secretary of Health and Human Serv-ices. ISIS’S GLOBAL REACH Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine ISIS’s global reach beyond Iraq and Syria, after receiving testimony from Lorenzo Vidino, The George Washington University Pro-gram on Extremism, and Daniel Byman, George-town University Edmund A. Walsh School of For-eign Service, both of Washington, D.C. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on the Judiciary: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 782, to reauthorize the National Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force Program; and The nominations of Noel J. Francisco, of the Dis-trict of Columbia, to be Solicitor General of the United States, and Makan Delrahim, of California, and Steven Andrew Engel, of the District of Colum-bia, each to be an Assistant Attorney General, all of the Department of Justice. FBI INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine certain intelligence matters relat-ing to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, after re-ceiving testimony from James B. Comey, former Di-rector, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Department of Justice. INTELLIGENCE Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee held closed hearings on intelligence matters, receiving testimony from officials of the intelligence community. Committee recessed subject to the call. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD628 June 8, 2017 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 46 pub-lic bills, H.R. 2823–2868; and 1 private bill, H.R. 2869, were introduced.
                     Pages H4816–18, H4819 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H4820–21 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Duncan (SC) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                          Page H4705 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:56 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H4711 
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
                Pages H4711, H4802 
Financial CHOICE Act of 2017: The House passed H.R. 10, to create hope and opportunity for inves-tors, consumers, and entrepreneurs by ending bail-outs and Too Big to Fail, holding Washington and Wall Street accountable, eliminating red tape to in-crease access to capital and credit, and repealing the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that make Amer-ica less prosperous, less stable, and less free, by a yea-and-nay vote of 233 yeas to 186 nays, Roll No. 299.
                                                                    Pages H4716–H4802 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–163 shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the five-minute rule, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Fi-nancial Services now printed in the bill.
       Page H4731 
Agreed to: Smucker amendment (No. 3 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–163) that expresses the sense of Con-gress that consumer reporting agencies and their subsidiaries should implement stronger multi-factor authentication procedures when providing access to personal information files to moreadequately protect consumer information from identity theft; 
                                                                                    Pages H4793–94 
McSally amendment (No. 5 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–163) that requires the Department of Treasury to submit a report to Congress regarding its efforts to work with Federal bank regulators, fi-nancial institutions, and money service businesses to ensure that legitimate financial transactions along the southern border move freely;
               Pages H4796–97 
Hensarling amendment (No. 1 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–163) that revises provisions sub-jecting certain FDIC and NCUA functions to con-gressional appropriations, relating to appointments of positions created by the Act, and providing con-gressional access to non-publicFSOC information (by a recorded vote of 232 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 295);                                                           Pages H4789–91, H4799 
Hollingsworth amendment (No. 2 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–163) that allows closed-end funds that are listed on a national securities ex-change, and that meet certain requirements to be considered ‘‘well-known seasoned issuers’’ or ‘‘WKSIs’’ (by a recorded vote of 231 ayes to 180 noes, Roll No. 296);
              Pages H4791–93, H4799–H4800 
Faso amendment (No. 4 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–163) that allows Mutual Holding Compa-nies (MHCs) to waive the receipt of dividends (by a recorded vote of 235 ayes to 184 noes, Roll No. 297); and
                                            Pages H4794–96, H4800–01 
Buck amendment (No. 6 printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–163) that requires the GSA to study CLEA’s real estate needs due to changes in the Agency’s structure. It then authorizes the GSA to sell the current CLEA building if CLEA’s real estate needs have changed and there is no government de-partment or agency that can utilize the building (by a recorded vote of 233 ayes to 185 noes, Roll No. 298).
                                                           Pages H4797–99, H4801 
H. Res. 375, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) was agreed to yesterday, June 7th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, June 12th for Morning Hour debate.
                                                                             Page H4802 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H4716. Quorum Calls—Votes: One yea-and-nay vote and four recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H4799, H4799–H4800, H4800–01, H4801, and H4801–02. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:48 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE NEXT FARM BILL: SNAP TECHNOLOGY AND MODERNIZATION Committee on Agriculture: Subcommittee on Nutrition held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Next Farm Bill: SNAP Technology and Modernization’’. Testimony was heard from Vickie Yates Brown Glisson, Secretary, Kentucky Cabinet for Health and Family Services; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D629 June 8, 2017 
Lauren Aaronson, Assistant Deputy Commissioner, Office of Business Process Innovation, New York City Human Resources Administration; and public witnesses. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Inte-rior, Environment and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Department of the Interior. Testimony was heard from the following Department of the Interior officials: Ryan Zinke, Secretary; Olivia Ferriter, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Budget, Fi-nance, Performance, and Acquisition; and Denise Flanagan, Director, Office of Budget. APPROPRIATIONS—COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Testimony was heard from J. Christopher Giancarlo, Acting Chairman, Commodity Futures Trading Commission. APPROPRIATIONS—DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Trans-portation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the De-partment of Housing and Urban Development. Tes-timony was heard from Ben Carson, Secretary, De-partment of Housing and Urban Development. APPROPRIATIONS—NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science and Related Agencies held a budget hearing on the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. Testimony was heard from Robert M. Lightfoot, Jr., Acting Administrator, Na-tional Aeronautics and Space Administration. DISRUPTER SERIES: IMPROVING CONSUMER’S FINANCIAL OPTIONS WITH FINTECH Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Disrupter Series: Improving Con-sumer’s Financial Options with FinTech’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE ROLE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES IN HEALTH CARE CYBERSECURITY Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Role of the Department of Health and Human Services in Health Care Cybersecurity’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Health and Human Services officials: Emery Csulak, Chief Information Security Officer, Senior Privacy Official, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, and Co-Chair, Health Care Industry Cyber-security Task Force; Stephen Curren, Director, Divi-sion of Resilience, Office of Emergency Management, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response; and Leo Scanlon, Deputy Chief Informa-tion Security Officer. VIRTUAL CURRENCY: FINANCIAL INNOVATION AND NATIONAL SECURITY IMPLICATIONS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Ter-rorism and Illicit Finance held a hearing entitled ‘‘Virtual Currency: Financial Innovation and Na-tional Security Implications’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ATTACKING HEZBOLLAH’S FINANCIAL NETWORK: POLICY OPTIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Attacking Hezbollah’s Financial Network: Policy Options’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. HOW CAN THE UNITED STATES SECRET SERVICE EVOLVE TO MEET THE CHALLENGES AHEAD? Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘How Can the United States Secret Service Evolve to Meet the Challenges Ahead?’’. Tes-timony was heard from Randolph Alles, Director, Secret Service, Department of Homeland Security; and John Roth, Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security. OVERSIGHT OF THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS’ INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Library of Congress’ Information Technology Management’’. Testimony was heard from the following Library of Congress officials: Carla D. Hayden, Librarian of Congress; Bernard A. Barton, Jr., Chief Information Officer; and Kurt W. Hyde, Inspector General. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD630 June 8, 2017 
OVERSIGHT OF DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE GRANT PROGRAMS Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Department of Justice Grant Programs’’. Testimony was heard from Alan Hanson, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Office of Justice Programs, Department of Justice. A TIME TO REFORM: OVERSIGHT OF THE ACTIVITIES OF THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT’S CIVIL, TAX AND ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES DIVISIONS AND THE U.S. TRUSTEE PROGRAM Committee on the Judiciary: Subcommittee on Regu-latory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law held a hearing entitled ‘‘A Time to Reform: Oversight of the Activities of the Justice Department’s Civil, Tax and Environment and Natural Resources Divisions and the U.S. Trustee Program’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Justice offi-cials: Chad Readler, Acting Assistant Attorney Gen-eral, Civil Division; Jeffery Wood, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Environment and Natural Re-sources Division; David Hubbert, Acting Assistant Attorney General, Tax Division; Clifford White III, Director, U.S. Trustee Program; and public wit-nesses. LEGISLATIVE MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing on H.R. 2083, the ‘‘Endangered Salmon and Fisheries Preda-tion Prevention Act’’; and legislation to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the transfer to non-Federal ownership of appropriate reclamation projects or facilities, and for other purposes. Testi-mony was heard from Representative Herrera- Beutler; James Hess, Chief of Staff, Bureau of Rec-lamation; and public witnesses. BURDENSOME LITIGATION AND FEDERAL BUREAUCRATIC ROADBLOCKS TO MANAGE OUR NATION’S OVERGROWN, FIRE-PRONE NATIONAL FORESTS Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Fed-eral Lands held a hearing entitled ‘‘Burdensome Liti-gation and Federal Bureaucratic Roadblocks to Man-age our Nation’s Overgrown, Fire-Prone National Forests’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. AN OVERVIEW OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION BUDGET FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Space held a hearing entitled ‘‘An Overview of the National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration Budget for Fiscal Year 2018’’. Testi-mony was heard from Robert M. Lightfoot, Acting Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Ad-ministration. AMERICAN SPACE COMMERCE FREE ENTERPRISE ACT OF 2017 Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Com-mittee held a markup on H.R. 2809, the ‘‘American Space Commerce Free Enterprise Act of 2017’’. H.R. 2809, was ordered reported, as amended. BUILDING A 21ST CENTURY INFRASTRUCTURE FOR AMERICA: FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION AUTHORIZATION Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Federal Aviation Administration Authorization’’. Testimony was heard from Elaine Chao, Secretary, Department of Trans-portation. VA AND ACADEMIC AFFILIATES: WHO’S BENEFITING NOW? Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘VA and Academic Affiliates: Who’s Benefiting Now?’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Clancy, M.D., Deputy Under Secretary for Health for Organization Excellence, Veterans Health Administration, Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs; and public witnesses. IMPROVING THE QUALITY AND TIMELINESS OF GI BILL PROCESSING FOR STUDENT VETERANS Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Subcommittee on Eco-nomic Opportunity held a hearing entitled ‘‘Improv-ing the Quality and Timeliness of GI Bill Processing for Student Veterans’’. Testimony was heard from Robert M. Worley II, Director, Education Service, Veterans Benefit Administration, Department of Veterans Affairs; Lernes J. Herbert, Acting Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Military Personnel Policy, Department of Defense; and public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D631 June 8, 2017 
DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES’ FISCAL YEAR 2018 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services’ Fiscal Year 2018 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from Thomas E. Price, M.D., Secretary, Department of Health and Human Serv-ices. 
Joint Meetings 
OPIOID CRISIS ECONOMIC ASPECTS Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine economic aspects of the opioid crisis, after receiving testimony from former Senator Mike DeWine, Ohio Attorney General, Columbus; Lisa N. Sacco, Congressional Research Service, Li-brary of Congress; Angus Deaton, Princeton Univer-sity Woodrow Wilson School of Public and Inter-national Affairs and the Economics Department, Princeton, New Jersey; and Richard G. Frank, Har-vard Medical School Department of Health Care Pol-icy, Boston, Massachusetts. f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, JUNE 12, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: business meeting to consider the nomination of Brock Long, of North Carolina, to be Administrator of the Fed-eral Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security, 5:30 p.m., S–216, Capitol. 
House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD632 June 8, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 4 p.m., Monday, June 12 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, post-clo-ture. At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nom-ination of Kenneth P. Rapuano, of Virginia, to be an As-sistant Secretary of Defense, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at approximately 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of the nomination of Kenneth P. Rapuano, Senate will continue consideration of the mo-tion to proceed to consideration of S. 722, Countering Iran’s Destabilizing Activities Act, with all post-cloture time being expired. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Monday, June 12 
House Chamber 
Program for Monday: To be announced. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Babin, Brian, Tex., E790 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E791, E795, E799 Comstock, Barbara, Va., E798 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E794 DeSaulnier, Mark, Calif., E791, E799 Deutch, Theodore E., Fla., E794 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E791, E798 Ellison, Keith, Minn., E788 Espaillat, Adriano, N.Y., E797 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E792, E796 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E796 Garamendi, John, Calif., E792 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E788 Gosar, Paul, Ariz., E790 Hensarling, Jeb, Tex., E787, E789 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E789, E790, E791, E793, E795, E798 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E787 Keating, William R., Mass., E792, E797 Kelly, Trent, Miss., E792, E798 McGovern, James P., Mass., E796 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E795 Olson, Pete, Tex., E790, E793, E795, E797, E799 Perlmutter, Ed, Colo., E787, E788, E791, E793, E794, E795, E796, E797, E799, E799 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E788 Shimkus, John, Ill., E790, E795, E799 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E788 Slaughter, Louise McIntosh, N.Y., E787 Swalwell, Eric, Calif., E796 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E794 Thornberry, Mac, Tex., E789 Turner, Michael R., Ohio, E794 Walden, Greg, Ore., E793 Zeldin, Lee M., N.Y., E797 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:13 Jun 09, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D08JN7.REC D08JNPT1
D716 Wednesday, June 28, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S3807–S3836 Measures Introduced: Twenty-two bills and six resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 1450–1471, and S. Res. 204–209.
           Pages S3829–30 
Measures Reported: S. 577, to require each agency, in providing notice of a rule making, to include a link to a 100 word plain language summary of the proposed rule, with an amendment. (S. Rept. No. 115–120) S. 579, to require agencies to publish an advance notice of proposed rule making for major rules, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–121) S. 381, to repeal the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to con-fer jurisdiction on the State of Iowa over offenses committed by or against Indians on the Sac and Fox Indian Reservation’’. (S. Rept. No. 115–122) S. 691, to extend Federal recognition to the Chickahominy Indian Tribe, the Chickahominy In-dian Tribe-Eastern Division, the Upper Mattaponi Tribe, the Rappahannock Tribe, Inc., the Monacan Indian Nation, and the Nansemond Indian Tribe. (S. Rept. No. 115–123)
                                                Page S3829 
Appointments: Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice Presi-dent, pursuant to Section 1295b(h) of title 46 App., United States Code, appointed the following Senators to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy: Senators Thune (ex officio as Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science and Transpor-tation) and Fischer (Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation).
                                Page S3835 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: The Chair, on behalf of the Vice President, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 4355(a), appointed the following Sen-ator to the Board of Visitors of the U.S. Military Academy: Senator Moran (Designated by the Chair-man of the Committee on Armed Services). 
                                                                                            Page S3835 
Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Commission: The Chair, on behalf of the Majority Leader, pursu-ant to the provisions of Public Law 114–323, ap-pointed the following individual to serve as a mem-ber of the Western Hemisphere Drug Policy Com-mission: John Walters of the District of Columbia.                                                                                             Page S3835 
Rao Nomination—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of the nomination of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget.
                       Pages S3807–27 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the nomination at approximately 11 a.m., on Thursday, June 29, 2017, with the time until the vote on the motion to in-voke cloture on the nomination equally divided be-tween the two Leaders, or their designees. 
                                                                                    Pages S3835–36 
Nye Nomination—Cloture: Senate began consider-ation of the nomination of David C. Nye, of Idaho, to be United States District Judge for the District of Idaho.
                                                                 Pages S3827–28 
A motion was entered to close further debate on the nomination, and, in accordance with the provi-sions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of the nomination of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of In-formation and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Manage-ment and Budget.
                                                     Page S3828 
Prior to consideration of this nomination, Senate took the following action: Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Legisla-tive Session.
                                                                  Page S3827 
Senate agreed to the motion to proceed to Execu-tive Session to consider the nomination.
       Page S3827 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S3829 
Measures Referred:                                                 Page S3829 
Measures Placed on the Calendar:               Page S3829 
Measures Read the First Time:       Pages S3829, S3835 
Executive Reports of Committees:               Page S3829 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S3830–31 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S3831–35 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN7.REC D28JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D717 June 28, 2017 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S3828–29 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S3835 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 12 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:43 p.m., until 11 a.m. on Thursday, June 29, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on pages S3835–36.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
APPROPRIATIONS: ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS AND BUREAU OF RECLAMATION Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development concluded a hearing to ex-amine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Department of the Interior Bureau of Rec-lamation, after receiving testimony from Lieutenant General Todd T. Semonite, USA, Chief of Engineers, Army Corps of Engineers; Douglas W. Lamont, Sen-ior Official performing the duties of the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Civil Works); and Alan Mikkelsen, Acting Commissioner, Bureau of Rec-lamation, Department of the Interior. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Armed Services: Committee ordered favor-ably reported an original bill entitled, ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; and The nomination of Patrick M. Shanahan, of Wash-ington, to be Deputy Secretary of Defense. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Steven Gill Bradbury, of Virginia, to be General Counsel of the Department of Transpor-tation, and Elizabeth Erin Walsh, of the District of Columbia, to be Assistant Secretary of Commerce and Director General of the United States and For-eign Commercial Service, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NORTH KOREA Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on North Korea, focusing on recent developments, from Joseph Y. Yun, Special Rep-resentative for North Korea Policy, Deputy Assistant Secretary for Korea and Japan, Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs, Department of State. NOMINATIONS Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Claire M. Grady, of Pennsylvania, to be Under Secretary for Management, Department of Homeland Security, and Henry Kerner, of California, to be Special Counsel, Office of Special Counsel, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Timothy J. Kelly, and Trevor N. McFadden, of Virginia, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Columbia, and Jeffrey Bossert Clark, of Virginia, and Beth Ann Williams, of New Jersey, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, Department of Jus-tice, after the nominees testified and answered ques-tions in their own behalf. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: Committee ordered fa-vorably reported S. 1024, to amend title 38, United States Code, to reform the rights and processes relat-ing to appeals of decisions regarding claims for bene-fits under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. NOMINATION Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nomination of David James Glawe, of Iowa, to be Under Secretary for Intel-ligence and Analysis, Department of Homeland Se-curity, after the nominee, who was introduced by Senator Grassley, testified and answered questions in his own behalf. RUSSIAN INTERVENTION IN EUROPEAN ELECTIONS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine Russian intervention in European elections, after receiving testimony from Nicholas Burns, Harvard University John F. Kennedy School of Government Robert and Renee Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs, and Vesko Garcevic, Boston University Frederick Pardee School of Global Studies, both of Boston, Massachusetts; Janis Sarts, NATO Strategic Communications Centre of Excellence, Riga, Latvia; and Constanze Stelzenmuller, Brookings Institution Center on the United States and Europe, Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN7.REC D28JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D719 June 28, 2017 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, June 27th. Robert Emmet Park Act of 2017: H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 338.
                    Page H5287 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5262. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and five recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5261, H5261–62, H5262, H5283–84, H5284, H5286, H5286–87 and H5287. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:42 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a markup on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2018. The Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amend-ment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies held a markup on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. The Energy and Water Development, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’. H.R. 2810 was ordered reported, as amended. EXPLORING OPPORTUNITIES TO STRENGTHEN EDUCATION RESEARCH WHILE PROTECTING STUDENT PRIVACY Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Opportunities to Strengthen Education Research While Protecting Student Privacy’’. Testimony was heard from Nathaniel Schwartz, Chief Research and Strategy Officer, Tennessee Department of Edu-cation; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3043, the ‘‘Hydropower Pol-icy Modernization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify a qualifying conduit hydropower facility; H.R. 3050, the ‘‘Enhancing State Energy Security Planning and Emergency Pre-paredness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2883, the ‘‘Promoting Cross-Border Energy Infrastructure Act’’; H.R. 2910, the ‘‘Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act’’; H.R. 3017, the ‘‘Brownfields Enhancement Economic Redevelop-ment and Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Imple-mentation Act of 2017’’. H.R. 3017, H.R. 2910 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 3050, H.R. 2786, H.R. 3053, H.R. 3043, H.R. 2883, and H.R. 806, were ordered reported, as amended. THE FEDERAL RESERVE’S IMPACT ON MAIN STREET, RETIREES, AND SAVINGS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Reserve’s Impact on Main Street, Retir-ees, and Savings’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE BSA/AML REGULATORY COMPLIANCE REGIME Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the BSA/AML Regu-latory Compliance Regime’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ADVANCING U.S. INTERESTS AT THE UNITED NATIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests at the United Nations’’. Testimony was heard from Nikki R. Haley, United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee concluded a markup on H.R. 495, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act’’; H.R. 2826, the ‘‘Refugee Program Integrity Restoration Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1096, the ‘‘Judg-ment Fund Transparency Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:29 Sep 20, 2017 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\RECORD17\JUNE\D28JN7.REC D28JN7
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D719 June 28, 2017 
Suspension—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, June 27th. Robert Emmet Park Act of 2017: H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 423 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 338.
                    Page H5287 
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H5262. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yea-and-nay votes and five recorded votes developed during the pro-ceedings of today and appear on pages H5261, H5261–62, H5262, H5283–84, H5284, H5286, H5286–87 and H5287. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:42 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Admin-istration, and Related Agencies held a markup on Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropria-tions Bill, FY 2018. The Agriculture, Rural Devel-opment, Food and Drug Administration, and Re-lated Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amend-ment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies held a markup on Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018. The Energy and Water Development, and Related Agen-cies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, was forwarded to the full committee, without amendment. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee began a markup on H.R. 2810, the ‘‘National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’. EXPLORING OPPORTUNITIES TO STRENGTHEN EDUCATION RESEARCH WHILE PROTECTING STUDENT PRIVACY Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exploring Opportunities to Strengthen Education Research While Protecting Student Privacy’’. Testimony was heard from Nathaniel Schwartz, Chief Research and Strategy Officer, Tennessee Department of Edu-cation; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 3043, the ‘‘Hydropower Pol-icy Modernization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2786, to amend the Federal Power Act with respect to the criteria and process to qualify a qualifying conduit hydropower facility; H.R. 3050, the ‘‘Enhancing State Energy Security Planning and Emergency Pre-paredness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2883, the ‘‘Promoting Cross-Border Energy Infrastructure Act’’; H.R. 2910, the ‘‘Promoting Interagency Coordination for Review of Natural Gas Pipelines Act’’; H.R. 3017, the ‘‘Brownfields Enhancement Economic Redevelop-ment and Reauthorization Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3053, the ‘‘Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 806, the ‘‘Ozone Standards Imple-mentation Act of 2017’’. H.R. 3017, H.R. 2910 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 3050, H.R. 2786, H.R. 3053, H.R. 3043, H.R. 2883, and H.R. 806, were ordered reported, as amended. THE FEDERAL RESERVE’S IMPACT ON MAIN STREET, RETIREES, AND SAVINGS Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Reserve’s Impact on Main Street, Retir-ees, and Savings’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING THE BSA/AML REGULATORY COMPLIANCE REGIME Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the BSA/AML Regu-latory Compliance Regime’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ADVANCING U.S. INTERESTS AT THE UNITED NATIONS Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests at the United Nations’’. Testimony was heard from Nikki R. Haley, United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee concluded a markup on H.R. 495, the ‘‘Protection of Children Act’’; H.R. 2826, the ‘‘Refugee Program Integrity Restoration Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1096, the ‘‘Judg-ment Fund Transparency Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN7.REC D28JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD720 June 28, 2017 
2480, the ‘‘Empowering Law Enforcement to Fight Sex Trafficking Demand Act’’. H.R. 495, H.R. 2826, and H.R. 1096, were ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 2480 was ordered reported, without amendment. EXAMINING POLICY IMPACTS OF EXCESSIVE LITIGATION AGAINST THE DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Policy Impacts of Excessive Litigation Against the Department of the Interior’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel Jorjani, Principal Deputy So-licitor, Office of the Solicitor, Department of the In-terior; and public witnesses. CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM AND EFFORTS TO REDUCE RECIDIVISM Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Criminal Justice Reform and Efforts to Reduce Recidivism’’. Testi-mony was heard from Senators Scott and Booker; Bryan P. Stirling, Director, South Carolina Depart-ment of Corrections; and public witnesses. MATERIAL SCIENCE: BUILDING THE FUTURE Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Energy; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Material Science: Building the Future’’. Testimony was heard from Matthew Tirrell, Deputy Laboratory Director for Science, and Chief Research Officer, Ar-gonne National Laboratory; Laurie Locascio, Acting Associate Director, Laboratory Programs, and Direc-tor, Material Measurement Laboratory, National In-stitute of Standards and Technology; Adam Schwartz, Director, Ames Laboratory; and a public witness. BUDGET HEARING Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence: Sub-committee on Department of Defense Intelligence and Overhead Architecture held a budget hearing. This hearing was closed. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, JUNE 29, 2017 (Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: business meeting to consider H.R. 1029, to amend the Federal In-secticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act to improve pes-ticide registration and other activities under the Act, to extend and modify fee authorities, and the nomination of J. Christopher Giancarlo, of New Jersey, to be Chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine conserva-tion and forestry, focusing on perspectives on the past and future direction for the 2018 Farm Bill, 9 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Com-merce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and jus-tification for fiscal year 2018 for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, 10 a.m., SD–192. Subcommittee on Legislative Branch, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2018 for the Senate Sergeant at Arms and the Capitol Police; to be immediately followed by a closed session in SVC–217, following the open session, 10:15 a.m., SD–124. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold hearings to examine principles of housing finance re-form, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: busi- ness meeting to consider S. 1405, to amend title 49, United States Code, to authorize appropriations for the Federal Aviation Administration, S. 875, to require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study and submit a report on filing requirements under the Universal Service Fund programs, S. 1426, to amend the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act to ex-pand the purposes of the corporation, to designate the United States Center for Safe Sport, S. 1393, to stream-line the process by which active duty military, reservists, and veterans receive commercial driver’s licenses, and the nominations of David P. Pekoske, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security, Robert L. Sumwalt III, of South Carolina, to be a Member of the National Transportation Safety Board, and Derek Kan, of California, to be Under Secretary of Transportation for Policy, 9 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Environment and Public Works: business meeting to consider S. 822, to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to modify provisions relating to grants, S. 1447, to reauthorize the diesel emissions reduction pro-gram, S. 1359, to amend the John F. Kennedy Center Act to authorize appropriations for the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, S. 810, to facilitate con-struction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri, S. 1395, to revise the boundaries of certain John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN7.REC D28JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D721 June 28, 2017 units in Delaware, General Services Administration reso-lutions, and the nominations of Annie Caputo, of Vir-ginia, and David Wright, of South Carolina, each to be a Member of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and Susan Parker Bodine, of Maryland, to be an Assistant Ad-ministrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, 12 noon, SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nomination of Mark Andrew Green, of Wis-consin, to be Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, Time to be announced, S–216, Capitol. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 1312, to prioritize the fight against human trafficking in the United States, S. 1311, to provide assistance in abolishing human trafficking in the United States, and the nominations of Stephen Elliott Boyd, of Alabama, to be an Assistant Attorney General, John Kenneth Bush, of Kentucky, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, Kevin Christopher Newsom, of Alabama, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Eleventh Circuit, and Damien Michael Schiff, of California, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 10 a.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Appropriations, Full Committee, markup on Legislative Branch Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 10:30 a.m., 2359 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Re-lated Agencies, markup on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 2 p.m., 2362–B Rayburn. Subcommittee on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment, markup on Financial Services and General Gov-ernment Appropriations Bill, FY 2018, 3 p.m., 2358–A, Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 986, the ‘‘Tribal Labor Sov-ereignty Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2776, the ‘‘Workforce De-mocracy and Fairness Act’’; and H.R. 2775, the ‘‘Em-ployee Privacy Protection Act’’, 11:30 a.m., 2175 Ray-burn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, markup on H.R. 767, the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2017’’; H.R. 880, the ‘‘MISSION ZERO Act’’; H.R. 931, the ‘‘Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 2422, the ‘‘Action for Dental Health Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Subcommittee on Middle East and North Africa, markup on H. Res. 185, to call on the Government of Iran to fulfill repeated promises of assistance in the case of Robert Levinson, the longest held United States civilian in our Nation’s history; H. Res. 218, to recognize the importance of the United States- Israel economic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; H. Res. 274, to condemn the Government of Iran’s state-sponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; H. Res. 317, to call for the uncondi-tional release of United States citizens and legal perma-nent resident aliens being held for political purposes by the Government of Iran; H. Res. 359, to urge the Euro-pean Union to designate Hizballah in its entirety as a ter-rorist organization and increase pressure on it and its members; and H.R. 2646, the ‘‘United States-Jordan De-fense Cooperation Extension Act’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Recent Trends in International Antitrust Enforcement’’, 10 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Ac-cess to Oil and Gas Development on Federal Lands’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Space, hearing entitled ‘‘In-Space Propulsion: Strategic Choices and Options’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Economic Growth, Tax, and Capital Access, hearing entitled ‘‘A Re-view of SBA’s 504/CDC Loan Program’’, 10 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing on H.R. 2006, the ‘‘VA Procurement Efficiency and Transparency Act’’; H.R. 2749, the ‘‘Protecting Business Opportunities for Vet-erans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2781, the ‘‘Ensuring Veteran Enterprise Participation in Strategic Sourcing Act’’; and legislation to improve the hiring, training, and efficiency of acquisition personnel and organizations of the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. Subcommittee on Economic Opportunity, hearing on H.R. 282, the ‘‘Military Residency Choice Act’’; H.R. 1690, the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Bonus Trans-parency Act’’; H.R. 2631, the ‘‘Justice for Servicemembers Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2772, the ‘‘SEA Act’’; legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to furnish assistance for adaptations of residences of veterans in reha-bilitation programs under chapter 31 of such title, and for other purposes; and legislation to amend title 38, United States Code, to permit appraisers approved by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to make appraisals for pur-poses of chapter 37 of such title based on inspections per-formed by third parties, 2 p.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Subcommittee on Social Security; and Subcommittee on Oversight, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Complexities and Challenges of Social Security Coverage and Payroll Tax Compliance for State and Local Governments’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Ongoing Intelligence Activi-ties’’, 9 a.m., HVC–304. This hearing will be closed. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D28JN7.REC D28JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD722 June 28, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 11 a.m., Thursday, June 29 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the nomination of Neomi Rao, of the District of Columbia, to be Administrator of the Office of Informa-tion and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget, with a vote on the motion to invoke cloture thereon. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10:00 a.m., Thursday, June 29 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 3003—No Sanctuary for Criminals Act. Consideration of H.R. 3004—Kate’s Law (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barr, Andy, Ky., E918 Bergman, Jack, Mich., E913, E914 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E916 Bustos, Cheri, Ill., E916 Davis, Rodney, Ill., E915, E917 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E913 Frelinghuysen, Rodney P., N.J., E917 Higgins, Brian, N.Y., E917 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E916 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E914 Larsen, Rick, Wash., E913 Lewis, John, Ga., E915 Marino, Tom, Pa., E915 McCollum, Betty, Minn., E913 O’Halleran, Tom, Ariz., E918 Panetta, Jimmy, Calif., E915 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E917 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E915 Smith, Adam, Wash., E917 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E919 Yoder, Kevin, Kans., E918 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:18 Jun 29, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D28JN7.REC D28JNPT1rfrederick on DSK3GLQ082PROD with DIGEST