Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, as we watch the horrific scenes of destruction from Hurricane Harvey and Irma, I must say that I have been taken back in time. I came to Congress 20 years ago in the aftermath of serious flooding in my hometown of Portland, Oregon. I was Portland’s Commissioner of Public Works at the time, and we had to scramble to try and prevent flood damage into our central city. Since that time, I have spent a great deal of time and energy focusing on what we can do to solve problems of repetitive flooding, having Federal policies in place that makes it less likely that people will be in harm’s way. Sadly, over the course of over 20 years, we are very slow to learn these messages. First and foremost, we continue to provide payments to properties that are repeatedly flooded. When we started over 15 years ago on a program for reforming the flood insurance program, one of the best examples that we used for the need for reform was a home in suburban Houston that had flood insurance payments 17 times in less than 20 years. The total was over $1 million for a piece of property that was less than $120,000 in value. We would have been far better off buying it at a generous price and returning it to its natural state, saving the taxpayers money and minimizing future flood damage. Such is the case when we looked at what was going on with Hurricane Katrina, where we have problems in Louisiana over the years, a city, New Orleans, that is slowly settling, and has engaged in development in some areas where people, like in the lower Ninth Ward, were repeatedly subjected to flood damage. But what we have done too often in the past is we have put people back in harm’s way. We shouldn’t be spending Federal flood relief to put people back in the same situation and having a problem with rising tides because of global warming, changing weather patterns that are going to cost us more money and put more people at risk. There are some simple steps. First, we ought to get rid of the deficit for the flood insurance program. There is no way that premiums are going to make up a deficit of over $24 billion that is going to be even bigger after the bills become due for Irma and for Harvey. Let’s stop pretending that. Wipe the slate clean, like we did with the socalled doc fix, and get down to solutions. Part of the solution is to make sure that people pay actuarial rates for flood insurance. Pay what it has cost. Disguising that cost gives people a false sense of security and reduces that economic incentive to get out of harm’s way, while it makes it less likely that the program will be selfsupporting. Have adequate, accurate flood insurance maps. We ought to immediately move towards accurate flood maps so that people get the right signals. Now, actuarial rates, actual flood insurance maps will cause some disruption and financial problems for some people, so this should be phased in over time; it shouldn’t happen immediately. But those pricing signals should be clear. We should stop subsidizing some and sending inaccurate signals for others. We ought to invest in mitigation. We save about $4 for every dollar we spend floodproofing areas, making them less dangerous in the future. These are simple, commonsense steps that have been suggested by experts for years. We do nobody any favor subsidizing them living in harm’s way; allowing local governments to evade their responsibilities to make sure that people don’t build in dangerous places; and putting first responders, police, firefighters, and utility workers at risk as they rush in to try and save people in dangerous situations. Over the next 3 months, we have a unique opportunity to finally learn these lessons, save taxpayer dollars, save lives, save property, and get on with the business in a way that is more sustainable. Given the problems we are facing with climate change in the future, these problems are only going to get worse. We ought to start now to solve the problem. 
HONORING THE MEMORY OF NICHOLAS LAFOND The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to the memory of Nicholas Lafond, a young man from Miller Place, in New York’s First Congressional District, who, just a couple weeks back, was taken from us far too soon due to the disease of addiction. A bright, intelligent, and talented young man, Nick was loved by all who knew him. He was an honor student who was accepted to Stony Brook University with the intention of pursuing a career in education. However, from a young age, Nick struggled with anxiety, which, sadly, led him down the path of heroin addiction as a teenager. He fought this addiction tirelessly with the love and support of his family and friends, and he sought several forms of treatment. Tragically, just last month, Nick lost his battle with addiction at the age of 25. On August 31, I attended a press conference in recognition of International Overdose Awareness Day, where I met Nick’s parents, Francine and Leonard, and discussed their son, who had been laid to rest only 2 days prior. The courage of these heartbroken parents, to come to this event and talk about Nick so soon after his passing, is absolutely incredible. As a father, the thought of losing a child is unbearable. Through my discussion with Mr. and Mrs. Lafond, you could feel their commitment to fighting this terrible epidemic so that no other parent would have to go through their experience. Shortly after our discussion, I received a letter from the Lafonds detailing Nick’s story and outlining so many of the steps we can take as a community to make drug addiction a thing of the past. From their words, you can feel their passion for this cause. Though it is too late to save their son, Francine and Leonard have dedicated themselves to easing the grip of addiction upon our society. Their selflessness and bravery in the face of unthinkable tragedy is truly beyond compare. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to stand here and share Nick’s story with you and the American people and to discuss this critical priority. Every single day, Americans like this young man fall to drug addiction. It is one of the absolute greatest threats we face as a nation, and it will not subside unless we continue to act. Here in my home county of Suffolk, heroin and opioid abuse is an especially deadly and destructive scourge. There is no one solution to ending the drug epidemic. This is a complex issue involving all levels of government, our community leaders, law enforcement, schools, churches, and everyday Americans. We must form a collaborative effort to discuss and develop localized communitybased solutions to tackle this crisis by increasing treatment, recovery services, and education. Simple incarceration is not and will never be the lone answer to this crisis. In the last Congress, I was proud to have cosponsored and help pass into law the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, which provides a total of $8.33 billion in funding over 5 years to help combat the heroin and opioid abuse epidemic and funds many initiatives on the local level. While this is a step in the right direction, it is not enough to truly end this plague upon our Nation. As Francine wrote to me in her letter, ‘‘To make headway against this awful epidemic, the approach must be multifocal, swift, and forceful. We not only need dollars to be put toward law enforcement and treatment, both of which we know have limited effect, we also need to concentrate on addressing the underlying psychological issues that lead to opioid abuse. These are not drugs one uses to party. They are extremely strong and effective painkillers one uses to escape life. The world is a harsh place for kids today, so much different than when I or even you were young.’’ The complexity of this issue is unrivaled, and we cannot turn a blind eye to any potential effort. This needs to be a highest priority to resolve. We cannot rest until tragic incidents like what happened to Nick Lafond become a thing of the past. I would like to read a poem Nick wrote while in rehab, only weeks before his passing, which describes his tragic struggle: 
Anxiety is life to me. Mixed with some sobriety; throw in notoriety, this is my anxiety. Always looking over my shoulder. Will this get better as I get older? Carrying it around like a boulder, this is my anxiety. Dark holes and deep depression, popping pill after pill in rapid succession. How did I not see the progression? This is my anxiety. Days to weeks, weeks to months, and months to years, why is my head constantly filled with tears? Keep a straight face, don’t shed any tears; this is my anxiety. Waking up to go to sleep, climbing this mountain seems so steep. Close to the edge, I’ll surely leap. This is my anxiety. f 
b1015 WOMEN AND CHILDREN LOST BY GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise yet again because Americans are dying in our movie theaters, city parks, on street corners, and in elementary school classrooms. Even our homes and relationships aren’t safe. A new CDC report found that half of all murdered women are killed by a partner or an expartner. Guns are their weapon of choice. Mr. Speaker, the report found that 5,234 American women have been killed by husbands, boyfriends, or exes with guns. Has this Congress acted? No. Three American women are shot and killed by an abuser every day. Congress does nothing. This year, 352 Americans have already been lost to gunrelated domestic violence. Congress does nothing. Felons buy guns online; abusers get weapons without background checks. Congress still does nothing. Convicted stalkers legally purchase guns in 29 States, yet, still again, this Congress does nothing. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read some quotes from brave women who called the National Domestic Violence Hotline—women in danger, women fearing for their lives, women that this Congress has ignored in order to cater to the NRA. One survivor said: ‘‘Abuser threatened our young child that he would shoot the entire family and maybe others.’’ Another survivor said: ‘‘He never fired the pistol, but he would sit on my chest and point it at my head. He would put it right next to my temple.’’ The NRA doesn’t think there is a problem. They think it is politically motivated and claims victims manipulate ‘‘emotionally compelling issues such as ‘domestic violence’ and ‘stalking’ simply to cast as wide a net as possible for Federal firearm prohibitions.’’ Are you kidding me? Victim No. 103, Amber White, 32. Victim 104, Korinda Rodriguez, 32, killed on her way to work. 105, Jabria Hall, 23. 106, Lauren Walker, 32. 107, Karen Smith, 53, a teacher. Her estranged husband killed her and her 8 yearold student, Jonathan Martinez. 108, Trini Do, 29, killed with four family members at her son’s eleventh birthday party. 109, Kathleen Grimes, 54. 110, April Bailey, 39. 111, Zina Daniel, 42, killed with two others when her abusive and estranged husband bought a gun from Armslist, walked into a spa, and started shooting. Victim 112, Emily Young, 24. Her husband had twice admitted to domestic violence charges, but he had a gun. 113, Ashley Hicks, 23. 114, Latina Verneta Herring, 35, killed along with her 8yearold son, Branden, because of a fight over car keys. 115, Lidia Juarez, 37. 116, Fannie McWhite, 61. 117, Tracy Judd, 33, and her 23 monthold daughter. 118, Amber Weigel, 25, and her 2year old daughter, both killed because the father didn’t want to pay child support. 119, Tania Adams, 41, a mother of three boys. 120, Gladys Tordil, 44, murdered in a high school parking lot in front of her daughter. 121, Karla AydeGarcia Arellano, 25. 122, Jitka Vesel, 36, shot at least 11 times by a boyfriend who bought a gun in Washington and drove to Illinois. 123, Rashanda Franklin, 29. Victim 124, Tammy Mattison, 49. 125, Jennifer Krieger, 44, killed along with her 14yearold daughter Kelsie. 126, Camille Thompson, 26, murdered with her two young children in the car. 127, Mary Shipstone, 7 years old, shot by her father while at a safe house. Kate Allen, 43, killed with her two 10 yearold children at a Cracker Barrel. It was her daughter Kerri’s 10th birthday. Courtney Price McKinney, 22. Maria McIntosh, 19, killed alongside her father and her sister. Crystal Hamilton, 29. Officer Ashley Guindon, 28, was also killed responding to Crystal’s call. It was her second day of work. Nalisha Gravely, 19. Ernestina Lara Chaires, 44, killed while trying to escape her abuser. Rachel Naomi Peters, 32. Cara Russel, 52. Sandra Smith, 42, killed alongside her 15yearold son Daniel. Olga Neubert, 37. Elizabeth Rodriguez, 26. Tabitha Apling, 33. Michelle Morris, 50. Laura Aceves, 21. Kathy Edwards, 53. Alejandra Hernandez, 28. Jamila Odom, 41. Ashley Hasti, 31, the first victim in a MinnesotatoCalifornia mass shooting that ended on the campus of UCLA. Maria Guadalupe Sobrevilla, 58. Joyce Haynes, 41. Amanda Colley, 36. Her murderer was on probation for violation of the protective order against him. Larissa Barros, 18. Mr. Speaker, we failed these women and their families. f 
UNITED NATIONS INTERIM FORCE IN LEBANON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to raise awareness of the work Ambassador Nikki Haley is doing to increase transparency and accountability at the United Nations in many ways, but particularly as it relates to the U.N.’s Interim Force in Lebanon. This Force is tasked with an important responsibility: doing everything it can to disrupt and stop the illegal activities being carried out in Lebanon by Hezbollah, a group that seeks to destroy Israel and that receives funding from Iran. Part of this responsibility is ensuring weapons are not present near Lebanon’s border with Israel. Unfortunately, for too long, the Force was not doing enough to acknowledge the presence of weapons, even as Hezbollah increased its weapons and put them on display for the media. At the behest of the United States, the Security Council has now agreed to increase the accountability of this Force, an important step for the security of one of our greatest allies, Israel, and for accountability and transparency at the United Nations. 
DACA STORIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, last week on the east front outside the Capitol on the lawn, I met with a group of DREAMers. DREAMers, of course, refers to young Americans who were brought here as children without proper documentation, but who have grown up in our communities, studied in our schools, and are American in every way but on paper. The DREAMers I met with, Mr. Speaker, were fasting—fasting to protest the President’s destructive decision to end the DACA program that allowed them to register to live and work in the only country they consider to be theirs. They were fasting to encourage us in this House to take action to remedy their situation by enacting a permanent fix, as President Trump has suggested. One of the young DREAMers, Mr. Speaker, I met was a young man named Diego. He is 28. Born in Mexico, he came here as a young child and was raised in Arkansas. He didn’t make a decision to come here. He was brought here by his parents. Thanks to DACA, he was able to get a job, a driver’s license, and pay taxes to support the country he loves. Diego 
is now a graduate of the University of Arkansas, and a Public Policy Fellow with the Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute. How stupid it would be to send him to some other country that he does not know. I also met Karen from Florida, age 22. She also was brought here from Mexico at a very young age. Now she attends college and owns a small business. There was Fernanda from Alabama. She is 23 and graduated from a 4year university with honors, thanks to the scholarships she could apply for once registered under DACA. How stupid it would be to say to her: Leave. There is Brandon, age 19. He told me that he has a younger sister who was born here. He, of course, does not want to be separated from her as a result of being deported. What kind of a judgment is it that we would divide a sister and a brother, particularly a brother who has made such a positive impact on his community? Mr. Speaker, this issue is about real people. Real people. They are Americans in mind and in spirit because they grew up here, they love this country, and they contribute to building our communities and Nation every day. Let’s not forget that. That is why so many thousands of businesses and major business groups in America have said: Keep DACA in place. That is why the President said: Fix this, and I will sign the bill. That is why so many churches and communities and educators and medical personnel have said: Keep these folks here. They are making a positive difference for America. Mr. Speaker, I urge the Speaker and the majority leader to bring a bill to this floor that will do what President Trump says we ought to do and put DACA in legislation. Pass the Dream Act. We are going to have an opportunity to do that at the end of this month, next month, and hopefully we will get that done. Let’s pass this bipartisan, bicameral Dream Act without delay so that Diego, Karen, Fernanda, Brandon, and so many thousands more who see America as their country, who are making a positive contribution to their country, can stay here. They know of no other home than America, and they want to be a part of building this country’s future. Mr. Speaker, immigrants have always made that contribution. It is immigrants who built this country. My father came here at the age of 32 in 1934. He came from Denmark. I am the son of an immigrant, born here in America. He served in World War II and became a citizen through his service in World War II. I rarely quote Rush Limbaugh. He said: We are not going to send these kids home. Eightyfour percent of the American people, in that neighborhood, believe that we ought not to send these kids back to the countries of their birth, which are not their home. That is bad policy. Let’s listen. Let’s act. Let’s make the lives of these young people more secure and more productive for America. 
OUTSTANDING ORGANIZATIONS IN BUCKS COUNTY, PENNSYLVANIA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize two outstanding organizations in my district that were recently honored by the Commonwealth Prevention Alliance for their dedication and leadership to prevent and eliminate substance abuse in Bucks County. The Council Rock Coalition for Healthy Youth, represented by Director Debbie Moskovitz, received the Commonwealth’s Coalition of the Year Award; and Melanie Swanson, a prevention specialist representing the Council of Southeast Pennsylvania, received the Maggie Marcopul Award, given in honor of Maggie Marcopul, a prevention professional who served Bucks County, and Pennsylvania on the whole, for more than three decades. b1030 Council Rock Coalition for Healthy Youth and the Council of Southeast Pennsylvania demonstrate every day that the targeted efforts of substance abuse prevention are effective. According to the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, every dollar spent on effective schoolbased prevention programs saves approximately $18 in healthcare and judicial costs resulting from substance abuse. Fighting back against the opioid addiction crisis requires a multifaceted approach led by lawmakers, community leaders, healthcare professionals, and law enforcement. I am thankful that Bucks County has organizations like these that effectively prevent local substance abuse. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the work done by Aark Wildlife Rehabilitation and Education Center in Chalfont, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Founded by Mary Jane Stretch, the Aark focuses on rehabilitation, education, and training to help take care of orphaned and injured birds and mammals. Their goal is to rehabilitate these animals until they can be set free, take care of themselves, and learn the tools of survival. The Aark is the biggest wildlife center of Pennsylvania, serving over 5,000 animals. In addition to rehabilitation, the Aark provides education programs for students to give them an appreciation for wildlife and the need to keep animals in their natural habitat. I am pleased to stand by my constituents Mary Jane Stretch and her daughter, Leah Stallings, at the Aark as they strive to rehabilitate animals and educate students and the public about how to care for wounded animals. f 
16TH ANNIVERSARY OF 2001 AUTHORIZATION FOR USE OF MILITARY FORCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to really challenge my colleagues to restore Congress’ constitutional oversight on matters of war and peace. Tomorrow marks the 16th year since Congress has passed an openended blank check for endless wars. That is the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force. First, I just have to say that my thoughts and prayers are with the families, friends, and communities who lost loved ones, and our deepest gratitude to the first responders who so bravely saved lives. We will never forget you. Three days after this horrific attack—actually, September 14, 3 days— I couldn’t vote for this blank check because it surrendered Congress’ constitutional authority and paved the way for perpetual war, the authorization to use military force. It is deeply disturbing to me that 16 years later this Congress has failed to revisit this war authorization and have an informed debate on the cost and consequences of endless war. I opposed the 2001 AUMF because I feared it would become a blank check for any President to wage war anywhere in perpetuity. In those tragic days in the wake of 9/11, I was just as devastated and outraged as everyone. I wanted to protect our country from further attacks against terrorism. I wanted to bring the terrorists to justice. But looking at the authorization to use military force, I knew then that such an openended resolution would not make us any safer. The resolution was 60 words, it was overly broad, and it set the framework for perpetual war. It was passed just 3 days after the attacks, with little debate, and has been used to wage endless war around the globe. In the 16 years since its passage, that is the only input, really, that Congress has provided. This is just disgraceful. Three hundred Members of the United States House of Representatives today were not serving when we voted on the 2001 AUMF, twothirds of this Chamber that has never had an opportunity to cast a vote on going to war. For years, I have been trying to change that. While Congress has been missing in action, these wars have spiralled out of control, just as I feared. A recent report from the Congressional Research Service shows that this authorization has been used more than 37 times in 14 
countries to justify military action. These include operations at Guantanamo Bay, warrantless wire tapping, and recent military actions in Libya, Syria, Somalia, Yemen, and many more. This report only looked at unclassified military actions. How many more military actions are happening without the knowledge of the American people? In the 16 years since the AUMF was enacted, three Presidents have used this legislation to wage endless war; and as long as this AUMF stays on the books, any President will be able to use this blank check to wage war anywhere, anytime, in perpetuity. I have been trying to end this AUMF for years, and this summer we got closer than ever before when the Appropriations Committee agreed, in a bipartisan vote, to adopt my amendment sunsetting the AUMF—that is after 8 months upon signing of the legislation, not right away. It would take 8 months for it to sunset. The 2001 resolution was passed in 3 days. Certainly, we can debate and vote on a new AUMF in 8 months. Members of both parties agreed at the time that it was time for Congress to debate and vote on a new AUMF, one that reflected the national security needs of 2017, not 2001. But then my bipartisan amendment was stripped out of the bill in the dead of night by Speaker RYANand the Republican leadership with no debate or vote in the Rules Committee. They just wiped it out, an over 326page bill. It just vanished. But here is the bottom line: Republicans want a new AUMF. So do Democrats. So my question to the Speaker is: What is the holdup? Why have you not scheduled a debate on this vital national security issue? What, Speaker RYAN, are you afraid of? And also, why won’t the President submit a new one? In 2017, American servicemembers have been killed in Yemen, Somalia, Iraq, and Afghanistan. At what point will congressional leadership say enough is enough? How many young lives do we have to lose before Congress steps up to do its job? We owe this to our brave troops. In 2001, when I opposed this authorization, I recalled the words of Reverend Nathan Baxter, dean of the National Cathedral. ‘‘As we act,’’ he said, ‘‘let us not become the evil that we deplore.’’ 
RECOGNIZING PORTSTOPLAINS ALLIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and recognize the PortstoPlains Alliance on 20 years of hard work to ensure a voice for rural communities in America’s heartland and for educating others on the importance of building out infrastructure around feeding, fueling, and clothing America’s cities in urban areas. Let me start by recognizing the hard work and the leadership of my dear friend and predecessor who left big shoes for me to fill, and that man is Randy Neugebauer, who is, in my mind, the father of this great initiative. And we in west Texas and up and down the backbone of this country owe him a debt of gratitude. I extend my deepest thanks and appreciation to Congressman Randy Neugebauer. For those who aren’t familiar, the PortstoPlains corridor runs north and south through the center of America’s heartland, from my State of Texas to Montana, through New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas, Colorado, Nebraska, South Dakota, Wyoming, and North Dakota. It is strategically located to create jobs and increase economic efficiency by connecting rural areas to urban America, regional trade centers, and international transportation facilities. Within the PortstoPlains service area, there are three congressionally designated corridors, highpriority transportation corridors, consisting of over 2,300 miles of highway and 38 million citizens. The PortstoPlains region includes States that lead our Nation’s energy economy, with 7 of the top 10 States in oil production and 8 of the top 10 States in wind energy generation, producing over $44 million in agriculture goods, or about 22 percent of the United States’ total production of agriculture. The PortstoPlains corridor annually generates over $166 billion in trade with Canada and Mexico, which is almost 20 percent of all U.S. North American trade. The bottom line is: Middle America provides the food, fuel, and fiber that strengthens and protects our Nation, but that is only true when we can get the product to market. Unfortunately, nearly half of this region consists of twolane, antiquated roads that cannot safely and reliably handle today’s traffic demands, much less future traffic demands. These roads were never designed to accommodate the kind of traffic and large trucks being used today, mainly by the energy and agriculture industries. The PortstoPlains Alliance, through its partnerships, has formed a strong voice for rural America promoting the importance of investing in its highway infrastructure. I am honored to share the significance of this corridor and its needs by chairing the newly created Congressional PortstoPlains Caucus alongside—and this is a bipartisan effort— my House cochairs Representatives SMITH, GONZALEZ , CUELLAR , and our counterparts in the Senate, Senators HEITKAMP and F ISCHER . If we are going to continue to feed and clothe the American people and fuel this great economy, we must make the investment in our infrastructure, and we must make that investment in rural America. The return is incalculable, unmeasurable, unquantifiable, and we need to make that investment. If you want to make America great again, support the people of rural America, support the products of rural America, and God help us support the values of rural America. God bless America, and God bless America’s beating heart in small towns all across this land. f 
IMPROVING AVIATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) for 5 minutes. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, there are groups proliferating across America who want to improve our system of aviation. Most people are not anxious to get on planes these days, given the conditions on the airplanes themselves, the treatment they get, the charges to put their bag in the overhead or sit on the aisle—all of these things. It has become quite an unpleasant experience. And then you have the aggravation of delays that ruin your trip, your business meeting, and sometimes your vacation. Last week, I talked about the Citizens for On Time Flights. Now we have a new group, another new grassroots group. Imagine this. It is called Flyers for Fairness. Now they want to fix the system. Their fix is to privatize the largest, most complex, safest system of air traffic in the world. They say that we are trapped in the 1950s using World War II radar. Well, that is not quite so true. Actually, it is not World War II radar. We are still using radar. However, we do have a system where we can fly planes closer together, more efficiently use the airspace, called ADS–B. They would have us believe that somehow this thing is infinitely delayed and overbudget and not happening. Well, actually, we had a GAO report last week that said, actually, it is on budget and it is going very well and, in fact, it is operational. Well, then why aren’t we using it? Well, because the airlines, many of them flying older aircraft, do not want to upgrade their GPS systems. It is very expensive: $200,000 per plane. We calculated it for American Airlines. To equip every plane in their fleet, it would cost them 40 percent of their baggage fees—40 percent of their baggage fees. Now, Wall Street wouldn’t like that, so they don’t want to make the investment. Just like the airlines haven’t invested in their reservations and dispatch systems which have repeatedly gone down, stranding, cumulatively, millions of people over the last 5 years, but they say they could do a better job running the air traffic system. Well, actually, the statistics don’t quite bear out the arguments of Citizens for On Time Flights, and Flyers 
for Fairness, fake Astroturf groups actually funded by Airlines for America. In fact, this Flyers for Fairness is pretty funny. A guy named Alan Clendenin is the head of it. He won’t say who finances the group. He is a former air traffic controller who vehemently opposed privatization as recently as June and now chairs this citizen group and is being paid a handsome salary by whom? I wonder. Now, here is the big problem with their argument. We have the most recent statistics on delays. Normally, the biggest cause of delays is weather. They would have you believe it is the air traffic system. It is not. In fact, the number one cause of delays in the United States of America today is airline operations. So that is right; the airlines themselves, when they schedule 15 planes to take off at the same time at one airport, when the airport can only take off 1 plane a minute, that causes delays. b1045 When they mess up their crews’ schedules and they do other things, that causes delays. When they fly decrepit aircraft and they have maintenance issues, that causes delays. Fortysix percent of the delays in June were due to airline operations. How is that going to be dealt with by privatizing the safest, largest, most complex, and sophisticated air traffic control system in the world? The second largest cause, as you can see from the chart, is bad weather. Actually, the FAA has developed a way to help deal with that and more efficiently reroute planes called Data Comm, which is in all of our major airports now so we can deal with it. So we have cut down on weather delays about as much as we probably can. There are always going to be weather delays. Then the ATC system itself, in fact, improvements are coming there with a very sophisticated electronic flight script, which will be in all of our control towers within 3 years. It is already in our en route centers. We are told that they are using paper strips. Well, the paper strips are actually infallible. They don’t have computer malfunctions, unlike their reservation and dispatch systems which frequently strand travelers. The FAA made a business decision to have a much more sophisticated form of electronic strip which will help sort out traffic at dispatch on the ground, given the routes they are going to take automatically, and reduce congestion at airports and reduce delays in the future. So what would those private interests do differently? The bottom line is they would profit from it. That is all. They wouldn’t make it any better. 
NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I pose the question: Why do many people—too many—how many is too many? The number that can have an adverse impact. Why do too many people—not all— why do too many people deny the existence of circumstances that can have an invidious impact upon society? Why? Why would people deny that there is a link between smoking and cancer? Why would people deny that invidious discrimination existed when there were laws on the books that encouraged invidious discrimination? Why would people deny the existence of climate change with all of the empirical evidence available to us to peruse and scrutinize? Why? Why, Mr. Speaker? Because if you deny it, you don’t have to do anything about it. If you deny the linkage between smoking and cancer, you don’t have to do anything about it. If you deny the links between invidious discrimination and the impact on persons who are discriminated against, you don’t have to do anything about it. If you deny that climate change exists, that there is something going on, then you don’t have to do anything about it. Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding denials, we have to acknowledge that, as of late, in Houston, Texas, we have had three major events—three major hurricanes—to have to cope with. And these three major events, while there may be some debate about whether they are 100year floods or 500year floods, everybody agrees that they are billion dollar floods, plus, I might add, because the empirical evidence is there to support it. With all of these hurricanes that are traversing the Atlantic Ocean and coming into landfall here in the United States, the frequency of them has to get our attention. So whether you think it is climate change or whether you think that these are acts of God— and the law recognizes such language— or whether you just can’t explain it but you recognize that it is occurring, I think we have to do something about what is going on. Mr. Speaker, we can no longer assume that the old normal is going to apply to our circumstances. There is a new normal that we have to cope with, and this new normal has much to do with how we will provide for the welfare and safety of the people of the United States of America. How will we approach flood insurance? The National Flood Insurance Program is in debt that we acknowledge to the tune of $24.6 billion. That is what we acknowledge. But after Harvey and after what has happened recently in Florida and in the islands, Mr. Speaker, that number is going up exponentially. If we are of the opinion that there is no climate change, this is just sort of a freak of nature that is occurring right now and things will go back to the old normal and we just stay with that, then we won’t take the necessary steps to provide flood insurance that is going to cover people so that they are not lost in a storm of red tape and bureaucracy. We have to change the dynamics that relate to flood insurance in this country. We have to find a way to allow that $24.6 billion that is going to go up exponentially to be properly resolved. It has to be eliminated. Here is why: If you pass that on to the policyholders, then many people will not be able to afford flood insurance. If people can’t afford flood insurance, then they are not going to be able to buy homes. If they can’t buy homes, then we are going to have an impact on the economy. I believe, Mr. Speaker, that it is time for us to do several things with flood insurance. One, resolve the issue of when versus flood as it relates to compensation for damages. Two, eliminate the debt. And, finally, I would say this: We have to, whether we like it or not, acknowledge that there is a new normal, especially after what has happened in Texas, Louisiana, Florida, and the territories. I would also want to be specific about Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. Our prayers and thoughts are with them just as they are with those persons in Florida who have been harmed and the many persons across Texas, Louisiana, and other States. This is our moment in time. This is our opportunity to make a difference. Let’s acknowledge the change and make a change. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Thank You, Dear Lord, for giving us another day. As the difficult work of appropriations continues in the Congress, we ask Your blessing upon the Members and their staff who have done the detailed work to produce legislation for the government of our Nation. May their work be blessed with success to the benefit of all Americans. Continue to bless those who are recovering from hurricane destruction 
and those fighting, still, the storms of wildfire that plague our Western States. Blanket those who fight to overcome these natural disasters with Your spirit of strength and endurance, and preserve them all from harm. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ZELDIN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve a better deal. They deserve better jobs, better wages, and a better future. That is what Democrats are committed to doing, and it starts with creating millions of fulltime, goodpaying jobs that give more Americans the opportunity to get ahead. That is why we have proposed doubling Federal support for apprenticeship programs. Apprenticeship training is one of the most costeffective ways for getting workers started on a successful career path. Over their lifetimes, folks who completed an apprenticeship will earn $300,000 more than folks who don’t. Now, you would think that a President who once hosted a game show called ‘‘The Apprentice’’ would see the wisdom of this approach, but that is not the case. Earlier this year, President Trump actually proposed a budget that cuts job training by nearly 40 percent. That is not a better deal. It is not even a good deal. It is a raw deal. We can do better. Let’s make the expansion of apprenticeship programs a national priority. Let’s give young people and folks who are changing careers the tools they need to get ahead. Let’s give the American people a better deal. 
NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION WEEK (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, today I want to address a topic of grave and tragic importance. Every 12 minutes in the United States we experience a suiciderelated death; and, shockingly, for every suicide death, there are 25 attempts. These are heartbreaking statistics and, sadly, they hit very close to home. In Utah, for example, we have the fifth highest rate of suicide deaths in the country. These are our neighbors, our coworkers, and, in some cases, our family and our friends. I think that most of us, if not all of us, have been touched by some of these tragic stories, and I believe that we have a responsibility to do everything we can to help those in need. That is why I introduced the National Suicide Improvement Act earlier this year. This bill hopes to streamline and provide easy access to potentially lifesaving resources by designing a new, national threedigit dialing number similar to 911 for a national suicide prevention and mental health crisis hotline. I believe this legislation has the ability to save lives and to benefit our loved ones who struggle with mental illness or suicidal thoughts. Let us do everything we can to help our fellow citizens who are in need, and that is what this legislation will do. f 
HOUSE DEMOCRATS ARE FIGHTING FOR A BETTER DEAL FOR AMERICANS (Mr. JEFFRIES asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration has turned its attention to socalled tax reform, and the American people will face a clear choice. House Republicans want tax cuts for the wealthy and the welloff. That is a raw deal. House Democrats are fighting for tax cuts for working families and middle class Americans. That is a better deal. The American people deserve a country where, if you work hard and play by the rules, you can provide a comfortable living for your family; but for far too many Americans, that basic contract has been broken. That is why House Democrats are fighting for better jobs, better wages, and a better future. House Democrats are fighting for higher pay, lower costs, and tools for the 21st century economy, and House Democrats are fighting for a better deal for every single American. 
CAMPAIGN FOR DECENCY (Mr. ZELDIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring awareness to the Campaign for Decency, which was launched by Lisa Cholnoky, a parttime resident of my district who is with us here today in the gallery. Operating out of the First Congressional District of New York, in Shelter Island, the Campaign for Decency is a nonpartisan organization that seeks to bring civility back to our Nation. Ms. Cholnoky was inspired to launch this campaign after witnessing much of the bitter division in our country and the inability of many Americans to engage in civil, productive discussion. As Americans, we cherish our freedom to dissent, but must always bear in mind that these debates must be productive and substantive. In July, Ms. Cholnoky mailed out 535 Decency buttons to every single Representative and Senator. She describes the campaign as ‘‘a simple reminder of the basic standards of decency that every American deserves, regardless of their political views.’’ I am proudly wearing this button here today to join in Ms. Cholnoky’s call for unity both here in Congress and together as citizens of the greatest country on Earth. This campaign sets an example for us all to abide by as we strive to reach across the aisle in a bipartisan fashion. 
ARTS IN EDUCATION WEEK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in honor of Arts in Education Week and the power of art to improve student learning, inspire creativity, and boost academic achievement at all ages. The arts speak to all of us in different ways. I am inspired by the performing arts, while others are drawn to design and, still, others express themselves through music. The exposure to and participation in creative disciplines empowers us to courageously innovate, a key to success in school and beyond. Mr. Speaker, in my home State of Rhode Island, music education is encouraged, actually, in State law. Unfortunately, Congress has not demonstrated the same commitment. I am extremely disappointed that the Republican appropriations package for fiscal year 2018 eliminates the Arts in Education program, a vital source of funding for arts programs across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, we must invest in the arts, not cut funding, and empower the next generation to realize their potential to create. 
SAN ANTONIO RESIDENTS’ EFFORTS IN WAKE OF HURRICANE HARVEY (Mr. HURD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the extraordinary and selfless acts that have been demonstrated in my home State of Texas in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. The good folks in Houston, Rockport, and the rest of the Gulf Coast did not face this devastating storm alone. Among the many helping hands that were lent to the rescue and assistance of fellow Texans were those from my hometown of San Antonio. The San Antonio Emergency Operations Center worked to prepare for the storm and shifted to disaster response along the Gulf Coast. Given San Antonio’s geographic location within the State, the EOC has become a crucial disaster response point for the State of Texas. They provided critical, roundtheclock support to local and statewide efforts in the days and weeks following the hurricane. These efforts, along with other private companies and nonprofit partners, have been nothing short of remarkable. Through donations of clothing, water, food, funds, and blood drives, San Antonians came out to show their solidarity with the folks in the impacted towns. I was humbled to witness a few of these selfless acts firsthand. I am proud of my hometown’s swift response to our fellow Texans in need. I commend the organizations, businesses, and neighbors who have touched the lives of the thousands of hurricane survivors. They are the reason that we are Texas Strong. f 
FIGHTING TO REINSTATE DACA (Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, last Friday, straight from the train, I had the opportunity to join fellow Delawarians for a rally in support of DREAMers in our State and across our country. These are young adults who were brought to America as children. This is the only home they know. I have had the opportunity to hear from some of the 75 DREAMers at Delaware State University. Every single one of them is excelling. They are part of our future. Ending DACA will cost Delaware’s GDP $88 million, and create a loss of nearly $460 billion for our country. America thrives on our diversity. We have a moral obligation to stand up for these young Americans, and I will continue to join my colleagues in fighting to reinstate DACA. 
PEDIATRIC CANCER AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, since I spoke on this floor last September in honor of Pediatric Cancer Awareness Month, more than 10,000 children have been diagnosed with cancer and approximately 1,200 have died due to this deadly disease. Pediatric cancer remains the leading cause of diseaserelated deaths for children in the United States. In our country alone, nearly 1 out of every 285 children will be diagnosed with cancer. For those who survive the disease, the vast majority experience health complications related to the cancer diagnosis for the rest of their lives. Despite these startling statistics, progress has been made. The 21st Century Cures Act and the RACE for Children Act have been signed into law. These bills incentivize innovation and will help us move closer to cures. Even with these advances, the fact remains that only 4 percent of the National Cancer Institute’s budget supports childhood cancer research. Before he lost his battle with cancer, 7year old Jonny Wade from Jerseyville told me that 4 percent is not enough. I agree with my friend Jonny; 4 percent is not enough. We must continue to fund research and support innovation to ensure a future where no child—no child—ever has cancer. WILDFIRE IN OUR NATIONAL FORESTS (Mr. SCHRADER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SCHRADER. Mr. Speaker, as our country reels from the devastation of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, another disaster ravages our Pacific Northwest. I rise today to once again bring attention to the problem that is decades in the making: wildfire in our national forests. The mismanagement of these forests over the last 30 years has destroyed the health of our beautiful national forests. Our land management agencies are paralyzed by litigation. Radical groups dictate the policy. As a result, our forests have never been in worse condition. Fuel loads in our forest are now so great, once a fire begins, there is little hope of being able to contain it. With 193 million acres in the National Forest System, nearly 40 percent is vulnerable to wildfire, insects, disease, and in need of treatment; yet harvest levels on Federal lands remain low, with tree growth and mortality rates far exceeding removal. We need to change this, or this will happen. This is the Eagle Creek fire right outside the city of Portland by the Bridge of the Gods. Every year we don’t act, the problem gets worse. We need to reform our forest management practices, and we need to do it now. Enough is enough. 
b1215 PRESIDENT TRUMP THREATENS THE ESTABLISHMENT (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, President Trump doesn’t have many fans in the political, media, or academic establishment. The definition of ‘‘establishment’’ is a ruling class or a controlling group. They oppose the President because he is not one of them. They hold different views of immigration, trade, regulations, political correctness, and media bias. Their beliefs are threatened by his world view, so they are relentlessly trying to discredit his Presidency. The President, I believe, sees himself as representing the working men and women of America; Republicans, Democrats, and Independents. This is the broad middle class and those who aspire to be part of it. The establishment has linked arms and resists the President’s reforms, but all true reform starts with the voice of the people, and they are on his side. 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3697, CRIMINAL ALIEN GANG MEMBER REMOVAL ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 15, 2017, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 22, 2017. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 513 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on House Resolution 513, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring forward this rule on behalf of the Rules Committee. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3697, the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. Before I discuss the rule, Mr. Speaker, I would first like to take this opportunity to thank all the first responders who have been working tirelessly in the wake of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, and to send my thoughts and prayers to those who have suffered loss because of these storms. Georgia saw much of Hurricane Irma’s devastation firsthand, and I would like to thank the men and women who are responding to the people in need and rebuilding our communities. I am grateful to all of those who have played and are playing a part in these recovery efforts. As someone who is still back home without power, I understand the need that is going on in Florida all the way up through northeast Georgia. This is truly a ‘‘from the beach to the highlands’’ kind of issue, and we are continuing to thank our law enforcement, our first responders, and especially those that work for the power companies and others getting the utilities back on that we take for granted so many days. I just want to say thank you to them. Mr. Speaker, the rule before us today provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided between the chairman and ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to recommit. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from two of my colleagues on the Judiciary Committee, Mr. JOHNSON from Louisiana and Ms. LOFGREN from California. Much of H.R. 3697 received consideration by the Judiciary Committee as part of a larger bill, the Michael Davis, Jr. and Danny Oliver in Honor of State and Local Law Enforcement Act. After a lengthy and thorough debate, the Judiciary Committee marked up and reported favorably that legislation on May 24. As a cosponsor and strong supporter of the DavisOliver Act, I hope to see that legislation pass before the full House. Today we have an opportunity to increase public safety by moving an important piece of that bill forward as H.R. 3697. I want to recognize Representative BARBARA COMSTOCK , my colleague from Virginia, for introducing the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. I also want to thank Representative COMSTOCK and this bill’s cosponsors— Chairman GOODLATTE , Chairman S ESSIONS , Congressman P ETER KING, and Congressman LABRADOR —for their work on this issue. From fiscal years 2016 to 2017, ICE agents made over 8,000 gangrelated criminal arrests, leading to over 2,600 convictions. America’s families, friends, and neighbors are watching the problem of transnational gang violence grow, and ICE reports that membership of these gangs is comprised largely of foreignborn nationals. Many of these gang members terrorizing our streets are here illegally. MS–13, in particular, has experienced growth at the expense of American neighborhoods and public safety. In fact, the Department of Justice has said that MS–13, which originated in Central America, has 10,000 members in the United States, and 40,000 members worldwide. As if this wasn’t a clear enough threat, the other transnational gangs are on the rise as well. Sophisticated gang leaders have recognized that our immigration system is susceptible to exploitation and have taken advantage. MS–13 violence has hit communities in Boston, New York, Virginia, and Washington, D.C., particularly hard, but the problem is not limited to these areas. In my home State of Georgia, ICE agents recently arrested an individual who played an active role in a murder in Virginia. In northern Virginia, at least eight murders have been attributed to MS–13 since last November. This is unacceptable. While it is not the only step we can take, one major way we can help to address this problem is to make sure that transnational gang members who are seeking to bring their tactics to our soil do not exploit our immigration laws. We need to use all the tools in our toolbox to address this problem of gang violence, and the underlying bill we are considering today helps us do that. It recognizes that transnational gang members have taken advantage of our immigration laws while addressing existing flaws in our system. This bill becomes clear that Congress will uphold its duty to protect the safety of the American people and provide critical tools to law enforcement. Importantly, while this bill cracks down on criminal alien gang members and strengthens our system, it preserves due process and burden of proof protections. The Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act takes the commonsense step of ensuring that criminal gang members are ineligible for asylum, special immigration, juvenile status, and temporary protected status. The bill also adds grounds of inadmissibility and deportability for criminal alien gang members, and it requires that criminal alien gang members are kept in custody prior to and during the immigration court proceedings. Mr. Speaker, under New York City’s sanctuary city policy, a criminal alien who was an admitted gang member was allowed to leave Rikers Island after serving time for another offense. This was a particularly egregious case of how flaws in the system are serving gangs, but it also highlights the clear challenge under existing statutes. Under current law, the criminal alien’s selfadmission of gang affiliation is not reason enough to deport 
that individual. To be deported, the alien has to be convicted of another independent crime, even if he or she admits to being part of a gang. In Houston, two MS–13 members kidnapped three young girls, ultimately killing one. These individuals, gang members from El Salvador, were in the United States illegally. In yet another instance, a sheriff’s deputy in Frederick County, Maryland, was attacked by a known member of MS–13. This is disturbing on its own, but what makes it even more so is that the gang member had been previously apprehended and released by Customs and Border Patrol. For each of the stories I have shared with you today, there is another that I haven’t. The violent and brutal actions of transnational gangs operating on our soil have led to far too many tragedies as they prey on our vulnerable neighborhoods, recruit children, and commit unthinkable crimes. Mr. Speaker, let me also make it clear that these violent gangs are targeting immigrant communities. According to the police chief in Maryland, MS–13 has ratcheted up its extortion of immigrant families and businesses. The gang threatens not only the individuals in the United States, but their families back home if these lawabiding immigrant individuals don’t meet the gang’s demands. Concern for our fellow citizens tells us that we should not be admitting these individuals to our country, and we should be removing them when they commit crimes or yoke themselves to gangs that perpetrate violence. These criminal alien gang members should not be let back onto the streets to victimize more people while their immigration proceedings are ongoing, and they shouldn’t be allowed to exploit our laws to gain the benefits reserved for the vulnerable individuals seeking to enter our Nation. The Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act makes important strides in protecting the safety of our citizens and our communities. Mr. Speaker, we in this House are taking a stand against the senseless violence and lawlessness and the criminal enterprise that these gangs bring to our soil. We are strengthening our laws against transnational gangs and ensuring criminal alien gang members can and will be removed from this Nation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Georgia, my friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Mr. Speaker, I echo the sentiments of my friend from Georgia with reference to the ongoing recovery period that we are experiencing in region four, and I especially offer compliments to the Federal family of agencies that have been on the ground working in all of our region. Like my friend from Georgia, my home is without power, and we urge patience. The authorities are working with the utility companies and they really do have a lot of people on the ground, and it is expected that they will be able to restore power and we will be able to take the longrange view with reference to recovery. Certainly, we want to thank the first responders. The local authorities have been on their game at their best, as well as the National Oceanic Weather Service that has supplied a lot of information to all of us. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate the rule for H.R. 3697, the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. Today’s rule brings the number of closed rules for the 115th Congress to 42. In other words, more than 50 percent of the legislation coming out of the Rules Committee has been closed off from open and honest debate; closed off by my Republican friends. At the beginning of this Congress, we were told by my Republican colleagues and the Speaker that they would run the government and, more particularly, the people’s House in an open and transparent manner. They even championed regular order. Well, that spirit has clearly been jettisoned in favor of an overtly partisan approach to governing that is indeed unfortunate. By way of example, the bill we are discussing today was introduced last Thursday, brought to the Rules Committee last night, and is now going to be put before the House for a vote without the committee of jurisdiction holding one hearing on the bill or Members having the opportunity to offer their amendments, which is too bad, because this bill is really in desperate need of help. During our debate last night, one of my Republican colleagues on the Rules Committee posed three hypothetical situations and asked: If this bill were to become law, what effect the bill would have in those instances? Not surprisingly, the answers we got were confusing, convoluted, and contradictory. Now we find ourselves here today asking the entire membership of the people’s House to vote on something for which no one can honestly say they know what the unintended consequences would be if this bill were to become law. b1230 Bad process makes bad bills, and the process we have witnessed with this bill can’t get much worse. Mr. Speaker, challenged by their party’s leader, Donald John Trump, to fix DACA, House leadership, instead, brings this bill to the floor, a bill that does nothing but peddle in the politics of fear, a bill that purports to make communities safer, when all it does is serve red meat to the Republican base and foment xenophobia. Everyone in this House, everyone in this Nation, can agree that confronting and defeating the perpetrators of gang violence is a good and worthy goal. In fact, we already have laws on the books that do just that. We already have task forces on gangs in virtually all of our communities. This bill, on the other hand, will not make our communities safer. It will, however, undermine the rule of law in this country by betraying our commitment to the Constitution’s guarantee of due process. The bill is also glaringly pretextual in its approach and overbroad in its effect so that it can be seen as nothing other than yet another move to implement Donald John Trump’s promise to the Republican base to engage in mass deportation of immigrant communities across our country. Mr. Speaker, there is no doubt that our immigration system is in dire need of attention. It is also clear that we should approach our work in a manner that is fair to all Americans and compassionate toward those who have fled unbelievable violence and are seeking a better life here in the United States. We should be proud that we remain— despite the antiimmigrant rhetoric emanating from the White House—a beacon of hope for freedomloving people around the world, and we should remain welcoming upon their arrival. This, however, is not the tack taken by many of my Republican friends, and is certainly not the path taken by House leadership with today’s bill. As evidence of their approach, we need only to look at the despair the Republican Party has cast upon the 800,000 DREAMers who live in this country. Instead of finally making permanent the status of DREAMers in this country as full citizens, the first act the Republican majority takes after Donald John Trump tweeted that he would end DACA, then tweeted that he would revisit the issue in 6 months, the first thing that they did was to present a bill that is so broadly drafted that a group of five or more nuns could constitute a criminal gang in the eyes of the law. Indeed, the bill’s harboring provisions under section 274 of the Immigration and Nationality Act are, as Sister Simone Campbell said, ‘‘so sweeping that religious workers who provide shelter, transportation, or support to undocumented immigrants could be found liable of criminal activity. The Federal courts have found that ‘harboring’ includes offering a known undocumented individual a place to stay.’’ Sister Simone concluded with this salient point: ‘‘This statute has been used against religious workers in the past, and this bill tries to make it a weapon for the future.’’ Mr. Speaker, it was only a few short years ago that the Grand Old Party, in the wake of their electoral loss to President Barack Obama in 2012, issued their autopsy of what went wrong. That report concluded that Republicans must do a better job reaching out to Hispanic Americans. 
NETWORK ADVOCATES FOR  CATHOLIC SOCIAL JUSTICE . DEAR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES : Exactly one week ago, President Trump announced the termination of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, putting at risk the lives and wellbeing of undocumented immigrant youth who are valued members of our communities. DACA has protected nearly 800,000 immigrant youth from deportation and allowed them to work, attend school, and be publicly participating members of our communities. The President’s action threatens every DACA recipient and causes great anxiety. This anxiety exists not just with the DACA youth but also in the broader community. We all are concerned about their future and fear their deportation to a country they neither know nor call home. Today, rather than taking up President Trump’s challenge to ‘‘fix’’ DACA, the House Judiciary Committee is choosing instead to stir up politics of fear in our communities by proceeding with H.R. 3697 in an effort to criminalize the undocumented status of some members of our communities. Network Lobby for Catholic Social Justice strongly urges Members of the House to vote NO on H.R. 3697. The faith community has vigorously opposed any bill that would promote the Trump Administration’s stated goal of engaging in ‘‘mass deportation’’ of immigrants. The Trump agenda seeks to allow for the detention and removal of large numbers of immigrants without any criminal records. H.R. 3697 is just the latest bill targeted to achieve this goal. The bill purports to make communities safer by targeting the deportation of people involved in criminal activity in gangs. However, it is poorly drafted and overboard with sweeping generalizations. It even allows for the removal of individuals based on the mere subjective belief of an association to criminal activity. There is no requirement of a criminal conviction for deportation. This violates any principle of fairness as well as the Constitution’s guarantee of due process. As people of faith, we are called to love our neighbor and welcome the stranger. As such, we stand in solidarity with all people including our immigrant sisters and brothers. Catholic Sisters have a long history of work with immigrant communities and a commitment to their safety and security. Under this bill, religious workers who are engaged in immigrant ministry could be subject to prosecution. The bill’s harboring provisions under INA 274 are so sweeping that religious workers who provide shelter, transportation or support to undocumented immigrants could be found liable of criminal activity. The federal courts have found that ‘‘harboring’’ includes offering a known undocumented individual a place to stay. This statute has been used against religious workers in the past, and this bill tries to make it a weapon for the future. It is time for Congress to stop playing games with the lives of our immigrant sisters and brothers. The real problem Congress should be working on today is an effort to pass the bipartisan Dream Act of 2017 championed by Congresswoman RosLehtinen (R– FL) and Congresswoman RoybalAllard (D– CA). That bill has broad support from the faith community and is a substantive improvement to our fractured immigration system. We urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3697. It is poorly drafted legislation that would increase the disruption in our communities! Instead, work for the common good and take up H.R. 3440 and pass the bipartisan Dream Act. Faith and patriotism demand it. Sincerely, SISTER SIMONE CAMPBELL , SSS, Executive Director, NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice. 
This is really not the American way. It is unproductive. It doesn’t keep us any safer, and it doesn’t do anything about MS–13. I would hope that we could vote ‘‘no’’ on this rule and that we could, instead, sit down together, reason together, come up with a plan that actually does something about gang violence. I am sure that, if we work together, we could come up with a bill that meets the requirements of the Constitution; that is targeted towards gang members, not nuns; and that actually makes our country safer. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HASTINGS  for allowing my comments on this. I think the bill is mistitled, and it would be a mistake to allow it to proceed without further changes. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY). Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation, H.R. 3697, the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE and my fellow Judiciary Committee colleagues for prioritizing cracking down on illegal immigration in the committee this year. All the time, I hear from constituents who are frustrated by this country’s unwillingness to address our illegal immigration problem. They are also fed up with hearing politicians promise to do something about it, only to offer excuses later. Mr. Speaker, I believe this Congress and this administration have shown, over the last 9 months, that we are willing to do something about illegal immigration, and this legislation is a great example of our commitment to addressing this problem. When it comes to cracking down on illegal immigration, I believe most of us agree that we should start by targeting dangerous criminals who put Americans at risk. H.R. 3697 is a commonsense measure that does just that by amending existing law to combat gang violence by criminal aliens. Many Americans may hear this and wonder: ‘‘What gang violence?’’ The most notorious LatinAmerican gang is known as MS–13, which began in the 1980s, and has grown to an estimated 8,000 members in the United States. They have a violent history of organized crime in the areas of drug trafficking, kidnapping, human smuggling, sex trafficking, murder, assassinations, blackmail, and extortion. To give you an idea of just how violent MS–13 is, the English translation of their motto is: ‘‘Kill, steal, rape, control.’’ Mr. Speaker, gangs of criminal aliens are terrorizing American communities, and it is our responsibility to do something about it. H.R. 3697 will amend the law to finally make a person’s history of involvement in a criminal gang grounds for inadmissibility into this country—that means involvement in drugs, sex trafficking, kidnapping, murder, or any other awful crime spelled out in the law. b1245 This bill would also allow law enforcement agents to automatically detain and deport anyone found to be a criminal alien gang member. Our first priority must be to keep Americans safe. Our laws and policies should reflect our commitment to this responsibility. H.R. 3697 makes it crystal clear that criminal alien gang members are not welcome in this country, and if they should find themselves here, we are dedicated to getting them off the street. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the DREAM Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation would help thousands of young people who are Americans in every way except on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BARTON ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SA´NCHEZ ) to discuss our proposal. My good friend is the distinguished vice chair of the Democratic Caucus. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, today’s bill that is on the floor is nothing more than a harsh measure that seeks to cast a broad net and cast immigrants in general in a poor light by labeling them criminals based on the suspicions but not the actual facts. What is more, this harsh and reckless measure provides virtually no procedural safeguards for people to challenge a police officer’s opinion as to whether or not they are involved in a gang. A mere suspicion can mean that somebody can be facing removal. Instead of dealing with such draconian legislation, we should really be talking about the positive contributions that immigrants make to this country and the fact that we have over 800,000 DREAMers in this country who are waiting for this Congress to act. They have been hoping and they have been waiting for years for this Congress to provide a legislative solution to allow them to continue to live in their communities, to contribute to the economy, to pay taxes, and to be a part of a country that they consider their own. Many of these DREAMers were brought to this country as children, and they had no say in the matter. They speak the language here, not even that of their home countries of birth. Many of them have no families or ties there. Many of them are outstanding students who are studying law, medicine, and engineering. They want to put their talents to work for this country, and yet here today we are talking about a bill that would basically seek to condemn all immigrants as gang members and try to deport them as quickly as possible. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter by the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops in opposition to the bill that we are debating today and in support of allowing DREAMers a legislative path to remain in this country, to continue to serve in the military to fight and die for this country, to put their Godgiven natural talents to work to pay into the system, and to generate good economic results. 
COMMITTEE ON MIGRATION , M IGRATION AND REFUGEE SERVICES , USCCB, Washington, DC, September 12, 2017. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : I write on behalf of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops’ Committee on Migration (USCCB/COM) to express our serious concern regarding H.R. 3697, the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act,’’ which is being considered by the full House for a vote this Wednesday, September 13, 2017. We urge you to reject H.R. 3697 as it is a very broad bill that could contribute to victims of criminal gangs facing detention and being barred from seeking protection in the U.S. The Catholic Church has significant interest in the protection of vulnerable immigrants and asylum seekers. The Catholic Church’s work in assisting immigrants stems from the belief that every person is created in God’s image and should be treated with dignity and compassion. While the Catholic Church recognizes governments’ sovereign right to control their borders, we believe this right should be balanced with the right of immigrants to access safety and due process. Jesus himself was a migrant, and the Holy Family, a migrant family fleeing persecution from King Herod. The USCCB works to fulfill the teachings of the Church on migration through our work providing resettlement services to refugees, services to unaccompanied immigrant children, and case management services to human trafficking victims in the United States. Violence in El Salvador, Honduras, and Guatemala (the Northern Triangle of Central America) remains the primary force driving citizens to flee and seek protection. We have seen firsthand from our work with unaccompanied children and their families the increasing threat posed by gangs and forcible gang recruitment in the Northern Triangle. Moreover, the United Nations’ refugeeprotection agency (UNHCR) found that the majority of children fleeing the Northern Triangle ‘‘were forcibly displaced because they suffered or faced harms that indicated a potential or actual need for international protection.’’ Alarmingly, however, H.R. 3697, would deny critical protection to many of these children and their families. H.R. 3697 establishes both an expansive definition of ‘‘criminal gang’’ and a low threshold for association with such a group. The bill allows those whom the government merely has ‘‘reason to believe’’ have ever been gang members or those who have participated in any activities of a designated group as inadmissible, deportable and subject to mandatory detention. Additionally, because of such a perceived ‘‘association’’ by 
the government, these individuals would be unable to access several vital forms of legal relief, including asylum, Temporary Protected Status, and Special Immigrant Juvenile Status. Given these severe consequences, we are particularly concerned that H.R. 3697 provides no exemption for children or other individuals who were victims of gangs and or individuals who were forced to engage in gangrelated activities under duress. We fear that under H.R. 3697 there will be victimized children who will be considered ‘‘associated’’ with criminal gangs. This concern is reinforced by the stories of the children we serve daily. They are children like Mariana who was 16 when the local gang began to target and harass her in her home country of El Salvador. Mariana lived in constant fear after the gang began to threaten her and her family, ultimately forcing her to smuggle a package of drugs to another neighborhood in El Salvador. After this incident, Mariana fled to the U.S. to escape the growing daily threat of the gang and also to avoid forcible recruitment. Mariana is living with her mother now while she complies with her immigration proceedings. Sadly, we know Mariana is just one of many children from the Northern Triangle trying to flee gang violence. H.R. 3697 would deny such children safety, forcibly returning them to situations where their wellbeing and even their lives would be at risk. We should not be turning our back on children and families who have fallen victim to and are fleeing from the very criminal organizations which our country is so diligently working to eradicate. Rather, these victims are deserving of our compassion, care, and protection and should be encouraged to tell their stories so that we may adequately bolster our prevention and child protection work. Our committee understands and appreciates your commitment to the safety and security of our nation. H.R. 3697, however, is not the answer. We must resist the urge to mischaracterize and mislabel victims in search of a safe haven. We urge you to reject H.R. 3697 and instead work towards immigration reform that addresses root causes and safe repatriation and integration. And we pray that the all victims of criminal gangs— regardless of their immigration status—find peace and justice. Sincerely, Most Rev. JOES. V A´SQUEZ , Chairman, USCCB Committee on Migration. 
Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Mr. Speaker, if you look at the class of DREAMers today that contribute to this country, many of them work and go to school. Many of them are breadwinners for their families. They want to stay, and yet we have given them no opportunity to do so. They are patriotic, they are talented, and what they contribute to our country economically is tremendous. If you think about the number of DREAMers who have bank accounts, who have credit cards, and who purchase goods that are produced here in the United States, to simply embark on a path of mass deportations isn’t going to help our economy, and it is going to rip apart these families. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Ms. SA´NCHEZ. Speaker RYAN and House Republicans need to decide whether they will be complicit in the Trump administration’s cowardly assault on DREAMers and immigrants or whether they will join the overwhelming majority of Americans in calling on Congress to protect these courageous and patriotic young people from the Trump administration’s mass deportation agenda. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please vote ‘‘no’’ on the underlying bill and please stop giving lip service to these talented young people. Provide them with a path to hope and a path to be able to contribute to this country. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I would advise my friend from Florida that I have no more speakers on this side, and I am ready to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  statements in opposition to H.R. 3697 by the American Civil Liberties Union, the Asian Americans Advancing Justice, the Service Employees International Union, and the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda. 
AMERICAN CIVILLIBERTIES UNION, Washington, DC, September 12, 2017. Re vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3697, the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act’’. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and our nearly two million members and supporters, we urge members of the House to oppose H.R. 3697 which is expected to be brought up for a floor vote as early as Thursday, September 14. The American Civil Liberties Union recommends a NO vote on this bill because it will promote widespread racial profiling, violate First Amendment protections, expand mandatory detention of immigrants, raise serious constitutional questions on judicial review of government designations of certain groups, and bar humanitarian relief for individuals in violation of international treaties. H.R. 3697 will promote widespread racial profiling, risking violation of individuals’ Fifth Amendment equal protection rights. H.R. 3697 will empower the immigration authorities to conduct dragnet sweeps of Latino communities and other communities of color. Media reports make clear that law enforcement has recently relied on questionable and unreliable evidence to assert that Latino individuals are gang members, including wearing certain kinds of clothes or doodling an area code from a Latin American country on a school notebook. Officers have alleged gang membership sometimes based on merely being seen with people who are alleged gang members or living in neighborhoods known to suffer gang activity. This bill gives DHS the latitude to arrest, detain, and deport noncitizens including longtime green card holders for the ‘‘crime’’ of living in an immigrant neighborhood or showing pride in their countries of origin. Gang databases informationsharing arrangements between local law enforcement and federal immigration authorities are flawed, inaccurate, encourage biased policing, and have been repeatedly shown to be unreliable. Gang databases have extremely low thresholds for inclusion: simply living in a neighborhood where there are gang members or talking to people who are gang members often results in a young person being placed in a gang database. An audit of California’s gang database CalGangs found that law enforcement could not substantiate a significant proportion of their entries into the gang database. Reliance on gang databases will only further encourage racial profiling of young men of color living in poor neighborhoods. H.R. 3697 seeks to deport immigrants based on a mere ‘‘reason to believe’’ that they have been involved in gang activities. This overly broad designation could sweep up individuals who have not engaged in criminal activity. Indeed, in many cases, H.R. 3697 could make immigrants deportable for activities protected by the First Amendment. H.R. 3697 subjects an individual to deportation if the Secretary of Homeland Security or Attorney General ‘‘knows or has reason to believe’’ that an individual is a gang member. A person is also subject to deportation, if, the individual has ‘‘participated in the activities’’ of the ‘‘gang’’ knowing or having reason to know that their activities will ‘‘promote, further, aid or support’’ the illegal activity. This expansive language could sweep up people who have committed no criminal activity whatsoever. Even worse, H.R. 3697 risks making people deportable for activities that are constitutionally protected under the First Amendment. ‘‘Reason to believe’’ is an exceedingly low standard of proof that will subject people to deportation based on mere probable cause of gang involvement. This is especially troubling given the lack of strict rules of evidence in immigration court, where individuals may be deemed gang members based on hearsay. H.R. 3697 includes no exception for offenses committed as a juvenile. However, the Supreme Court has recognized the broad legal consensus that juveniles should be held to different standards of culpability. H.R. 3697 also includes no exception for having ‘‘participated in the activities of a gang under duress, which is a wellrecognized defense against criminal conduct. Many vulnerable individuals may have ‘‘participated in the activities’’ of a gang under coercion, including for fear of their lives or those of their family members. It raises serious due process concerns to subject individuals to removability based on such conduct. H.R. 3697 grants the Department of Homeland Security massive discretion to designate a group as a ‘‘criminal gang’’, based on secret evidence, and without meaningful judicial review, which raises serious constitutional questions. H.R. 3697 creates a vague and overbroad definition of a ‘‘criminal gang’’ that sweeps in lawful and constitutionally protected conduct. H.R. 3697 grants the Secretary of Homeland extraordinarily broad discretion to designate a group a ‘‘criminal gang’’, based on ‘‘classified’’ or ex parte evidence that the designated individuals may not access, even in a court challenge. The Government’s ability to rely on secret evidence to make and defend the gang designation raises serious due process concerns. H.R. 3697 also bars individuals from ‘‘rais[ing] any question concerning the validity of [a gang designation]’’ in their own removal proceedings. H.R. 3697 provides little to no opportunity to challenge for those unjustly subject to a gang designation. A group cannot petition for revocation for two years after the designation, during which time alleged members cannot challenge the validity of that designation in removal proceedings—thereby punishing and deporting individuals over facts they cannot challenge. Similarly, groups have 30 days to file a legal challenge to the designation in court, but that judicial review cannot prevent other pieces of the act from moving forward, such as removal proceedings, until there is a final order from the 
court. Whether petitioning for revocation or challenging a designation in court, this act has the effect of punishing and removing individuals without providing sufficient options for recourse or redress. H.R. 3697 bars important forms of humanitarian relief for individuals fleeing persecution and children facing situations of abuse, which violates U.S. treaty obligations and raises serious constitutional concerns. At the same time, H.R. 3697 bars individuals accused of gang involvement from asylum and withholding of removal, thus stripping individuals fleeing persecution—including potentially thousands of individuals fleeing gang violence in Central America—from refuge in the United States. H.R. 3697 thus violates U.S. obligations under the Refugee Convention and the international law prohibition of nonrefoulement, or the return of individuals to situations where they will face persecution or torture. H.R. 3697 would also strip children accused of gang involvement of eligibility for Special Immigrant Juvenile Status (SIJS), which provides immigration relief to children facing abuse and neglect. To deport these children would be cruel and irrational when many of the children applying for SIJS have come to the U.S. to flee gang violence in Central America. H.R. 3697 irrationally strips individuals of Temporary Protected Status (TPS) which is an important humanitarian protection for noncitizens. H.R. 3697 expands the scope of mandatory detention, in violation of the Fifth Amendment’s Due Process Clause. H.R. 3697 would require the mandatory detention of immigrants accused of gang involvement, without the basic due process of a bond hearing to determine if the person even needs to be locked up in the first place. H.R. 3697 would impose mandatory detention on individuals who seek asylum at a portofentry—many of whom are fleeing gang violence in Central America—by eliminating parole for asylum seekers accused of gang ties. The detention provisions raise serious due process concerns. As the Supreme Court has held, ‘‘[i]n our society, liberty is the norm, and detention prior to trial or without trial is the carefully limited exception.’’ Although the Supreme Court has upheld limited periods of mandatory immigration detention where Congress found certain categories of noncitizens to pose a heightened flight risk or risk to public safety, H.R. 3697 sweeps far beyond what is constitutionally permissible. Separate from any relationship with gang affiliation, the TPSspecific provisions of the legislation revise the statute to allow the government to detain noncitizens with TPS ‘‘whenever appropriate under any provision of law.’’ This potentially raises the specter that noncitizens who have been granted protection by our government could languish in detention for prolonged periods of time, in violation of due process. The detention provisions are a massive waste of taxpayer dollars. The immigration authorities already have full authority to detain any individual pending a removal proceeding. Individuals remain in detention unless they meet their burden of proving, either to an immigration judge at a bond hearing or to an ICE office make a parole determination, that they pose no flight risk or danger to the community. For the above reasons the ACLU urges a NO vote on H.R. 3697, the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Removal Act.’’ Regards, FAIZSHAKIR , Director, Washington Legislative Office. LORELLA PRAELI , Director of Immigration Policy and Campaigns. ASIAN AMERICANS  ADVANCING JUSTICE . VOTE‘‘NO’’ ONH.R. 3697 ‘‘C RIMINAL ALIEN GANGMEMBERS REMOVAL ACT’’ DEARMEMBER OF CONGRESS : Asian Americans Advancing Justice—AAJC urges you to vote NO on H.R. 3697, the Criminal Alien Gang Members Removal Act. H.R. 3697 is unnecessary and would criminalize immigrants without any due process protections. Department of Homeland Security personnel would have broad authority to designate someone as a gang member without adequate justification or due process. Additionally, it is shameful that this bill is going to the house floor but the DREAM Act is not. Congress should not vote on any immigration legislation until the Dream Act is signed into law. Less than a week ago, President Trump crossed a moral line in terminating the DACA program and leaving 800,000 immigrant youth vulnerable to deportation. When DACA is fully terminated on March 5, 1,400 Dreamers a day will lose their ability to work legally and stay in the United States. Congress must act to protect immigrant youth immediately—not to endorse legislation that promotes racial profiling and further criminalizes immigrant youth. H.R. 3697 creates an overly broad definition of a ‘‘criminal gang’’ by allowing DHS to designate any individual as a gang member. This bill raises a host of due process concerns. It would allow ICE to target people who may or may not appear to be in a gang and charge all those who seem in any way connected to the individual members of the gang. This bill includes new expansive powers to deport and block individuals from entering the U.S. and requires mandatory detention of anyone suspected of being in a gang. This bill bars individuals from asylum, withholding of removal, TPS, and SIJS. The mandatory bar would result in individuals who only have a vague connection to a potential gang member being barred from live saving protection in the U.S. Children arriving unaccompanied from Central America are fleeing gang violence, not bringing it. Skyrocketing levels of gender, family, and gang violence in these countries leave youths with no choice but to flee or face gang recruitment, sexual and gender based atrocities, or murder. The United Nations refugee agency has found that the majority of children coming to the southern border merit protection under international law. Members of Congress cannot say they support Dreamers and at the same time vote for measures like H.R. 3697 that scapegoats immigrant kids as criminals. Please vote NO on H.R. 3697. 
SERVICE EMPLOYEES  INTERNATIONAL UNION, Washington, DC, September 13, 2017. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the two million members of the Service Employees International Union (SEIU), I urge you to oppose H.R. 3697, the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. The bill includes an overbroad definition of gangs and gang membership that would extend to efforts by good samaritans to help immigrants in need. It also fails to establish adequate due process standards to allow groups that are falsely identified as gangs to challenge the designation. Furthermore, it would require mandatory detention and would eliminate core immigration relief for persons that the Department of Homeland Security or the Department of Justice ‘‘has reason to believe’’ may be a gang member. Those affected are likely to include many gang victims who often are erroneously included in gang databases. In addition to being far too broad, H.R. 3697 would do little to reduce gang activity and could actually be counterproductive. The bill focuses on driving immigrants further underground, but that will make community policing and proven gang prevention activities harder, and the bill will have no impact on the majority of gang members who are U.S. citizens. We therefore strongly urge a no vote on H.R. 3697, and may include this vote on our legislative scorecard. Sincerely, JOHNGRAY, Legislative Director. 
NATIONAL HISPANIC  LEADERSHIP AGENDA , Washington, DC, September 12, 2017. Re NHLA Opposition to H.R. 3697, Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : We write on behalf of the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda (NHLA), a coalition of 45 leading national Latino nonpartisan civil rights and advocacy organizations, to strongly urge you to vote against H.R. 3697, Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act. This bill further entrenches a national narrative that immigrants and Latinos are criminals. To vote on this bill on the heels of the President’s decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program sends a clear message to our communities that we are unwelcome. NHLA recommends a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 3697, and any similar legislation, including amendments and cloture votes. NHLA will closely monitor any votes on these matters for inclusion in future NHLA scorecards evaluating Member support for the Latino community. The purpose of legislation like this is to categorize immigrants and Latinos as dangerous criminals, by making sweeping, false generalizations and assumptions about these populations. Studies repeatedly have shown that immigrants are less likely to be incarcerated than nativeborn Americans, less likely to commit crimes, and less likely to be repeat offenders. Meanwhile, the damage to immigrant and Latino communities is clear. Latinos are already reporting fewer crimes in major cities as a result of the toxic political rhetoric against Latinos and immigrants under the current administration. This proposal only serves to paint immigrants and Latinos with a broad brush as gangsters and lawbreakers. H.R. 3697 creates a new definition under the Immigration and Nationality Act for the term ‘‘criminal gang,’’ and would severely penalize individuals determined by the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security or the Attorney General to allegedly be a member of a criminal gang. This is troubling legislation for a few reasons. The expansive definition of what constitutes a ‘‘criminal gang’’ and ‘‘criminal gang activity’’ in this bill will open the door to racial profiling and lead to the criminalization of individuals who have never supported criminal behavior. The bill empowers government officials to arrest, detain, and deport any noncitizens, even lawful permanent residents, who have not been found guilty of any crime under the law, raising serious due process concerns. H.R. 3697 sets an alarmingly low evidentiary standard, whereby government officials can deport noncitizens who they ‘‘know or ha[ve] reason to believe’’ are ganginvolved. Another due process concern is that once a noncitizen receives a 
gangclassification, they may be unable to apply for any legitimate relief. For example, one would be disqualified from applying for Temporary Protected Status or Special Immigrant Juvenile Status, even in cases where the child was forced to join a gang at gunpoint, as is often the case with minors fleeing Central America. For people fleeing genderbased violence, which is occurring with much more frequency in Central America, barriers to forms of relief or protection are particularly acute as many are often forced to join gangs to save their lives. H.R. 3697 sends a dangerous message to the country in a time when our elected officials must be standing against nativist messages, not catering to them. This bill does nothing but criminalize immigrants and bar those who have credible asylum claims from the safe haven they need. To the extent Congress seeks to address the issue of gangs in the U.S. and abroad, it must do so after careful study and with smart policy. H.R. 3697 is neither well studied nor smart. Rather, it is a misguided effort to broaden the scope of those who will be accused of gang membership and to prohibit future relief from individuals based merely on association or unreliable indicators of gang membership, or to those who were forced into gang membership under duress. Those who have never been convicted, those who are not gang members, and even those who have been extorted in an effort to save a loved one’s life will be punished. In the process, immigrants and Latinos will continue to suffer the brutal consequences of policies that criminalize our communities and stereotype our people as nothing more than gang members. It is clear that this bill is intended to further demonize immigrants and will not serve to make communities safer, especially considering that law enforcement already has mechanisms in place to track gang activity. This Congress has not only shirked its responsibility to effectively address the problems with our broken immigration system, but it is consistently moving our country in the wrong direction by fostering space for dangerous and xenophobic rhetoric and policy. Nonetheless, this body can truly make meaningful change in the immigration landscape by supporting efforts to provide a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants like DREAMers who have contributed so much to our country. We urge you to vote no on H.R. 3697. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, THOMAS A. S AENZ , MALDEF, President and General Counsel, NHLA Immigration Committee Co Chair. JOSECALDERO ´N, Hispanic Federation, President, NHLA Immigration Committee CoChair. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, my friend on the other side of the aisle is a multitalented person. In addition to his curriculum vitae, he carries with him the mantle of being a man of the cloth. I know he knows Matthew 25:35. It is oft quoted, and we do well to remember it. Among the things that are said in that verse are: ‘‘For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me.’’ This sentiment must be our guiding principle, our North Star, as we work to repair our broken immigration system. Today’s bill is in total opposition to this sentiment as it works to demonize, with one broad, careless, and probably unconstitutional stroke, an entire group of people, the vast majority of whom simply wish to find refuge from immense hardship in their country of origin. My Republican friends should take yet another in a long line of legislative mulligans on this bill and come to the table ready to work in a sensible way to fix our immigration system. I would suggest they could start by bringing the DREAM Act to the floor for an up ordown vote. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule and the underlying bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I believe today’s debate has made this very clear. We are talking about gang members from some of the most violent gangs in the world. We are talking about removing members of those gangs that are in this country and are attempting to come to this country illegally. We are a nation of laws. It is our duty to uphold those laws and to strengthen those laws when necessary. This is a time when it is necessary. We are not talking about singling out certain community groups, religious groups, or lawabiding citizens as someone said on the other side or would have you believe. We are talking about strengthening and enforcing our laws against known criminal alien gang members who are putting our communities at risk and threatening our citizens and legal residents. The Federal Government’s highest responsibility is to protect the safety of our Nation and the American people. Cracking down on illegal criminal alien gang members is one critical way we can do that. The Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act takes important strides to better combat gang violence, and I look forward to supporting this rule and the underlying bill to strengthen public safety and uphold the rule of law. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Rule governing debate of H.R. 3697, the ‘‘Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act of 2017’’, and the underlying bill. I oppose this unwise and irresponsible legislation because regular order was not observed in bringing this bill to the floor, the bill contains several constitutional and procedural defects, and is an unnecessary diversion and distraction from the real issues facing the American people. As Ranking Member of the House Judiciary Crime Subcommittee, I am highly disappointed that this bill was rushed to the floor without any thorough and thoughtful consideration by the Judiciary Committee. In particular, there was no markup or hearing on this legislation that has such wide ranging and profound effect on a mass scale. This bill extends the definition of ‘‘criminal gangs’’ as defined under 18 USC section 521, and amends the INA to now include a definition for criminal gangs as: An ongoing group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more persons that has as one of its primary purposes the commission of certain listed offenses, including: —a felony drug offense, including felony simple possession of marijuana (this would impact high school kids who may gather to smoke marijuana); —bringing in and harboring certain aliens (this would cover sanctuary sites like churches that aid undocumented immigrants); —identity fraud offenses (including knowingly possessing a false identity document); —crimes involving obstruction of justice; and burglary. A bill of this nature where the consequences are so severe to many innocent parties, including a 13 or 14 year old juvenile, demands a more robust dialogue with a prudent and judicious approach. As legislators on the Judiciary Committee, we argue vigorously on behalf of the American people, as is the case in any other Committee; and in doing so, we will sometimes disagree. So to suggest that we would not have been able to debate the merits of this bill, so instead bypass the regular process is disheartening. Are we passionate about the issues that impact our legislative process, governance, and the American people? Yes we are! And we will continue to probe vigorously, as a legislative body having jurisdiction, notwithstanding the subject matter. We will not stay quiet as to not offend a few when so many issues with catastrophic consequences may result if we don’t speak up. So Mr. Speaker I make no apologies for doing my job and questioning where necessary on behalf of the American people. We should be having vigorous debate on matters such as jobs, schools, health care, victims of Charlottesville, victims of climate change, building bridges, healing broken communities, and bringing this country together for ‘all’ the American people, we are instead debating a damaged bill in order to advance the President’s campaign promise on mass deportation, thus, distracting us from the people’s business. We are also uniting in protecting the American people against violent crime. I care deeply about crime as Ranking Member of the Judiciary Crime Subcommittee, thus, if we want to have that debate here on the floor, let’s have a wholesome conversation. The FBI reports some 33,000 violent street gangs, motorcycle gangs, and prison gangs with about 1.4 million members that are criminally active in the U.S. and Puerto Rico today. Many are sophisticated and well organized; all use violence to control neighborhoods and boost their illegal moneymaking activities, which include robbery, drug and gun trafficking, prostitution and human trafficking, and fraud. Striking, for this conversation, in these 33,000 street gangs, a significantly larger percentage were non illegal immigrants, as this bill’s objective purports. Some of those street gangs include: 211 Crew, American Front, Aryan Brotherhood of Texas, Aryan Circle, Aryan Nation, Aryan Republican Army, Born to Kill, Dead Man Incorporated, European Kindred, just to name a few here that are mainly white supremacist 
gang groups. We could go on, as gangs are found everywhere, in almost every ethnic group. As a result, I oppose this Rule and the underlying bill for several reasons; first, it has a discriminatory effect in targeting the immigrant community by criminalizing immigration, and thereby, raises due process and racial profiling concerns. I offered an amendment which would have cured this defect by requiring a uniform legal standard in the Secretary of Homeland Security’s designation of ‘criminal street gang’ for purposes of ICE enforcement. Based on the government’s own data via the FBI, it is clear that criminal street gangs are not exclusively limited to the immigrant community. Second, I oppose this Rule because the bill has a sweeping effect that will criminalize and/ or deport anyone remotely connected to a supposed gang member, even where there is no conviction and alarmingly, no arrest. My second amendment would raise the standard of proof from a mere belief that someone is associated with a criminal street gang, to clear and convincing evidence. This bill lacks a constitutional construct for how Homeland Security is to determine its designation of a ‘criminal street gang’. That is why I offered my third amendment, which would have required a uniform legal standard which will govern the identification of Criminal Street gang members for purposes of ICE enforcement. According to this bill, ‘any’ immigrant, including minors, such as a 13 or 14 year old juvenile, would be subject to the harsh penalties of detention and deportation. If we begin to criminalize people merely for their associations, then we are heading down a terribly dark road. Statistics show that the brain does not fully develop until the age of 25, and thus to punish juveniles for the mere associations they may have, is a bad idea and bad legislation. According to the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention recent report, nationally, 48,043 juvenile offenders were held in residential placement facilities as of October 28, 2015. Due to this bill’s vague nature, it would add to that alarming number, and further complicate mass incarceration. This bill would capture individuals, even those with permanent residence status, so long as the government believes the individual is associated with a criminal street gang. My amendments attempted to fix some of the glaring defects in this bill. In its current form, the bill is bad for our country and does not keep our communities safe, but instead does the opposite. For all the reasons stated above, I oppose this Rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 222, nays 184, not voting 27, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—27 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Costa Crowley Curbelo (FL) DeLauro Demings DiazBalart Engel Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Maloney, Carolyn B. McEachin Mitchell Palmer Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tiberi Webster (FL) 
b1320 Mr. WALZ changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. WALDEN changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 222, noes 186, not voting 25, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Costa Curbelo (FL) DeLauro Demings DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Maloney, Carolyn B. McEachin Mitchell Perry Poe (TX) 
Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Rutherford Scalise Tiberi Webster (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I proudly rise to pay tribute to a cherished member of my staff, my chief of staff, Nadeam Elshami. My office, my colleagues, indeed, the entire Democratic Caucus, has benefited from the sharp strategic insight, steady judgment, and exceptional character and integrity of Nadeam Elshami. Born in Nashville, spent some time in Egypt, earning his college degree in Indiana, Nadeam followed the love of his life, Stacy, to Washington, D.C. Here, 25 years ago, Nadeam found a job in the Senate mailroom. Now, he departs as a trusted senior adviser who holds one of the top positions on Capitol Hill, who holds the respect of Members on both sides of the aisle, on both sides of the Capitol, and, indeed, even down Pennsylvania Avenue. Nadeam has been an invaluable asset in every office he has served: for Senator Barbara Boxer; for Assistant Democratic Leader DICK DURBIN ; proudly, in our House, for Congresswoman JANSCHAKOWSKY ; and for me, in my office, where he has worked for 10 years. We are deeply grateful for Nadeam’s wise counsel, his skill as a manager, and his grace under pressure in some of the most highstakes matters to come before the Congress and the American people. He has played a vital role in improving the lives of America’s working families. He has distinguished himself with the respect that Members have for his judgment, discretion, and ability. In conclusion, Nadeam’s exceptional service entailed sacrifice, not only from him, but from his beautiful family. We are especially grateful to Nadeam for the patience, love, and support of his wife, Stacy, who is here with us today. Thank you, Stacy. I hope that all the spouses of our staff recognize that recognition for Stacy, which applies to them, as well. And his children, Jena, Noah, and Layla. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to please join me in thanking my chief of staff, a man who has served the United States Congress with honor and distinction for more than 25 years: Nadeam Elshami. TRIBUTE TO NADEAM ELSHAMI (Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, it is not often that I say this, but I rise today to agree wholeheartedly with the Democratic leader. I know that what we do in this Chamber is often portrayed as just nothing but bitterly partisan. But in reality, making this place work, making this institution work, it really actually does depend on cooperation across the aisle every day: between our leaders, between our floor teams, and especially between our chiefs of staff. I can tell you that Nadeam has always been first class. He can be as formidable as they come, but he is always fair, and he is always straightforward. His word is good, and that really is everything. It sets a tone of civility as we go about trying to address the big pressing issues of the day. Mr. Speaker, I would say, especially to the staff, the example that Nadeam sets goes far beyond being the chief of staff. Here is a guy who started in the mailroom in the United States Senate and rose to one of the top positions in all of Congress. It is an incredible rise. To put 25 years here certainly takes a deep commitment to public service. It takes a willingness to be in the arena and take everything that comes with that. It takes passing over endless great opportunities, even as you watch people around you move on. And, most of all, it takes the love and support of a beautiful family. Stacy, thank you for being here today. None of us would be here without the sacrifices that our loved ones make so we can serve and do good. Nadeam, I just want you to know, from this side of the aisle, you will leave here with the respect of your colleagues, you will leave here with the respect of the Members, and, what is most impressive, you will leave here even with respect from the media. On behalf of the whole House, I want to congratulate you and thank you for your 25 years to the Congress. You have devoted yourself to making this institution, and this country, better. Thank you so much, and we wish you every bit of success in the future. Thank you, Nadeam. 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 504 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 3354. Will the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ) kindly resume the chair. b1336 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, with Mr. HULTGREN  (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, September 12, 2017, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 187 printed in House Report 115–297, offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), had been postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–297 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 73 by Mr. MULLIN of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 74 by Mr. MULLIN of Oklahoma. Amendment No. 75 by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. Amendment No. 76 by Mr. POLIS of Colorado. Amendment No. 77 by Mr. NORMAN of South Carolina. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 218, noes 195, not voting 20, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Costa Curbelo (FL) DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk McEachin Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Watson Coleman 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1341 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 225, noes 186, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bishop (GA) Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Costa Curbelo (FL) DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Hoyer Lawson (FL) Loudermilk McEachin Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Watson Coleman 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1345 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 201, noes 212, not voting 20, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—20 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Costa Curbelo (FL) DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk McEachin Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Watson Coleman 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1351 Messrs. RICHMOND, TAKANO, NOLAN, and TIPTON changed their votes from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 198, noes 212, not voting 23, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Dunn Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—23 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Comstock Costa Curbelo (FL) DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Graves (MO) Hudson Lawson (FL) Loudermilk McEachin Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Watson Coleman 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1354 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained and missed a vote. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 491. 
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 151, noes 260, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson Pittenger Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Tenney Thornberry Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—260 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCarthy McCollum McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) 
Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth 
Bridenstine Castor (FL) Clyburn Costa Curbelo (FL) DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Gonzalez (TX) Graves (MO) LaHood Lawson (FL) Loudermilk McEachin Poe (TX) Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Watson Coleman 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1358 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Chair, I mistakenly cast a ‘‘no’’ vote on rollcall vote 492. While I am counted as a ‘‘no’’ vote, I intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 175 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 175 printed in House Report 115–297 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 176 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 176 printed in House Report 115–297 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 504, and as the designee of Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , I rise to offer en bloc No. 5 as part of the consideration of division D of H.R. 3354. The list of amendments included in the en bloc is at the desk and has been agreed to by both sides. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendments en bloc. Amendments en bloc No. 5 consisting of amendment Nos. 194, 197, 202, 209, 210, 214, 215, 216, 217, 219, 220, and 224 printed in House Report 115–297, offered by Mr. GRAVES of Georgia: 
AMENDMENT NO . 194 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER OF  
NEW HAMPSHIRE  Page 383, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $874,000)’’. Page 385, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,028,000)’’. Page 421, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,902,000)’’. Page 424, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,902,000)’’. Page 424, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,902,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 197 OFFERED BY MRS . MURPHY  
OF FLORIDA  Page 443, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 447, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 202 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO OF  
FLORIDA  Page 360, line 4, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’ before ‘‘shall’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 210 OFFERED BY MR . KUSTOFF  
OF TENNESSEE  Page 384, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 421, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 424, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 214 OFFERED BY MR . SCHNEIDER  
OF ILLINOIS  Page 348, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 443, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 447, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $4,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 215 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
OF CONNECTICUT  Page 361, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 216 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM OF NEW MEXICO  Page 446, line 17, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 447, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
COMSTOCK OF VIRGINIA  Page 384, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 421, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 424, line 4, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 219 OFFERED BY MR . DENHAM  
OF CALIFORNIA  Page 428, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. Page 443, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. AMENDMENT NO . 220 OFFERED BY MS . GABBARD  
OF HAWAII  Page 356, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 358, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 428, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
VELA´ZQUEZ OF NEW YORK  Page 348, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000)’’. Page 394, line 2, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. Page 426, line 17, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 426, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. Page 447, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. From the beginning here, let me just thank the ranking member, Mr. QUIGLEY , for his good work over the last several months as we have worked together as a team to try to come up with a product that everyone would be pleased with, and also Mrs. LOWEY , the ranking member, as well. But I have to give credit to our leadership. They have decided to go big this year. They have had faith in Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and our committee members just to get the job done. By the end of this week, this House will be the first Republican majority since 2004 to pass all 12 appropriations bills on time. Now, this bill is certainly true to its name and it is also true to our principles. We make America safe by funding our military and securing our borders. We are making America prosperous by restoring financial freedom so all Americans can earn a living and achieve their own dreams. Now I will say something obvious, Mr. Chairman. America entrusted our party with the White House and both Houses of Congress in this last election. Take a look at this package. These are policies that we have been elected to pass. This is the U.S. House saying: We hear you, and we are with you, and we are going to get the job done. So I want to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and the subcommittee chairs—all have worked hard over the last several months—and their committee staff for going big and getting this package to the floor as we finish it up here this evening. It is also important to thank my subcommittee and their personal staff as well. I want to thank them for the many hours of work, the weekends, the late nights and the holidays that have 
brought us to this moment. I want to thank our clerk, Dena Baron; and Marybeth and Ariana; Brad Allen, who is in our Financial Services Office; and until a few days ago, when a great opportunity took her away from us, Kelly Hitchcock, who has been in our office as well. And then, of course, my personal office, we have John Donnelly, Jason Murphy, and Sam Mahler, who have worked very diligently, Mr. Chairman, to bring us to this point on this evening. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this amendment. I appreciate the chairman’s inclusion of amendments from Democratic Members. I am particularly pleased to see amendments increasing funds for smallbusiness programs that support investments directly into our communities. Specifically, this amendment boosts funding by a total of $20 million for entrepreneurial development grants. In addition, this package provides increased funding for the Tax Counseling for the Elderly program at the IRS, ensuring that more elderly taxpayers receive efficient and quality tax assistance. It also boosts funding for the Community Development Financial Institution Fund for Native Communities programs. Another especially effective and muchneeded program in this bill is the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Act. This amendment provides an additional $15 million to the amount provided in the underlying bill. The DrugFree Communities program, also critically important, benefits from a funding increase. These are Federal investments that matter, and I support them all. I would be remiss, however, if I did not point out that some of the offsets relied upon in this en bloc give me pause. Due to the irresponsibly low funding level allocated in the Financial Services bill, it is, frankly, not possible to find payfors that will not cause damage elsewhere in the bill. So I look forward to working with my colleagues to find a way to increase the total resources available for this bill as we move forward in the process. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), who has worked hard on this amendment and has a portion of the amendment he would like to discuss. Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this en bloc package which includes my amendments to the Financial Services division of this bill. Mr. Chair, my amendment supports the efficient implementation of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act. This is the act that I authored that was signed into law last year that simply puts in place a board to manage, to liquidate, to identify unneeded and vacant properties. There is an opportunity we have today to sell off the things that we don’t need: properties that have been sitting vacant for years, properties that are costing us millions and millions and billions across the country. There is an opportunity for us not only to sell these off and bring in the much needed revenue to start building roads, bridges, and put towards our infrastructure package, but also to get them redeveloped, rebuilding communities and putting people back to work. Now, what we need right now is to get this board put into place, and congressional leadership will make recommendations to the President on their board. We need the Senate to confirm the chairperson of the board, and, finally, we need an executive director and a staff to help vet these highvalue properties and push the reluctant agencies that don’t want to get rid of these properties to actually liquidate the things that they don’t need. It is time to put this board in place, and this en bloc amendment will help us to do so. This will help us to build infrastructure across the country and sell off the things that we don’t need. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my amendment which is included in this en bloc package. This amendment would increase funding for the Small Business Administration Entrepreneurial Development programs by $4 million, with the increase intended to support entrepreneurship education. Our entrepreneurs and smallbusiness owners form the foundation of the American economy. Entrepreneurs with inspired ideas benefit from the educational resources and information that help them convert those ideas into thriving businesses. Entrepreneurship education within the SBA provides resources such as growth assistance, financial literacy education, and basic information for aspiring entrepreneurs. We in Congress have a responsibility to ensure that Americans, young and old, with the entrepreneurial spirit and dedication to succeed have access to lessons and resources that will help them succeed. This amendment will help our small businesses to prosper and, ultimately, create jobs. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to continue to ensure that the United States remains the best place in the world to start and grow a business. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the en bloc amendment which contains an amendment offered by myself and the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ), which directs that funding at the Department of the Treasury shall be used to develop a revenue procedure related to a deduction for casualty losses for homes that are suffering crumbling foundations in northcentral and eastern Connecticut and western Massachusetts. It is related to a pyrrhotite material which cropped up in a quarry that was used for aggregate in concrete foundations and is sweeping the area. Thousands of homes are affected by it. Mr. LARSON and I are actively working with Treasury Secretary Mnuchin for this purpose. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. COURTNEY. I yield to the gentleman from Connecticut. Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague for being stellar in this, in leading the fight in the State of Connecticut and in joining the Connecticut General Assembly in that effort. I thank Congressman COURTNEY for his diligence in this effort. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ), who has been leading the fight against opioid and drug abuse. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of the en bloc package, which includes my amendment to increase funds to the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas by $10 million. After many grave conversations with law enforcement throughout my district, it is crystal clear that this drug scourge is one of the top concerns right now, if not the top concern. Mr. Chairman, I know my colleagues are having similar discussions in their districts, so they understand just how serious the issue is becoming for the American people. Our drug task force in the Eighth Congressional District of Tennessee desperately needs these funds, as we have seen a spike in trafficking of narcotics across Interstate 40 in west Tennessee. The spread of illegal drugs in west Tennessee and across the Nation leads to higher crime rates, which means our local, State, and Federal law enforcement are being stretched incredibly thin. But we must also think of the resources needed to battle the drug addiction epidemics, such as the opioid crisis. We should be proactive now because prevention is the best longterm solution. Our law enforcement are working tirelessly, but they simply do not have the proper resources to effectively combat drug trafficking. We must do more to support our law enforcement in this fight, and I believe that increasing funds to the HIDTA program is a really good first step. No doubt, officers at the local, State, and Federal level have expressed support for this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support these en bloc amendments. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. GABBARD ). 
Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this package and an amendment that includes additional funding for the Native American CDFI Assistance Program. The CDFI Fund’s Native Initiatives program seeks to level the economic playing field by providing awards to organizations that make credit, capital, and other essential financial services available to underserved and impoverished Native communities. In the past, this program has provided funding to organizations like Lei Ho’olaha, which provides financial training and loans to charter schools and community centers in Hawaii to help make them creditworthy. It also provides funding to the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, which helps provide access to capital for people living in Native Hawaiian communities to help them purchase affordable homes, start new businesses, and to help drive commerce. We must build upon this progress in Native communities and increase the funding for the CDFI Fund’s Native Initiatives to build businesses, create jobs, empower these Native communities, and spur economic growth. Please support this amendment. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ). The en bloc amendments were agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 190 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 190 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. b1415 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chair, I rise today in support of amendment No. 190, which would help prevent companies from weaponizing the Iranian regime and help stop the flow of troops and armaments to Assad’s murderous regime. This amendment would prohibit the Office of Foreign Assets Control from authorizing the sale of aircraft to Iran. Western companies are in the process of trying to sell dozens of planes to Iran Air—that is Iran’s flagship carrier—and other Iranian airlines with deep ties to hostile Iranian actors. Iran’s aviation sector, led by Iran Air, has a long history of illicitly transporting militants, weapons, and explosives on commercial aircraft to terror groups and rogue regimes. Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps— the IRGC—and Iran’s Ministry of Defense use commercial aircraft to directly support Iran’s campaign of terror around the Middle East. In recent years, both before the Iran nuclear deal and after, Iranian airlines have served as a lifeline to the Assad regime, transporting weapons and troops to the embattled dictator. Iran Air was recently designated by the U.S. Treasury for such activity. Numerous Iranian airlines remain sanctioned. Last year, while speaking on the floor in support of these same amendments, which passed the floor, I had on display this map beside me exhibiting the route of an Iran Air flight in the middle of the night from an IRGC hub to wartorn Damascus. This midnight flight was unscheduled and flew on a routine Iranian arms supply path to Syria. Hundreds of these flights are documented, showing a sophisticated Iranian arms supply system using commercial jets. On display now is even more compelling evidence of Iran Air’s nefarious activity. These recently taken photos display Iranbacked Afghani militiamen flying Iran Air to Syria. You can see these same militiamen holding AK– 47s on the ground in the Syrian war zone and prepping heavy artillery. These fighters are reported to be part of an IRGC training Afghan Shiite militia actively fighting for the Assad regime. Iran Air and the IRGC transport these jihadis to Syria to fight for a dictator responsible for the deaths of almost a half a million people, Mr. Chairman. Until Iran ceases using commercial aircraft to support terrorists and war criminals, Western companies ought not be allowed to sell Iranian airlines more aircraft that they can use to fuel Assad’s brutal war. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself 2
1⁄2minutes. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to my friend’s amendment, somebody I enjoy working with and respect; but, with all due respect, I think he is wrong on this. There is no denying the fact that there are some bad people in Iran who do bad things, and we have a complicated relationship that we are trying to deal with. But, first of all, there are already other countries who are involved with this. Airbus just had a contract. What the gentleman is talking about would deny the opportunity for Boeing to be able to have these sales go forward, cost Americans up to 100,000 jobs, and keep billions of dollars out of the United States’ economy. Mr. Chairman, part of this is people are deeply concerned about the agreement that we made with Iran dealing with nuclear weapons, which, I would note, to this point, has actually dialed down some of the work in terms of halted enrichment beyond 3.67 percent, it limited the size of its uranium stockpile, filled in the core of a heavy water nuclear reactor with cement, and provides an opportunity for us to do something. There are many areas in this region where we have common interests, and we are kind of doing a dance. One of the concerns I have is the United States has consistently mismanaged its relationship with Iran. How would we feel if somebody had moved to overturn our popularly elected government, as we did with Iran in 1953, or we sided with Saddam Hussein in the brutal war against Iran when they were openly using chemical weapons? There are things here that have made this a difficult relationship. The majority of Iranians, ironically, still like Americans. Unlike Donald Trump’s imaginary Muslims in New Jersey dancing in the street on 9/11, in Tehran on 9/11, there were candlelight vigils in support of the United States. It has more of a democracy than what we have in Saudi Arabia and Egypt. Now, I agree that we have challenges dealing with them, but at a time when we should be strengthening ties with a former enemy through diplomacy, trade, and job creation, we should be able to try and have the management of this complicated relation rather than penalizing American companies for no good purpose. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time remains? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois has 21⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Oregon has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the amendment of my friend from Illinois. The gentleman has shown great leadership on this issue prohibiting the Office of Foreign Assets Control from using funds to issue a license allowing U.S.made aircraft to be sold to Iran, and also prohibiting OFAC from using funds to authorize U.S. financial institutions to finance the purchase of military fungible aircraft to Iran. As the chairman of the subcommittee with oversight over treasury implementation of sanctions, it is just unacceptable and unnecessary to expose the 
U.S. financial system to the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism in a jurisdiction of primary money laundering concern. At a hearing in April, the Committee on Financial Services heard testimony that Iran Air’s role in the Syrian conflict continues. That same day, the public received reports of a chemical weapons attack killing dozens of Syrian civilians. What we know is that there is significant evidence suggesting that Iran Air flights are now being used to transport personnel and material supporting the IRGC and its efforts to assist the Assad regime and Hezbollah. Mr. Chairman, I applaud the gentleman’s amendment and I support it. We should not be assisting the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism with commercial aircraft. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chair, I want to be clear. I understand the deep concerns about things that Iranians are doing that I personally disagree with. The Syrian conflict is a horrific tragedy, but we have problems with Russia in Syria, we have problems with Turkey in Syria. We are involved with a situation in the Middle East that is horrific and is going to require all of our best efforts. With all due respect, we have a number of things we are trying to achieve in this regard. I think being able to maintain our commitments under the agreement with the JCPOA is important. That Iranian nuclear agreement has held and it is one of the few bright spots in that region. Second, we are punishing an American company, but, as I mentioned, Airbus just executed a contract. There are other parts of the world that have moved forward. One of the reasons that we were able to get alignment was there are different agreements in terms of what people want to do with France, Great Britain, Germany, and Russia. We have struck an agreement with those allied powers working with us to make it more difficult for Iran to be a nuclear state. We have an opportunity for us to not penalize American companies. We have an opportunity for us to try and make diplomacy work, which has been undercut by many of the things we are seeing from the administration, trying to dial back the capacity of the State Department, dial back the soft power that even the military says that we need to do. We have a number of areas where there are sponsors of terror. Pakistan is involved with all sorts of things in this region, and, of course, they have been key in helping North Korea become a nuclear state. I don’t think we should paint a picture here that is too simplistic. We ought to acknowledge the fact that this is complex, that there are problems, but deal with a country where the majority of people like Americans, where they have kept their nuclear commitments, where other countries are going to step in and fill the gap, and that we ought not to penalize American industry or undercut diplomatic efforts. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, my friend from Oregon acknowledges that there are bad people doing bad things in Iran. Well, let’s not help them. Let’s not be complicit. And as to the candlelight vigils, none of the mullahs, none of the leadership, were involved in candlelight vigils for the United States. These are the people that are chanting and provoking: Death to America. This does no violence to those who were supporters of the JCPOA. They like it. This has no impact on it whatsoever. Furthermore, it doesn’t put American companies at any other disadvantage than other companies have. In other words, the two big players here are Airbus and Boeing, neither of whom, if we are successful with this amendment, would be able to sell into that marketplace. Why? Because Airbus has the same level of technology, they get caught up in the same net that we do. We have got to ask the question: Do we step back and say, ‘‘Wow. It is just complicated and it is overwhelming, and, inshallah, let’s do nothing’’? No. Let’s lean in. Let’s make a decision. Let’s be articulate and let’s say that we are choosing not to be complicit with what we know is outrageous, and that is the use of commercial aircraft supporting the world’s largest state sponsor of terror. This is fairly intuitive. The House has come together on these issues in the past. Mr. Chair, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 191 OFFERED BY MR . ROSKAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 191 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois for 5 minutes. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is similar to the previous amendment debated. Specifically, it would prohibit the Office of Foreign Assets Control from authorizing U.S. financial institutions—that is the distinction—from financing aircraft and sales to Iran. It is the same reasons. It is all the same facts. It is fairly straightforward. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, ideological riders have no place on the appropriations bill. The substance of the amendment should be debated as a standalone piece of legislation and under the proper committee of jurisdiction. Unfortunately, the fiscal 2018 Financial Services appropriations bill before us today is already loaded full of policy riders that don’t belong on spending bills. Furthermore, this amendment would block the ability of Boeing to complete the $30 billion worth of aircraft sales to Iran, resulting in the loss of U.S. jobs. It would put U.S. in breach of JCPOA. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), a member of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of amendment 191 to the Financial Services and General Government appropriations bill. This amendment prohibits funds from being used to issue a license relating to the sale of commercial passenger aircraft to the Islamic Republic of Iran. The JCPOA allowed for the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran Air, but it is an Iranian airline that the Treasury Department designated in 2013 for providing material, support, and services to the Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. b1430 What changed in those 3 years from that designation to the signing of the JCPOA? Congress has yet to see a report of good behavior on the part of the Iranians. The Ayatollahs continue to call America the ‘‘Big Satan.’’ The sales of these aircraft must be stopped so long as the Iranians continue to be the leading state sponsor of terrorism. I thank Representative ROSKAM for his leadership on this issue and hope that it passes with unanimous support. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chair, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment which I am proud to cosponsor with my colleagues, Mr. ROSKAM and Mr. L AMBORN . 
When the U.S. entered into the JCPOA, we empowered Iran to advance its bad activities. Iran Air was sanctioned in 2011, for using commercial flights to transport missile and rocket components to Syria. The Syrian war is far from over. We cannot allow Iran to establish a permanent presence in Syria. This amendment would block taxpayer funds from supporting a regime that has killed too many people. I strongly support the passage of this amendment. I am concerned, as I hear opposition to this amendment where we are talking about the need to protect American jobs, where the connection is being made to those American jobs being used to support terrorism abroad. That is a stretch. I would encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, if they are concerned about protecting American jobs, that we are pursuing American jobs to help our great country, not supporting the bad activities of a regime that is developing intercontinental ballistic missiles in violation of U.N. Security Council resolutions; calling Israel the ‘‘Little Satan’’ and America the ‘‘Great Satan;’’ overthrowing foreign governments; financially awarding terror; the largest state sponsor of terrorism. I say that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle should be sharing our concern and supporting this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. ROSKAM  for his leadership. Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Chairman, to close, as to the argument about ideological riders, this is the Article I branch. It is the prerogative of the House of Representatives and the Congress to speak and decide how money is to be spent. As to the notion that, the accusation that this breaches the JCPOA, as much of a critic as I am of that deal, this doesn’t breach it. So it is in compliance with it. The notion of jobs is an interesting one, and it kind of creates a moral quandary until, Mr. Chairman, you balance out these two things: jobs versus lives. Is that really a question here? Aren’t lives more important than jobs? Isn’t it an interesting thing that several Members of the Washington State delegation where Boeing, in particular, is headquartered have actively written to the leadership of the Boeing Company saying, don’t do this, essentially, and don’t put our employees in the moral quandary of having to move forward on this? Finally, Mr. Chairman, how would we be feeling if the debate were happening in 1938 in this country, and the question was: Are we going to loan money to some commercial operation that can be used by the regime in Hamburg, Germany, for example? We would be scandalized by it. We need to recognize with a sense of clarity where we are in history. We ought not to be complicit with this. This House can make a great deal of difference in the future of this fight. Mr. Chair, I urge the passage of this amendment, the adoption of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 192 OFFERED BY MR . PALMER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 192 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would prohibit funds from being used to implement the District of Columbia’s Reproductive Health Non Discrimination Amendment Act of 2014, or RHNDA. This law prevents religious and pro life advocacy organizations from making employment decisions consistent with their institutional mission. The First Amendment States in part that ‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof. ...  ’ ’  Without my amendment, some employers in the District of Columbia would be forced to embrace the beliefs of the 13 members of the D.C. Council. D.C. allows abortions until the moment of birth, but a number of organizations in D.C.—such as March for Life, Americans United for Life, and the Susan B. Anthony List—exist solely to protect the sanctity of life. The Constitution provides them the right to exercise those beliefs just like it does those who oppose it. That is why, when the District passed RHNDA, former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray described it as ‘‘legally problematic’’ saying: ‘‘ . . . the bill raises serious concerns under the Constitution, and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. . . . ’’ My amendment would restore religious freedom to employers inside the District of Columbia. Those who want to have an abortion do not have to work for employers who oppose them. They have life and the liberty to pursue their own interests with another employer. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This amendment prohibits the District of Columbia from spending its local funds to carry out a local antidiscrimination law, the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. Unlike the D.C. Council which passed this law, no Member of this Congress was elected to legislate on local D.C. matters, or is accountable to the voters of the District of Columbia. This amendment gives employers the license to discriminate against employees, their spouses, and their dependents, based on their private, constitutionally protected reproductive decisions. This amendment permits employers to fire a woman for having an abortion due to rape, or to decline to hire a woman for using in vitro fertilization, or to fire a man for using condoms, or to reduce the salary of a parent for buying birth control for his or her child. Contrary to the sponsor’s claim, the D.C. law does not require employers to provide insurance coverage for reproductive health decisions. Importantly, the law states expressly, here this language: ‘‘This section shall not be construed to require an employer to provide insurance coverage related to a reproductive health decision.’’ The D.C. law is valid under both the U.S. Constitution and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. Indeed, the law has been in effect for more than 2 years. It is now law. And there appear to have been no lawsuits challenging it. Under the U.S. Constitution, laws may limit religious exercise if they are neutral, generally applicable, and rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest. Under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, laws may substantially burden religious exercise only if they further a compelling governmental interest in the least restrictive means. The D.C. law meets all of these requirements. That is why it has never been challenged. The D.C. law also protects religious liberty. The Constitution’s narrow ministerial exception allows religious organizations to make employment decisions for ministers and ministerial employees for any reason whatsoever. D.C. law permits religious and political organizations to make employment decisions based on religious and political views. Under the D.C. law, employees must be willing to carry out an employer’s missions and directives. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment in order to protect employees’ reproductive health decisions, workplace equality, and D.C.’s own right to selfgovernment. 
Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. BIGGS). Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. PALMER for sponsoring this amendment, which I support wholeheartedly. I support Mr. PALMER ’s implementation of the District of Columbia Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act which passed the D.C. Council in 2014. This law limits the ability of employers, including prolife organizations, to avoid hiring applicants whose personal beliefs are contrary to their respective missions. Today, Congress can begin to right this wrong. Think about the real effect of this law. Organizations like March for Life, Americans United for Life, Susan B. Anthony List, or Family Research Council, among others, whose mission is to advocate for the sanctity of life could be forced to hire individuals who disagree with those very principles. In the 2012 case, the U.S. Supreme Court unanimously affirmed the right of religious organizations to hire employees that support the mission of the organization for which they will be advocating. We cannot allow 13 D.C. Council members to circumvent that decision and strip employers of their Constitutional rights. The United States Constitution explicitly grants Congress the power to ‘‘exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever, over’’ the District of Columbia. I believe we have a responsibility to ensure the D.C. Council is not infringing on the religious liberties of prolife organizations. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2 minutes remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ), one of the leaders of the right to privacy in this Congress. Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. The gentleman from Alabama talks about the First Amendment rights of employers, but, clearly, this statute by the D.C. Government complies with all of the constitutional rights. What I am concerned about here is discrimination against employees for making their own reproductive health decisions. Apparently, that doesn’t matter to the people on the other side of the aisle: the right of people to take birth control, to have in vitro fertilization, or even to have an abortion. The D.C. Council decided that was an important right, and that is why they passed this legislation. This is why we should preserve it today. There is absolutely no reason why we should take the rights of selfgovernance away from D.C., and there is absolutely no reason why we should take the rights of women and families to exercise their legal, constitutional healthcare decisions. Mr. Chair, I strongly oppose this amendment, and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, in spite of numerous requests—with all due respect to the gentlewoman from Colorado and the distinguished Delegate from the District of Columbia—in spite of numerous requests, no exemptions were included in the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act for either moral or religious objections. I think my colleague from Colorado just pointed that out, that they intended no exceptions. RHNDA, as enacted, has no religious exemption, and legislative history suggests it may have been passed specifically to target faithbased employers. Nobody should be forced to take a position one way or the other, or be able to hire them. By leaving this in place, it exposes employers to potential lawsuits. I would like to point out that, in regard to Congress’ authority over this issue, Article I, section 8, clause 17 of the Constitution states that Congress shall have power to exercise exclusive legislation, in all cases whatsoever, over the District. Mr. Chair, I take exception to my colleague’s point that it is acceptable to infringe on the religious liberties of certain people who actually believe in protecting life. The Constitution does not provide for only a certain group to practice their religion, but everyone has a right to practice his or her religion. No government interest can overcome that constitutional right. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 1 minute remaining. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chair, I don’t know what the District of Columbia can do to satisfy the ideologically driven Members on the other side. We protected religious liberty. There have been absolutely no challenges. Republicans persist in ignoring the plain wording on abortion, and, above all, they have ignored their own groundwork principle of local control. This is a majority that yells local control for everybody except the residents of the District of Columbia. We have defeated this amendment before. We will defeat this amendment again, if not in this House, in the other Chamber, I assure you. It is law. It is going to remain law. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. b1445 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. This is an interesting debate, Mr. Chairman. Normally it would be heard for the wouldbe candidates for the District of Columbia City Council, but the issues remain far more important. This amendment would, once again, overreach by prohibiting funds for D.C.’s Reproductive Health Nondiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014. That law prohibits discrimination based on reproductive health decisions. The Reproductive Health Nondiscrimination Amendment Act protects workers in D.C. from workplace discrimination if the employer disagrees with the employee’s use of contraception, in vitro fertilization, and even perhaps a medically necessary abortion. The law prohibits employers from making employment decisions based on reproductive health decisions of employees, their spouses, and children. Without RHNDA, employers could fire a woman for having an abortion due to rape, fire a man for using a condom, reduce the pay for a parent buying birth control for their child, and decline to hire a woman for using in vitro fertilization. D.C. is protecting workers from losing their jobs if their supervisors do not agree with their most personal decisions. This amendment would strip those protections from D.C. workers. For those who thought this bill infringed on employers’ religious beliefs, D.C. passed a statutory clarification that no employer was required to provide insurance coverage related to reproductive health decisions. During the congressional review period, the Republicancontrolled House passed a resolution disapproving this bill, but the Republicancontrolled Senate did not. The Congress had time to act on this issue, and it failed to do so. D.C. residents should not be subject to endless efforts to overturn their laws. People should be judged at work based on their performance and not on their personal, private reproductive healthcare decisions. That is why D.C. passed this law. To my friends across the aisle, I understand they see this as a constitutional challenge, but, with all due respect, they are antiFederalist and Federalist when it is convenient—and not just because of D.C. It has to do more with issues they don’t agree with. They are very much for States’ rights and local control unless it has something to do with issues like gun violence or a woman’s right to choose. This is inconsistent and, frankly, with all due respect, somewhat hypocritical. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 20 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ) for his 
fierce support and defense of our First Amendment rights and religious freedoms. Faithbased and prolife organizations should be free to serve according to their deeply held beliefs. So the vote on this amendment today is one on which you should be voting ‘‘yes’’ for the First Amendment and ‘‘yes’’ for religious freedom. Mr. PALMER. Mr. Chairman, I want to remind people of what former Mayor Gray wrote in his letter: ‘‘Religious organizations, religiously affiliated organizations, religiously driven forprofit entities, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them.’’ The Supreme Court in the Hosanna Tabor v. EEOC decision made it clear— this was a unanimous decision—that organizations are free to hire people who are likeminded and who support their views. In regard to federalism, the Constitution gives Congress the right to legislate over the District of Columbia. If D.C. won’t respect the rights of its citizens, then it is Congress’ duty to ensure the laws of D.C. comply with Federal law and the Constitution. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. PALMER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 193 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 195 OFFERED BY MR . GOHMERT  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 195 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from Florida (Mr. POSEY ), I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 361, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $165,300)’’. Page 634, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $165,300)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 3354. Originally this was offered by my friend from Florida (Mr. POSEY ), who is currently helping his constituents recover from Hurricane Irma, so I rise on behalf of Mr. POSEY . Mr. Chairman, this amendment would strike the IRS’ Operations Support account by $165,300 and transfer that amount to the Spending Reduction account. The effect would be to eliminate the salary of IRS Commissioner John Koskinen’s salary, in fact, and would finally begin a tiny amount of accountability that American taxpayers have deserved for quite some time. Not only did Commissioner Koskinen fail to hold the IRS accountable for wrongfully targeting groups based on their lawful political beliefs, but he obstructed the congressional investigations into the scandal. When Congress requested the testimony of Lois Lerner, who was head of the Exempt Organization Division at the IRS, she took the Fifth Amendment and refused to cooperate. Instead of providing these records, as required, Mr. Koskinen chose to—in his words— ‘‘recycle’’ the Lerner email records. By recycle, Mr. Koskinen meant, obviously by his actions, destroy evidence that was part of a congressional investigation, which was in direct conflict with his duties as a public servant and, in particular, as head of the Internal Revenue Service. After obstructing a congressional investigation, Mr. Koskinen then lied about it under oath on several occasions before Congress. In other words, he repeatedly and contemptuously perjured himself before Congress. Now, on June 20, 2014, for example, Mr. Koskinen testified in a Ways and Means Committee hearing that since the targeting investigation started, every email had been preserved and nothing was lost. At that very same hearing, Mr. Koskinen said that the backup files no longer existed. He then went on to say that the IRS had ‘‘gone to great lengths to spend a significant amount of money trying to make sure that there were no emails that were required that has not been produced.’’ That, as we found out, was a blatant lie. Mr. Koskinen and his staff had gone to no lengths to get these emails. They had done nothing. In fact, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration said that the IRS under Koskinen—his direction—simply did not look for the emails at all. Later, more than 1,000 emails were recovered from backup tapes that the IRS had attempted to destroy knowing they were being sought by Congress. A year later, on June 20, 2015, Mr. Koskinen again falsely testified—also known as perjuring himself—that all of the Lerner emails had been preserved— not lost—but the IRS had destroyed the emails, in fact, and tried to destroy the backup tapes as well. That was well after the investigation had started and the emails were being sought. Koskinen’s dishonesty and obstructionist actions were not limited to congressional business. His actions directly affected American taxpayers. Under his tenure, IRS customer service for the 2015 filing season was nothing short of abysmal. Taxpayers were forced to wait hours to speak to an IRS agent, even after Congress gave him more money than he had had before for that assistance, but under his control and direction, it was squandered in other ways. The terrible customer service was a direct result of Mr. Koskinen’s IRS directing funds meant for taxpayer services toward other priorities. At his confirmation hearing, Commissioner Koskinen promised that he would be transparent. That was a lie. This man’s salary should be reduced. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is intended to cut the pay of the IRS Commissioner to zero. It is nothing more than a gratuitous, partisan cheap shot, an amendment offered last year that failed. I know and I am sure there are plenty of people out there who think that Members of Congress should be paid nothing or have their salary reduced to next to nothing because they disagree with them or they don’t like their actions. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Chairman, in conclusion, I hope and literally pray that at some point we will put politics aside and, when somebody lies in front of Congress, we will join together to say: Not before Congress; there will be consequences. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, there have been extraordinary attacks on the IRS Commissioner in a wide variety of ranges, but an amendment similar to this failed last year, which meant there were Republicans who opposed it as well as Democrats. There were attempts to offer impeachment on this matter, and those were partisan efforts in a nonconstructive way. This is just one more element toward that end. It is unnecessary. Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 196 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 196 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 513, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 514, line 11. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment strikes the repeal of the District of Columbia’s Local Budget Autonomy Act, which allows the District of Columbia to spend its local funds consisting solely of local taxes and fees after a 30day congressional review period; and this is now law. It is astonishing that my Republican colleagues are so at odds with a local jurisdiction spending its own local funds without the approval of a Federal body, U.S. Congress, and that the House will be voting for a third time since May 2016 to repeal this local law. The first two attempts were not enacted into law, and I expect this third attempt to fail, too. In fact, I should not even have to offer this amendment. The bill’s repeal of the Local Budget Autonomy Act violates the House rule against legislating on an appropriations bill. Of course, the special rule governing consideration of the bill prohibits me from raising a point of order against the repeal provision, which would be sustained by the Chair. The Local Budget Autonomy Act is in effect. It is now law, I repeat. This year, the D.C. Council passed its second local budget under the Local Budget Autonomy Act. Smart lawyers differed about the validity of the Local Budget Autonomy Act when D.C. enacted it. However, the Local Budget Autonomy Act has been litigated. The only court ruling in effect upheld it, the ruling was not appealed, and the court ordered D.C. officials to implement it. Some House Republicans disguised their opposition to the Local Budget Autonomy Act with legalistic arguments until Speaker RYAN revealed last year the real reason the House passed the standalone bill repealing the Local Budget Autonomy Act. He said: ‘‘There are real consequences. The D.C. government wants to use revenues to fund abortions in the District. House Republicans will not stand for that.’’ b1500 The Speaker was wrong about the effect of the Local Budget Autonomy Act. Congress loses nothing under our budget autonomy law. Congress retains the authority to legislate on any D.C. matter, including its local budget, at any time. That is unfortunate, but that, too, is the law. The Local Budget Autonomy Act is a modest attempt by the District to be able to implement its local budget soon after it is passed, like other jurisdictions, instead of having it caught up in congressional delays. Indeed, the riders in the bill prohibiting D.C. from spending its local funds on marijuana commercialization and abortion services for lowincome women were changed from those in prior appropriations bills to account for the Local Budget Autonomy Act. Still, that is not enough. Historically, D.C. riders applied only to funds included in appropriations bills, because only appropriations bills authorized D.C. spending. In this bill, as in fiscal year 2017, the riders apply to D.C. local funds available under any authority, including those in the local budget passed under the Local Budget Autonomy Act. Local control over the dollars raised by local taxpayers is a principle much cited by my Republican colleagues, and it is, indeed, central to the American form of government. Beyond this core principle, budget autonomy has practical benefits for D.C., including lowering borrowing costs, more accurate revenue and expenditure forecasts, improved agency operations, and the removal of the threat of D.C. government shutdowns during Federal Government shutdowns. These are our concerns. D.C.’s budget is larger than the budgets of 14 States, Mr. Chairman. The District raises $8 billion in local funds. While D.C. is in a better financial position than most cities and States in this country, with a rainyday fund of over $2 billion on a total budget of $14 billion, budget autonomy makes the District even stronger, as it must be, because it has no State fallback. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have the greatest respect for Ms. NORTON , and I appreciate her passion and zeal for the District. She advocates well for them. I hear my friends across the aisle speak about disregard for local law. Let me assure you, Mr. Chairman, this is truly not the case. Article I, section 8 of the Constitution gives Congress the power ‘‘to exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever’’ over the seat of government of the United States, which is the District of Columbia. The District of Columbia is neither a State nor a municipality; in fact, it is a District. Therefore, D.C. derives all of its powers not from the sovereignty of statehood but from the delegation that is given to them by Congress. By the way, the Home Rule Act in 1973 has allowed D.C. to assume more and more responsibility over time. This bill before you continues to appropriate D.C. funds, as it has for the last 44 years. That is 44 years of Republican majorities and Democratic majorities. This changes nothing from that. It was under various administrations as well. This bill does not change the special and unique relationship between D.C. and the Federal Government, because the D.C. Budget Autonomy Act did not change that special, unique relationship between the District and the Federal Government whatsoever. The D.C. Budget Autonomy Act only amended the Home Rule Act as adopted by the D.C. Code. So no State, county, city, or hybrid like the District of Columbia can override the supremacy of the Constitution. Mr. Chairman, as we debate this each and every time, let me assure the body here that the District of Columbia has plenty of autonomy, but when it comes to spending, that is the role of Congress as given to us through the U.S. Constitution. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia will be postponed. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 198 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 199 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 199 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 590, strike line 1 and all that follows through page 591, line 14. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, my amendment simply preserves the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s independent funding and ensures that it is adequately funded. That is essentially what this is all about. This is very clear. The sides on this couldn’t be more clear. My amendment is one of many this week, but I hope that people pay special attention to how folks vote on this particular amendment. This amendment is a clear litmus test. If a legislator wants to support 
the work of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, if they want to support the work of $11.5 billion being returned to consumers, they should vote ‘‘yes.’’ A ‘‘yes’’ vote on my amendment means you want to protect Americans from fraud, deceptive practices, and ripoff schemes. A ‘‘yes’’ vote means you want banks, debt collectors, credit reporting agencies, payday lenders, and other finance companies to be held accountable if they rip off consumers. A ‘‘yes’’ vote means that you want honest and fairdealing firms in the financial services space to be rewarded for their good work and for people who take advantage of consumers to be punished. We want to keep good companies good. How can you do that if good and bad get treated just alike? We need the CFPB. My amendment asks that you stand with Ari Booras, for example. As you may have seen on ‘‘CBS Sunday Morning’’ a few weeks ago, Harry Booras contacted the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s consumer complaint center for help. His teenage son, Ari, joined the Army, just like mine did, and bought a used truck at a car dealer near his base. My boy was 18 when he went to the Army. Ari was the same age, I imagine. Yet that desire was taken advantage of. Teenage Ari joined the Army and bought a used truck at a car dealer near the base. The loan was way more than this private could possibly afford, with an extensive extended warranty and 18.5 percent interest. Private Booras would have paid three times more than Blue Book value for this $11,000 truck. He would have paid three times more. Yet he can’t afford three times more. He is just a private trying to serve his country. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau got Private Booras and 50,000 other servicemembers out of these predatory loans that ruin their finances and cause enormous stress in their lives. We need servicemembers thinking about protecting the country, not how to fight off some predatory lender. My amendment asks that you stand with Samir Hanef from Durham, North Carolina. Samir was one of more than half a million people who was wrongly charged for auto insurance when he took out a loan to buy a Honda Civic. Samir, a social worker, already had insurance, but Wells Fargo charged him and 20,000 others, customers, added insurance that made them miss payments. This led to their cars being repossessed in some cases. The numerous scandals at Wells Fargo—the forced insurance, fake accounts, overcharges at mortgage closing, signing customers up for life insurance without their consent, and other fraudulent practices—are coming to light because of the work of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and its consumer complaint office. They need independence. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Missouri is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, in June, the House passed H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act, with overwhelming support. Section 713 of the Financial CHOICE Act contained language to subject the CFPB to the annual congressional appropriations process. Under the DoddFrank Act, the CFPB is funded out of the earnings of the Federal Reserve system. In order to obtain funding, the Director need only submit a letter to the Board of Governors and Federal Reserve each quarter certifying the amounts of funds determined by the Director to be reasonably necessary for carrying out the authorities of the Bureau. The Federal Reserve then transfers the stated amount to the Bureau for operations. Basically, the Federal Reserve serves purely as an ATM machine for the CFPB, and neither Congress nor the President has the ability to have any input into the Bureau’s funding or oversight of whether that funding is spent effectively. The Bureau’s funding is, therefore, different from other regulators that police markets for force and fraud, including the Federal Trade Commission, the Securities and Exchange Commission, Consumer Product Safety Commission, Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and all those which are funded principally through congressional appropriations. To return to a constitutional structure and create agency accountability, Congress must reclaim its power of the purse over the most potent tools the Constitution gives Congress for conducting oversight of Federal agencies and implementing the real reforms. There can be no consent of the governed if the American people, through their democratically elected Representatives, have no say in how their government spends their hardearned dollars. To reassert Congress’ power of the purse, the Financial CHOICE Act calls for all the Federal financial regulatory agencies, including the CLEA and FSOC, to be funded through the congressional appropriations process, ensuring that these agencies use their funding effectively and transparently to fulfill their mission of protecting consumers and investors. Like other executive branch agencies and other regulators that police the markets, the CFPB will have the chance to justify its expenditures to Congress as a part of the appropriations process. Congress can continue to fund programs that provide value to consumers and can stop funding programs that are mired in waste, fraud, and abuse. This is a basic accountability measure, no more, no less. It seems my good colleague across the aisle is fearful that we may do something to harm that ability. He is afraid of providing accountability for those dollars. That is our basic function and it is our responsibility. We must not miss this opportunity to reestablish separation of powers and restore the constitutional governance to the administrative state. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Minnesota has 1 minute remaining. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ). Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Before DoddFrank, consumer protection laws were enforced by a patchwork of different regulations, each focused on their own issues. The CFPB enhanced and simplified consumer regulation, consolidating enforcement into a single authority devoted to all aspects of consumer protection ranging from oversight over mortgages and credit cards to unregulated products previously, like payday and student loans. The Wells Fargo fake account scandal, which CFPB played a key role in exposing, and the more recent Equifax data breach show precisely why we need a wellresourced and functional CFPB. By subjecting the CFPB to the appropriations process, the goal is not to provide necessary oversight. Considerable accountability measures already exist. It is to starve them of funding and weaken their ability to do their job. We have seen this before with other financial regulators like the FCC and CFTC, who are still struggling to carry out DoddFrank rulemaking. Therefore, I ask my colleagues to preserve the independence, stand on the side of consumers, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Ellison amendment. b1515 Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman’s leadership on this, and, with all due respect to my friends on the other side of the aisle, this amendment is not about protecting consumers. This amendment is about protecting bureaucrats from accountability from the American people. You know, I don’t know, for the life of me, why Members of Congress would not defend this institution, both Republicans and Democrats on both sides of the aisle defend this institution. Why on Earth would we give away the most complete and effectual power of 
Congress—as James Madison said, ‘‘the power of the purse’’—away to unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in the executive branch? When I asked Chair Yellen whether she approves the budget of the Bureau, she didn’t know the answer to that basic question. We know that the CFPB is not accountable to the American people through their elected Representatives in Congress. That is by statutory design. That is what Dodd Frank says. But we would hope that they would at least be accountable to the source of their funding, and they are not even accountable to the Fed. Defeat this amendment, support accountability, support the Constitution and restoring the power of the purse to the elected Representatives of the Congress. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I, too, rise in opposition of this amendment. The proponent suggests that his amendment is basically necessary for the functioning of the CFPB. It is not. The CFPB is going to continue to function but with the accountability of the American people. This amendment is inconsistent—inconsistent with the fundamental principle of American Government: of government of the people, by the people, and for the people. This amendment is inconsistent with the fundamental American principle of selfrule. That happens in this Congress. Congress needs to have authority over every part of the Federal Government, including the CFPB, so we can make the determination of what harm it may be bringing to consumers. We do know that consumers have been harmed with loss of free checking and losing their local community institutions because of the overregulation coming from this town. So I urge my fellow Members to defeat this amendment and to vote for accountability over the CFPB. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), chair of the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the work here by the gentleman making a great case on why this amendment is harmful to the American people and to the financial prosperity, and so I join them in my opposition, and their opposition as well, to this amendment and urge the House to defeat it. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Missouri has 15 seconds remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, just to close, I would encourage all the Members to oppose the amendment. It is curious why we have someone here who is fighting the ability of Congress to do its job to provide oversight. So I ask the question: Are we fearful of somebody looking over the shoulder of CFPB? Why? What are they hiding? What are they not doing? What should we be worried about? I think, more than ever, we need to be looking over their shoulder. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 200 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 200 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 563, strike line 16 and all that follows through page 566, line 3. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, my amendment preserves the CFPB’s authority to protect people who live in manufactured housing, manufactured housing buyers. I am lucky to have the National Manufactured Home Owners Association based in my district. For the RECORD , they have written an excellent letter on behalf of this amendment, which I will include in the RECORD . 
MANUFACTURED HOUSING ACTION . Representative KEITH ELLISON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN ELLISON : We are writing to thank you for introducing the Ellison Amendment #200 to the Department of the Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Act of 2018 (H.R. 3354). On behalf of the manufactured homeowners we represent, we our offering our organizational support for this amendment. MHAction empowers homeowners and residents in manufactured home communities to build and win local, state and national issue campaigns that strengthen the longterm viability and affordability of their communities. The work of MHAction is based on a set of core values, central to which are compassion for our neighbors and love of our communities. We believe that manufactured home communities play a key role in providing affordable, safe and accessible housing for all families, regardless of race, language, immigration status, class, religion, gender, or sexual orientation. MHAction currently represents over 19,000 manufactured homeowners in 28 states. It is vital that this amendment passes to protect manufactured home buyers, especially people of color that face higher levels of lending discrimination and seniors. We need to ensure that the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau retains the power to ensure that potential home buyers aren’t steered into high fee and high interest loans. When people buy a home, it should help increase their stability and wealth, not damage their finances. Again, we would like to express our sincere thanks to your office for fighting to ensure that the Consumer Finance Protection Bureau can continue to protect manufactured home buyers from loans that strip away their economic and retirement security. Should you have any question, please feel free to contact MHAction’s Executive Director, Kevin Borden. Our organization can easily put your office in touch with purpose driven community leaders in numerous states that have been fighting to strengthen the economic and retirement security of manufactured homeowners. Sincerely, THEMHA CTION CORETEAM. 
NATIONAL MANUFACTURED  HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION , St. Paul, MN, September 7, 2017. Representative KEITH ELLISON , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARCONGRESSMAN ELLISON : On behalf of the 17 million people nationwide who live in manufactured homes, we offer our support for the Ellison Amendment No. 200 to the Department of the Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Act of 2018 (H.R. 3354). This amendment prevents the roll back of vital DoddFrank consumer protections that would be especially harmful to low and moderateincome families. Contrary to claims made by those making these changes, the current manufactured housing provisions in H.R. 3354 would not expand access to credit and would not serve the interests of homeowners and communities. Instead, this bill would undermine already vulnerable homeowners by stripping away protections created by Congress and implemented by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. These protections were put in place for a reason: to give manufacturedhome owners the same protections as traditional home owners. The last housing crisis showed that exorbitant loan pricing was a particular area of abuse. Congress and the CFPB decided to protect homeowners from these practices, but the current language in H.R. 3354 would repeal these protections for the buyers of manufactured homes. The severity of this problem has been well documented by investigations such as the one conducted by The Seattle Times and the Center for Public Integrity. In a series of articles published in 2015, it was reported that ‘‘former dealers said the company encouraged them to steer buyers to finance with Clayton’s own highinterest lenders.’’ The investigation concluded that industry leader, ‘‘Clayton relies on predatory sales practices, exorbitant fees, and interest rates that can exceed 15 percent, trapping many buyers in loans they can’t afford and in homes that are almost impossible to sell or refinance.’’ We support the Ellison Amendment No. 200 to H.R. 3354 in order to retain the CFPB’s efforts to protect manufactured home buyers from high cost loans. Please feel free to contact us with any questions. Sincerely, DAVEANDERSON , Executive Director. 
Mr. ELLISON. I am also very proud of the residents of the Park Plaza, a 
manufactured home residentowned community in my district. They tell me that being steered to highcost loans makes homeownership more costly for families. Before Dodd Frank and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the manufactured home loan market was notoriously predatory. For example, a story in The Seattle Times, which I recommend Members read, tells the story of Kirk and Patricia Ackley, a construction worker and a Walmart employee in Washington State. More than a decade ago, they bought a new manufactured home big enough for their children and room to care for Patricia’s dad, who had dementia. But their dream became a nightmare when the promised 7 percent interest rate was raised to 12.5 percent. This family faced crisis when this raised their monthly payment from $700 to $1,100. They had already invested $11,000 to build the concrete foundation for their new home. They took the loan, but it destroyed their finances and nearly cost them their marriage. The home was repossessed. A 2015 investigation by the Center for Public Integrity and The Seattle Times interviewed more than 280 customers of Clayton Homes. One person they interviewed was a member of the Navajo Nation. She said she learned about Clayton on Navajo radio. The ad recommended that she talk to a specific Navajospeaking salesperson at a lot outside of the reservation. He told her that Vanderbilt Mortgage was the only source of finance for homes on the reservation. He didn’t tell her the truth and overcharged her. Now it is illegal for a salesperson to steer buyers to highcost loans because of new rules from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. But section 915 of the bill weakens those protections. Loans with high interest rates can be especially devastating to buyers of mobile homes since houses often depreciate quickly. A buyer with a high rate will still owe a large sum for many years on a home that can be almost impossible to sell or finance. That is because the value of the home can fall below the loan balance. Opponents of my amendment say that they want to help manufactured home buyers. That is a good thing. Yet none of them have cosponsored H.R. 515, which would provide lowcost loans to owners of outdated mobile homes so they can buy ENERGY STAR homes, which would reduce their bills and save energy. None of them have joined me to cosponsor the Frank Adelmann Manufactured Housing Community Sustainability Act, which helps residents of mobile home communities form a cooperative and buy the land that they live on. Or what about H.R. 3583 that gives manufactured homeowners located in communities the same tax benefits as those who own their own land? I have introduced these bills to try to help people who live in manufactured homes. We do and must stand with them because this is an affordable, and sometimes quality, housing option for people, and yet manufactured homeowners support my bills. Right here we have the National Manufactured Home Owners Association, which has said very clearly that my amendment is a good one. There is a way to help manufactured homeowners that does not involve overcharging them. There is a way forward to help owners of manufactured housing without helping Clayton Homes and its affiliates make more money off of them. And let’s be clear, nearly no other lender benefits to this change to section 915. Ninetyone percent of the highcost loans come from lenders owned by Clayton. The industry’s second largest mobile home lender, Wells Fargo, didn’t have a single loan in the highrate pool in The Seattle Times study. Protect manufactured home buyers. Support my amendment No. 200. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, the examples raised by my friend, the gentleman from Minnesota, really have nothing to do with the provisions of the bill that the amendment seeks to strike. What the bill does do, the underlying bill, and I thank the gentleman from Georgia for including this in the Financial Services Appropriations bill—what the bill does is make targeted adjustments so that manufactured home loans are available in the market. Again, consumer protection is not denying people access to affordable housing, and that is what the gentleman’s amendment would do. The DoddFrank Act does prevent predatory lending, but nothing in this language changes that at all. Instead of unrelated stories about consumer protections that the bill’s provision will not change, let’s get back to talking about how consumers are actually harmed by the rules we are seeking to change. Look, let’s talk about real people who are affected negatively by overreach by the CFPB and DoddFrank, people in my district in Kentucky, in rural Kentucky where manufactured housing is one of the best affordable options and less expensive than renting. Let’s talk about the hospital worker in Paducah, Kentucky, who was denied a loan of $38,500 to finance a manufactured home. He had an 8 percent down payment. His monthly income was $2,200 per month, plenty to cover the allin housing costs of $670 per month. The payment for his own home would have been less than what he was spending on rent, but he was unable to get financing. Why? Because of the CFPB; because of DoddFrank; because of overregulation. He contacted his local banks and credit unions, but they no longer financed manufactured homes because of overregulation. Those harmed include those who currently live in and those who seek to purchase a manufactured home: retirees, veterans, working families, et cetera. And the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act data is clear. Consumers have been shut out of the market for quality affordable housing because regulations have caused financing to be less available for manufactured homes. I want to reserve the balance of my time, and I want to give some other Members an opportunity to say something about this, but I do want to just conclude by saying, this amendment, again, is not about consumer protection. The amendment protects consumers right out of their homes. That is not consumer protection. Keeping access to affordable homeownership is the American Dream. We shouldn’t be denying that to people, especially in rural America. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time, and may I ask how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Kentucky has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, it is interesting, some of the debate we are having here this afternoon. We are picking around on the edges of some things and don’t really understand the unintended consequences of what we are trying to do here. The amendment that is here, to try to change the definitions of what a mortgage originator and a highcost mortgage to facilitate access to credit for purchasing manufactured homes, is going to do just the opposite of what the gentleman is trying to do. Do you realize that the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), in his district, he has testified in our committee that over 50 percent of the people in his district live in manufactured homes. This is not a little bitty problem of half a dozen people living over on the side. This is a major source of housing for many people. I can tell you, I have got a story right here from a banker in southeast Missouri who had an individual who has several disabilities, was a very honest man, wanted to come in and take care of a dental problem that he had, and his only collateral was a truck and his manufactured home. He wanted to make the loan on the manufactured home because he could stretch out the payments and do it at a less interest rate, but he couldn’t do that. Why? Because the way the law is 
structured, he had to do it on his car loan, and, as a result, it really strained and put difficulties in the way of—put barriers in the way of this individual. So I certainly am opposed to the amendment. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. BARRfor his work on this. I mean, the language that the author of this amendment is trying to strip is actually language that improves the quality and affordability of housing for millions of Americans. So I appreciate Mr. BARRfor trying to save Americans from the limited access to resources out there. Unfortunately, new regulations by the CFPB have limited access to financing options for manufacturing homes as well as many other things. b1530 And, as a result, many lenders now today are no longer able to offer small balance loans, which are often used for the purchase of affordable housing, such as manufactured housing. We should be supporting and encouraging more access to financing. After all, we are talking about the American Dream, the ownership of your home. Don’t take that away. I thank the gentleman for his work, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, just to conclude, this is not about raising costs for people. This is about actually making it more affordable to own a home. There may be, in some cases, a higher interest rate for a manufactured home than a sitebuilt home. But, remember, a manufactured home can be less than half the cost of a sitebuilt home. So you are talking about overall affordability. Why would we deny people the opportunity to have overall affordability, as opposed to being forced into higher cost rent where they don’t even own the American Dream, or being in a position where they can’t afford at all? The only option available is a site built home, a nonmanufactured home. Defeat this amendment, preserve access to rural affordable housing, be pro consumer, and oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 201 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 201 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 598, strike line 12 and all that follows through page 599, line 2. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is to preserve the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s authority to regulate smalldollar loans. Sometimes people need access to more money quickly. We know that. Your car breaks down, your refrigerator dies, or your kid breaks a leg at a soccer game and you get hit with an unexpected health bill. Life happens sometimes, not on a plan. We get that. Unfortunately, too many people— about half of families—do not have the adequate savings for the cushion. Right now, Mr. Chairman, about 63 percent of all Americans report that they do not know what they would do if hit with an unexpected $500 bill. If they take out a payday loan or a title loan, they can fall into a cycle of debt, and many people do. Instead of getting one $500 loan, most people get a repeat loan of 6 to 10, on average, paying additional fees each time, at 400 percent interest. So a $500 loan could cost thousands of dollars. More than 80 percent of the payday industry’s revenues are generated by repeat borrowers, not oneanddone, Mr. Chairman. That is why the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau prioritized improving the smalldollar loan market. Unfortunately, language in this bill would stop the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from moving forward to rein in abuses in the payday loans, auto title loans, and other similar debt traps. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has documented through extensive study how payday lending traps borrowers in a cycle of debt: one in three auto title loans in default, one in five borrowers using auto title loans have their cars repossessed. That is 20 percent. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is close to releasing guidance to improve this market. Its efforts are supported by a broad network of civil rights and consumer advocates, as well as faithbased leaders opposing predatory lending. I am really proud of Exodus Lending in my district. The Minneapolis Lutheran congregation recognized that too many of their congregants were stuck in debt traps. Their parishioners had jobs. They had bank accounts. But when they took out smalldollar loans, it gave lenders access to their bank accounts, which stripped out a third of their paycheck every 2 weeks. Instead of one loan, they ended up getting ten because they could not repay the first loan. So the Lutherans, working with Sunrise Banks, established an alternative. They made more than 100 loans to people stuck in debt traps. Other communities are creating smalldollar lending alternatives through employer assistance programs with forprofit partners. My amendment would simply allow the CFPB to finalize its rulemaking so cool ideas like these, to help people out of debt, could go forward. We need strong Federal standards so people can have access to small loans on a quick basis without falling prey to debt traps. Research from the Center for Responsible Lending shows that payday lending drains $3.4 billion a year nationally from consumers’ pockets—money that is no longer available to help pay for medicine, new tires, or any kind of emergency. The CFPB is very close to putting forth a better way to get private sector lenders involved. We could have a $300 loan with $60 fees that someone can repay. Let’s allow the CFPB to move forward to better smalldollar loans. Please support my amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Missouri is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, in June, the House passed H.R. 10, the Financial CHOICE Act, with overwhelming support. Section 733 of the Financial CHOICE Act contained language to remove the CFPB’s authority to regulate small dollar credit. Federalizing payday loan regulation is unnecessary and harms consumers. The legislatures of several States have determined the respective shortterm smalldollar lending solutions that work for their constituents. No State is without smalldollar shortterm lending laws and regulation of some kind. Congress has an obligation not to suspend the Democratic process in the States by delegating to the CFPB Director the authority to impose one unelected man’s view on all Americans. Smalldollar and payday loan products are an unfortunate necessity for many unbanked and underbanked Americans. What is the APR for losing a job, Mr. Chairman? What is the APR for getting evicted and having your utilities shut off? What is the opportunity cost for struggling Americans no longer having access to this vital lifeline? Removing the option to utilize a smalldollar shortterm loan is likely 
to have a very real and very harmful impact on a consumer, forcing them to miss bill payments, shift to the alternative, potential legal options, or exacerbating any number of other conceivable financial emergencies that could arise. Mr. Chairman, I believe the best way to improve products is to promote competition and offering them, not ban them. The Financial CHOICE Act ensures that the market, not the regulators, is responsible for determining product viability in the marketplace. Mr. Chairman, CFPB’s own study showed that their regulation was going to drive out of business 85 percent of the smalldollar lenders, and they still went ahead. They don’t care. They intend to restrict credit to these very people that need the credit. An FDIC 2015 study shows that 25 percent of the people in this country are either unbanked or underbanked. How do we solve that problem? How do those folks have access to credit? The CFPB is not trying to regulate. They are trying to destroy the small dollar lending market. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, let’s be clear, to get a payday loan, you have to have a bank account and a job. We are not talking about the unbanked. We are talking about people who run into a shortterm financial crisis, they go to a payday lender, but the amount of the fees are so high that they have to borrow money to pay the money back, and they end up getting in a cycle of 6 to 10 loans that they have to continue to take out, which drains money from their finances. They lose bank accounts because of payday loans. We are saying: Let the CFPB allow the regulatory process, the rulemaking process, to go forward. Let’s not chop it off, let’s not stop it, and let’s see what we can find out. People in my district have come up with some pretty innovative ways to go around the high cost, highAPR payday lending scam. But if we just say, No, we are just going to take authority away from the CFPB, what we are really doing is subjecting Americans to the payday loan industry. Now, I don’t want to take support from those guys, so I am happy to stand up here and say: Vote for my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Minnesota has expired. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. Here we go again: another amendment defending another onesizefits all Washington solution, and a solution that the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals would say is going to be promulgated by the single most powerful official, other than the President, in the United States Government, an official that could effect the lives of countless Americans who are in need of short term credit. This amendment is a solution in search of a problem. There is no regulation going on in payday lending. The fact is these transactions are being regulated. They are being regulated at the State level by legislators who know their States and their constituents. This CFPB action, if they act here, may very well remove the option to utilize a smalldollar shortterm loan, and that is likely to have a very real and very harmful impact on the consumer, forcing them to miss bill payments, shift to alternative—potentially illegal—options, or exacerbating any number of other conceivable financial emergencies that could arise. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Missouri has 2 minutes remaining. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the distinguished chairman of the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I join this team here in opposition to the amendment. I want us just to think about what we have heard over the last several minutes of debate here of various amendments. First, we heard an amendment offered to take away the American Dream so that consumers couldn’t buy a home at an affordable cost. Next, we are hearing that the other side of the aisle wants to take away the ability of small loans from individuals and consumers across the country. But even prior to that, they did not want the very agency that is causing this damage to have any oversight by Congress. This is maddening. This is amazing. I appreciate the good work that has been done by the Financial Services Committee. I am glad we have been able to incorporate a lot of the great work into this bill. Mr. Chairman, I join these gentlemen in opposition to the amendment because this is about making America prosperous again, and that is what this bill does. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, this is really frustrating to me from the standpoint that just a minute ago I gave the figure of 25 percent of our people are either unbanked or underbanked. My good colleague across the aisle said he is not worried that people who are unbanked can’t have access to payday lending or shortterm lending, and that is just not accurate. That is, quite frankly, in many instances, where people get their credit started. They go to someplace like this because they have a job. You can’t get a payday loan or a smalldollar loan like this unless you have a job. They take the stub of their paycheck and they can go in and say, I have got a job. From there, they are able to then start paying back whatever the loan is that they take out. I have in front of me also a whole list of groups of folks and individuals here who have utilized shortterm small dollar programs. Here is Michelle from Fulton, Missouri, in my own district. She says: My frustration to loan access today is that my 20yearold daughter, who has a fulltime, decentpaying job, cannot get a loan to buy her first vehicle. She isn’t even able to get a credit card, which you used to be able to just apply for and you would get it. It is a catch 22: you need credit to get credit. But nobody will give you credit to begin with. This is an opportunity for a lot of people to get their foot in the door to get credit established and, if you have bad credit, to reestablish good credit. And it also helps people to take care of—and I have another whole bunch of stories here about a young man who needed to get a car loan to get his car fixed, as the gentleman from Minnesota indicated. So, again, Mr. Chairman, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment, and I ask everybody else to do so as well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 203 printed in House Report 115–297. 
AMENDMENT NO . 204 OFFERED BY MR . MITCHELL  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 204 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 348, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,175,100)’’. Page 354, line 22, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $33,083,700)’’. Page 360, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $481,000,000)’’. Page 377, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,500,000)’’. Page 381, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. Page 392, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,853,800)’’. Page 413, line 20, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $12,300,000)’’. Page 446, line 17, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $26,500,000)’’. Page 634, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert (increased by $596,412,600). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. b1545 Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chairman, our Nation faces a dire fiscal situation. We have reached our debt limit, we have lifted our debt limit, and we are now determining how to control our spending while still funding necessary programs. What is worse, too many of our Federal regulations and mandates that we fund—or maybe more appropriately, the taxpayers fund—are unnecessary and exact burdensome, excessive costs on our constituents, both families and businesses. The reality is we can and we must make cuts to our government before financial markets make them for us. We can do that without impacting essential programs if we make the right targeted cuts. If we make those cuts, we can actually grow our economy by stopping overeager bureaucrats who seem to believe that everything—and I do mean everything—should be regulated until it no longer functions. Not only is such action possible, it is essential for the wellbeing of the American economy and our families. We in Congress need to be focused on growing and protecting Main Street, not protecting an already bloated Federal Government. The amendment I have proposed today makes a cut to the bureaucracy of several offices of Financial Services. These cuts are a modest 10 percent reduction of administrative expenses, which will save taxpayers over $596 million, annually. Let me repeat that. That is over half a billion dollars a year. If we put enough together, it is real money. One of the cuts included in the amendment is to the IRS. My amendment does not target IRS services, those that help taxpayers get a lost refund or have questions about filing. Lord knows those people need all the help they can get to understand our Tax Code. Rather, the amendment focuses on IRS enforcement. This is the part of the IRS that abused their power by targeting groups based on their political beliefs, victimizing groups and individuals for exercising their constitutional rights and trying to follow the rule of law. They misled Americans and took 3 years to provide a full list of organizations that were targeted for their political beliefs. This is an agency that must be stopped, and my amendment is a step towards doing so, while saving the American taxpayers money. I urge my colleagues to seriously consider my amendment as we work to secure our financial future and hold our government accountable. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chairman, this type of amendment bluntly imposes cuts to government function without regard to merit or consequence. Indiscriminate cuts to the administration accounts in this bill would lead to weakened cybersecurity and increased threat of cyberattacks to the Department of the Treasury systems, poor administration of grants to small businesses, longer wait times for citizens seeking assistance from Federal agencies, longer processing times for issuing Federal payments, reducing the ability of the IRS to detect and deter tax cheats, costly shortterm spending decisions, and widespread delays in civil and bankruptcy cases, just as a few examples. The underlying bill is already dangerously underfunded, having been cut by 6 percent below current levels. Furthermore, the administrative accounts were a large source of this reduction to total funding, and this amendment blindly strips nearly $600 million more out of these offices. This amendment would not encourage the agencies to do more with less. Simply put, it would force the agencies and our constituents to do less with less. Mr. Chair, I strongly urge Members to oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), my colleague and the chair of the subcommittee. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I know Mr. QUIGLEY and our team have worked hard on this bill, and there are a lot of tough decisions, no doubt about that. We have made some tremendously difficult decisions. I know Mr. MITCHELL was sitting here with a mission from his constituency, and that was to produce savings, to find savings and to reduce the debt and the deficit. Mr. Chairman, I applaud his efforts. I know he has sharpened his pencil and he has done a lot of work, and I appreciate him bringing this concept before the House. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, just across theboard cuts are an abdication of responsibility. It is up to us as appropriators to determine exactly what needs funding and at what levels. For those reasons, I ask my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Chair, I have to say, I am astonished at the response that an acrosstheboard cut is indiscriminate. It actually allows the agencies within their administrative accounts to manage money as they best see fit. The idea that we can’t cut 10 percent of the budget only works in government. I spent a big part of my career in the private sector—over 30 years. I spent quite a period of time with the Chrysler Corporation in the original loan guarantee days, where Lee Iacocca said: If you can’t cut 10 percent of your budget, I will find a new manager. We saved the company. It happens in the real world every day—Lord knows it happened after 2008 and the financial crash—yet somehow we are looking at government agencies and they can’t save 10 percent in administrative costs. It is not possible to do it without Armageddon in Financial Services, without a cybersecurity crash, without all the fearmongering that comes over a simple cut. If we are ever going to get to the point that we can afford the government we have, we have to have some fiscal limitations. We have to have some responsibility. Rather than these broad strokes of it is indiscriminate, if we target it, that will be a problem, too. I urge my colleagues to support an amendment that holds some accountability and saves half a billion dollars in the Federal budget and makes people simply manage within their resources like the rest of the world has to. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 205 OFFERED BY MR . JENKINS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 205 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 360, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $6,000,000)’’. Page 384, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $6,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, HIDTA, the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, is a critically important program that brings together Federal, State, and local law enforcement, and it is making a difference in my home State and in many parts of the country. 
HIDTA is a flexible program that has helped law enforcement afford critical overtime and equipment that they would struggle to afford. This program is tackling our most challenging public health and safety issue of our time: the drug opioid epidemic. HIDTA is needed. The opioid epidemic is getting worse, and this is not a time to hold back on funding programs that work. At Thomas Health System in South Charleston, West Virginia, the number of infants born exposed to opioids and other drugs increased from 95 babies in 2013 to 189 babies in 2016. That is an increase of 99 percent in just 4 years. Overdose death rates continue to climb as well. In my home town in Huntington, overdoses in 2017 have already surpassed the number in 2016. In 2017, there have been 1,250 overdoses, an increase of—get this—450 percent since 2014, a 450 percent increase in 4 years. Just last year, West Virginia added two new HIDTA counties and another county’s application is pending review. HIDTA works. It is evident, with counties across this country applying to become HIDTA counties, there is demand. We must increase funding for this critical program. I urge adoption of this amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR). Mr. BARR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman JENKINS for his leadership on this important issue. Mr. Chairman, I join my colleague from West Virginia in introducing this amendment, which seeks to increase funding to the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area program by $6 million. Frankly, that is not enough, but it is an improvement over the status quo. This program is a proven program, established to help combat the sale and distribution of illegal narcotics. I am greatly concerned about the current and future wellbeing of this Nation and States like my home Commonwealth of Kentucky, which, according to the Centers for Disease Control, has the third highest rate of fatalities due to drug overdose in the Nation, falling close behind West Virginia and New Hampshire. Members of my Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky Drug Abuse Task Force, which is comprised of local, State, and Federal experts in the fields of law enforcement, drug treatment, recovery, education, and prevention efforts, recommended increased funding for HIDTA initiatives to help fight this crisis. We hear it from our constituents, the heartbreaking stories of loved ones who have succumbed to addiction and the heartbreaking stories of first responders who are called to the scene of overdose deaths. In 2016 alone, HIDTAs took $17.3 billion of illicit drugs off the streets and out of our communities, which equates to a return on investment of $75 for every $1 in HIDTA budgeted in 2016. We can prudently use this return on investment to continue to help take narcotic drugs out of our communities while helping to provide funding for treatment and prevention efforts for nonviolent drug abusers. Mr. Chairman, we all personally know someone who has fallen to addiction by drugs or even fallen victim to a drug overdose. I ask my fellow colleagues to support this important amendment, which would truly make a difference in helping our communities fight this alarming epidemic. It is a workforce development issue. Many of the employers in Kentucky— and I know, in West Virginia as well— talk about the labor supply difficulties as a result of the addiction crisis, but even worse is the human tragedy. We know that this works. In Madison County, Kentucky, it has worked. Many other counties are applying for this money, and with that, there is more demand for more funding. Please support this amendment. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chair, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, let me close by saying a deep, heartfelt thank you to Congressman BARRfrom Kentucky. He has been a stalwart in fighting this drug epidemic and supporting efforts like HIDTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the subcommittee chairman, Chairman GRAVES . He has been terrific in Financial Services. When you think about where we started in this process, he has brought us lightyears away in funding for HIDTA. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the full committee, Chairman FRELING HUYSEN . He has been terrific in, again, restoring muchneeded funding. This amendment, if adopted, is an important final step needed to address this critical issue. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 206 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 206 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 356, line 21 , after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’. Page 361, line 17, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. b1600 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a very simple proposition of adding $500,000 to the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, which supports locally based community organizations working to expand economic development, affordable housing, community banking, and financial services. The underpinning of this amendment is to enhance financial literacy, as seen by many of us in our district, as a very important component. Let me thank the chairman and ranking member for bringing this underlying bill to the floor, and let me indicate that this is a small measure, working with all of the agencies, to ensure that the many elements of financial documents or financial opportunities that lowincome communities have, they will be informed and literate about how much to borrow and, as well, what opportunities they can take advantage of. Certainly, it will be impactful for those of us in areas where we have experienced the severe hurricanes and natural disasters that will be impacting our community for a long time. The CDFI provides for economic development, job creation, business development, and commercial real estate development, affordable housing, housing development, home ownership, community development, financial services, basic banking services to underserved communities, and financial literacy training. It also helps Native Americans through providing for financial assistance, technical assistance, and training to Native Americans CDFIs and other Native American entities proposing to become or create CDFIs. Through these programs, direct investment is provided, supporting and training financial institutions that provide loans, investment financial services, and technical assistance to underserved populations. And I can assure you that the inequities in banking in lowincome communities, the access to banking clearly suggests that more work needs to be done by the CDFI. Finally, I would make the point that our overall community experienced a major loss of wealth in the last 15 years, starting with the 2007–2008 mortgage debacle, which caused a lot of lowincome people to lose wealth. The importance of helping them with financial literacy, I believe, is an important element. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of the Jackson Lee amendment to Division F of H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018.’’ I wish to commend Chairman G RAVES and Ranking Member QUIGLEY for their work in shepherding this legislation to the floor. Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee amendment improves the bill by increasing funding by 
$500,000 to the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund program for people receiving financial assistance and for the responsibilities that this very important subagency has. Treasury’s Community Development Financial Institutions Fund program administers the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund, the CDFI. Through its various programs, the CDFI Fund enables locallybased organizations to further goals such as: 1. economic development; 2. job creation, business development, 3. and commercial real estate development; 4. affordable housing; 5. housing development and homeownership; 6. community development financial services; 7. basic banking services to underserved communities; and 8. financial literacy training. The good news is that this spreads across the Nation, regardless of whether you live in an urban center or the rural countryside. Through these programs, direct investment is provided supporting and training financial institutions that provide loans, investment financial services, and technical assistance to underserved populations and communities. From the perspective of Texas, this is a good thing because it emphasizes overall investment and development. CDFI also serves Native Americans through by providing financial assistance, technical assistance, and training to Native American CDFIs and other Native American entities proposing to become or create CDFIs. I appreciate very much the support this Committee has been given to CDFI and believe that the modest increase in funding provided by the Jackson Lee amendment will it enable it expand economic opportunity for more communities. Finally, let us remember that the loss of wealth in rural communities is creating hardships because, like urban dwellers, a substantial portion of their wealth, like, was tied to the value of their homes. The Jackson Lee amendment is intended to help restore and increase financial health among our individual families and communities. I urge all Members to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s thoughts and advocacy for communities and developing them, and certainly our thoughts and prayers go to her and her constituencies that have been impacted through the recent hurricanes, as we do with Florida and the other Southeastern States. This is just one of those tough decisions that there are only limited resources that we had to work with, so we had to make some tough decisions. In fact, there are many areas in this bill that I wish we could provide additional resources for. But I am glad that we could take this from what was given to us originally, as zeroed out by the President in his recommendation, and we were able to begin backfilling it for these needed loans for communities to allow for some of the development to occur and small businesses to be able to thrive. So I know that, working with Ranking Member QUIGLEY , we did what we could, and we both wish we could have done more. And I know, as we move forward through the process, we will continue looking at this. But, again, let me close by saying that I certainly understand the gentlewoman’s thoughts on this, and I know that all of the committee supports her sentiment in this case. But because of the reasons I stated, the limited resources, and the tough decisions we had to make, I have to oppose this amendment and urge everyone to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. While, I am clearly disappointed in the response, I am glad that I offered this amendment. I think the position is wrong as it relates to the needs to help individuals who have already suffered an enormous blow. In particular, financial literacy is an aspect that is certainly needed in low income communities, and we can see the impact of not having the understanding of various financial opportunities. And the CDFI has done that, and particularly supporting Native Americans among many others. So I would ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment because it is not a lot and it would add to this aspect of financial literacy, which we need. There are a lot of products that are out there, and I guess I might say that, as much as we have tried, with the Community Reinvestment Act, to assist or to encourage or to push our financial institutions to lend to our many diverse groups, lowincome groups and minority populations, it is still a problem in getting access to funds by lowincome communities. So the CDFI and the focused addition that I would add would, in fact, make a major difference, and I would ask my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I will close with this. The gentlewoman won’t be the first to ever be disappointed in my response, I can assure you that. But let me just point out for the House here, she is asking for a halfa milliondollar increase in this fund when, in fact, we increased it by $176 million over the President’s request. So I think that is moving far away from where we started, and to a better spot. And while I wish we could provide a little bit more, we can’t. Mr. Chairman, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FRANKS of Arizona). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 207 OFFERED BY MR . HUIZENGA  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 207 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, I rise to offer an amendment to suspend implementation of section 1502 of the Dodd Frank Act. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chairman, this misguided provision in DoddFrank requires the Securities and Exchange Commission to mandate that public companies disclose whether socalled ‘‘conflict minerals’’ they use in their products benefit armed groups in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and its nine adjoining countries. Despite its best intentions, section 1502 has been ineffective and, in some cases, has been shown to have increased violence is central Africa. That is why this suspension that I am proposing passed the House last year as an amendment to the FSGG appropriations bill, and a full repeal of section 1502 passed the House this Congress as part of the Financial CHOICE Act. Conflict minerals refer to tin, tungsten, tantalum, and gold, which have been used in a variety of products, from cell phones, cosmetics, jewelry, footwear, apparel, and even auto suppliers located in west Michigan. Mr. Chairman, the breadth of voices opposing section 1502 is remarkable, and I would like to start with those that matter most. For too long, the people of central Africa have been overlooked in this debate, even though they are the ones who suffer from DoddFrank’s unintended consequences. I include in the RECORD an open letter from 70 Congolese leaders and other regional experts. 
ANOPENLETTER  Dear governments, companies, nongovernmental organisations, and other stakeholders implicated in efforts of various kinds related to the issue of ‘conflict minerals’, In early 2014, two international industry giants—Intel and Apple—issued refined corporate social responsibility policies for minerals sourced in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The announcements followed an unprecedented wave of 
guidelines, lawmaking, and initiatives over the past few years to ‘clean up’ the eastern DRC’s mining sector, and were met with widespread praise. Perhaps the most widely publicised of these efforts is US legislation known as Section 1502 of the DoddFrank Act, which asks all companies registered on the US stock market to reveal their supply chains to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) when sourcing minerals from the eastern DRC or neighbouring countries. Canada is in the advanced stages of developing similar legislation, and many other countries are looking closely at the issue. The European Union has introduced a voluntary conflict minerals regulation scheme for all member states, and the United Nations (UN) and Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) have developed guidelines on sourcing natural resources in high risk areas such as the eastern DRC. These efforts primarily target artisanal (or ‘informal’) mining in the eastern DRC, due to widespread international recognition that socalled conflict minerals (most notably tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold) produced by artisanal mining in this part of the world have helped conflict actors generate revenue to finance their operations in the DRC over the past two decades. 
THE SITUATION  Despite successes of activists in shaping policy, the conflict minerals campaign fundamentally misunderstands the relationship between minerals and conflict in the eastern DRC. First, while the minerals help perpetuate the conflict, they are not its cause. National and regional political struggles over power and influence as well as issues such as access to land and questions of citizenship and identity are just some of the more structural drivers of conflict. The ability to exploit and profit from minerals is often a means to finance military operations to address these issues, rather than an end in itself. Internal UN assessments, for instance, show that only 8% of the DRC’s conflicts are linked to minerals, and specific motivations vary greatly across the vast array of different armed groups. Second, armed groups are not dependent on mineral revenue for their existence. The eastern DRC is a fully militarised economy, in which minerals are just one resource among many that armed groups—and the national army FARDC—can levy financing from. The M23, until recently the most powerful nonstate armed group in DRC, never sought physical control over mining activity. Moreover, few local stakeholders have been included in ongoing international policy making, and as a result realities on the ground have not always been taken into account. Setting up the required systems and procedures to regularly access and audit thousands of artisanal mining sites in isolated and hardtoreach locations spread across an area almost twice the size of France would be a challenge for any government. In the eastern DRC, where road infrastructure is poor to nonexistent and state capacity desperately low, the enormity of the task is hard to overstate. But in demanding that companies prove the origin of minerals sourced in the eastern DRC or neighbouring countries before systems able to provide such proof have been put in place, conflict minerals activists and resultant legislation—in particular Section 1502 of the DoddFrank Act—inadvertently incentivize buyers on the international market to pull out of the region altogether and source their minerals elsewhere. 
THE RESULT  As a result, the conflict minerals movement has yet to lead to meaningful improvement on the ground, and has had a number of unintended and damaging consequences. Nearly four years after the passing of the DoddFrank Act, only a small fraction of the hundreds of mining sites in the eastern DRC have been reached by traceability or certification efforts. The rest remain beyond the pale, forced into either illegality or collapse as certain international buyers have responded to the legislation by going ‘Congo free’. This in turn has driven many miners into the margins of legality (for instance, feeding into smuggling rackets), where armed actors return through the loopholes of transnational regulation. Others have simply lost their jobs, and in areas where mining has ceased, local economies have suffered. To put this in context, an estimated eight to ten million people across the country are dependent on artisanal mining for their livelihood. Some former miners have returned to subsistence agriculture, but persisting insecurity levels leave them in abject poverty facing dire living conditions, in fear of missing harvests due to displacement. Others have been prompted to join militias as a means to quick cash in the absence of other opportunities; a particularly perverse impact, when one considers the intentions of the movement. Alongside the impact on mining communities and local economies, several armed groups have responded by turning to different businesses such as trading in charcoal, marijuana, palm oil, soap, or consumer goods. Those remaining in the mining sector have largely traded mineral exploitation on site for mineral taxation a few steps down the supply chain, operating numerous roadblocks that can bring in millions of dollars a year. Others are reported to have sent in family members or civilian allies to run business for them on site, while they remain safely at a distance. For the few mining sites fortunate enough to be reached by Joint Assessment Teams responsible for determining their ‘conflictfree’ status, these teams have been unable to provide the regular, threemonth validation visits envisaged in legislation. There is an additional delay of several months following these visits before the Congolese Ministry of Mines reviews and approves the assessment at the national level. Given the speed at which situations can change in volatile environments, infrequent assessments and lengthy delays raise concerns over the accuracy of certification and the credibility of the system. More worrying still, multinational corporations such as Apple and Intel are auditing smelters to determine the conflictfree status of the minerals they source, and not the mines themselves. As smelters are located outside of the DRC and audits are not always conducted by third parties, these processes raise further concerns over whether conflictfree certifications reflect production realities. By far the most advanced site in terms of producing ‘conflictfree’ minerals for sale to the international market is Kalimbi, a tin mining area home to externallyfinanced initiatives running an industryled bagging andtagging scheme called iTSCi. Yet even here, despite the establishment of a ‘closed pipeline’ from mine to exportation, the mine still suffers from the sporadic influence of armed actors, and miners are made to bear the additional costs of ‘conflictfree’ schemes. This raises further concerns over the credibility of the system in place, and its suitability for the scaleup and expansion to other, more remote mine sites currently underway. Coupled with slow progress in implementation, the trend towards the monopolisation of ‘conflictfree’ supply chain initiatives, in particular traceability by iTSCi, is economically damaging to local populations since it currently excludes and isolates the overwhelming majority of mining communities from legal access to international markets. THE ALTERNATIVE  There is broad consensus for the need to clean up the eastern Congo’s minerals sector, yet much disagreement about the international community’s current model for achieving this goal. As such, efforts to improve transparency in the eastern DRC’s mineral supply chains should continue. Yet a more nuanced and holistic approach that takes into account the realities of the eastern DRC’s mining sector and the complexity of the conflict is needed. To this end, we make the following five recommendations: Improve consultation with government and communities: Congolese government and civil society were poorly consulted on Section 1502 of the DoddFrank Act prior to its passing, and as a result many were unaware of its implications. The few who were consulted were unanimously proDoddFrank, creating additional conflicts on local levels where endorsement and dissent compete. More Congolese voices must be listened to, and the local context and power structures taken into account. This would ensure greater understanding of the local context and better harmonisation with existing national and regional initiatives, such as the International Conference of the Great Lakes Region’s (ICGLR) Regional Initiative against the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources. Work towards meaningful reform: The audit process should be designed to improve policies and practices rather than to just provide windowdressing. The dominant belief that static oversight and validation processes ensure ‘conflictfree’ mineral trade is misplaced given the volatile security situation in most of the eastern DRC. Both mines and smelters should be regularly inspected and the time period between inspection and certification minimized. Where this is not feasible, additional waivers or similar measures should not be ruled out. Create incentives towards better practice: Legal frameworks must be supported by real projects on the ground that can meet their requirements. If this is not possible—which is clearly still the case today, nearly four years after the passing of DoddFrank—then transition periods must be extended and the lowering of excessively high standards for ‘conflictfree’ minerals should be considered. Similarly, former conflict actors should be incentivised where appropriate to join new ‘conflictfree’ schemes. This may help avoid the eventual subversion or infiltration of the ‘clean’ system put in place, as has been seen to date. Promote fair competition: Regulation must be based on competition that allows not only international businesses but also Congolese producers to influence (i.e. increase) local price schemes. This in turn would encourage a regime that ensures minimum wages which mining cooperatives can guarantee to their members based on their increased leverage on the price fluctuation. Widen the lens: Root causes of conflict such as land, identity, and political contest in the context of a militarized economy, rather than a single focus on minerals, must be considered by advocates seeking to reduce conflict violence. Furthermore, efforts to eradicate conflict minerals should not overlook the fact that artisanal mining is a key livelihood in the eastern DRC that holds as much potential to help steer the region away from conflict as it does to contribute towards it. More supportive measures are needed—such as those found in the earlier 2009 
draft of the US Conflict Minerals Act—that can help capture the economic potential of artisanal mining. Finally, other critical challenges such as access to credit, technical knowledge, hazardous working conditions, and environmental degradation should not be ignored by multinational corporations if they seek to improve business practices and increase transparency in their supply chains. So far, progress has been made in producing more ethical products for consumers, but stakeholders have not yet proceeded to improve the lives of Congolese people, nor address the negative impact current ‘conflictfree’ initiatives are having. If the conflict minerals agenda is to lead to positive change on the ground, legislation passed by national governments and steps such as those outlined by Apple or Intel need to be grounded in a more holistic approach that is better tailored to local realities. Failure to do so will continue to seriously limit the ability of conflict minerals initiatives to improve the daily lives of the eastern Congolese and their neighbours. Worse, these initiatives will risk contributing to, rather than alleviating, the very conflicts they set out to address. 
LIST OF SIGNATORIES  1. Aloys Tegera (Director, POLE Institute Goma) 2. Ann Laudati (Lecturer at the School for Geographical Sciences, University of Bristol) 3. Ashley Leinweber (Assistant Professor of Political Science, Missouri State University) 4. Ben Radley (Researcher, International Institute of Social Studies & ‘Obama’s Law’ Producer) 5. Bonnie Campbell (Professor of Political Science, Universite´du Que´bec a`Montre´al) 6. Christiane Kayser (Independent Analyst & Civil Peace ServiceBread for the World mobile team) 7. Christoph Vogel (Researcher, University of Zurich & Independent analyst/writer) 8. Cyprien Birhingingwa (Executive Secretary, COSOCGL & Coordinator of CENADEP Kivu) 9. Daniel Rothenberg (Professor of Practice, School of Politics and Global Studies, Arizona State University) 10. David Rieff (Independent Author and Commentator). 11. Deo Buuma (Executive Secretary, Action pour la Paix et la Concorde—APC, Bukavu) 12. Didier de Failly s.j. (Directeur, Mason de Mines du Kivu, Bukavu) 13. Dominic Johnson (Africa Editor and Deputy Foreign Editor, die tageszeitung) 14. Dorothea Hilhorst (Professor of Humanitarian Aid and Reconstruction, Wageningen University) 15. Emmanuel Shamavu (Director, APRODEPED, Bukavu) 16. Eric Kajemba (Coordinator, Observatoire Gouvernance et Paix, Bukavu) 17. Esther Marijnen (Researcher, Institute for European Studies/Vrije Universiteit Brussel) 18. Evariste Mfaume (Executive Director, ‘‘Solidarite´des Volontaires pour l’Humanite´’’) 19. Gabriel Kamundala (Researcher, CEGEMI & Universite Catholique de Bukavu) 20. Ganza Buroko (Cultural Operator & Coordinator of Yole´!Africa, Goma). 21. Godefroid Ka¨Mana (Professor, ULPGL Goma & UEA Bukavu & Universite ´Kasavubu Boma) 22. Godefroid Muzalia (Professor, Institut Supe´rieur Pe´dagogique de Bukavu) 23. Henning Tamm (Postdoctoral Prize Research Fellow, Nuffield College, University of Oxford) 24. Herbert Weiss (Emeritus Professor of Political Science, City University of New York) 25. James Smith (Associate Professor of Anthropology, University of California/ Davis) 26. Jean Ziegler (Former UN Special Rapporteur for the Right to Food and Professor at University of Geneva) 27. Jeroen Cuvelier (Postdoctoral Researcher, Wageningen University and Ghent University) 28. John Kanyoni (Independent Consultant and VicePresident of the Congolese Chamber of Mines) 29. Josaphat Musamba (Assistant Professor, Universite´Simon Kimbangu of Bukavu) 30. Joschka Havenith (Independent Researcher and Consultant, Cologne). 31. Jose Diemel (Researcher, Special Chair for Humanitarian Aid & Reconstruction, Wageningen University) 32. Joshua Walker (Postdoctoral Research Fellow, University of the Witwatersrand) 33. Josue Mukulumanya (President of the South Kivu mining cooperatives board GECOMISKI) 34. Justine Brabant (Independent Researcher and Journalist) 35. Juve´nal Munubo (Member of Parliament, Democratic Republic of the Congo) 36. Juve´nal Twaibu (Director, Centre Inde´pendant de Recherches et d’Etudes Strate´giques au Kivu) 37. Ken Matthysen (Researcher on artisanal mining in eastern Congo, Antwerp) 38. Kizito Mushizi (Member of Parliament, Democratic Republic of the Congo) 39. Koen Vlassenroot (Director, Conflict Research Group & Professor, Ghent University) 40. Kris Berwouts (Independent Consultant and Author). 41. Kristof Titeca (Assistant Professor, University of Antwerp) 42. Laura Seay (Assistant Professor of Government, Colby College) 43. Ley Uwera (Independent Journalist and Author, Goma) 44. Loochi Muzaliwa (Programme Coordinator, Life and Peace Institute DRC) 45. Micheline Mwendike (Activist, on behalf of LUCHA—Lutte pour le Changement/ Struggle for Change) 46. Manuel Wollschla¨ger (Conseiller Technique, ZFDAGEH in Bukavu) 47. Milli Lake (Assistant Professor, Arizona State University) 48. Nicole Eggers (Assistant Professor of African History, Loyola University New Orleans) 49. Odile Bulabula (Deputy Coordinator, RIO—Network for Organisational Innovation, Bukavu) 50. Pa´draic MacOireachtaigh (Regional Advocacy and Communications Officer, Jesuit Refugee Service). 51. Pamela Faber (Researcher, St Catherine’s College, University of Oxford) 52. Passy Mubalama (Independent Journalist and Author, Goma) 53. Paul Muhindo Mulemberi (Member of Parliament, Democratic Republic of the Congo) 54. PaulRomain Namegabe (Professor of Law, Director of CEGEMI, Universite Catholique de Bukavu) 55. Paulin Bishakabalya (Director of Humanitarian Assistance and Development Committee, Bukavu) 56. Peer Schouten (Postdoctoral Researcher, University of Gothenburg) 57. Phil Clark (Reader in Comparative and International Politics, SOAS / University of London) 58. Rachel Niehuus (Postdoctoral Researcher at University of California, San Francisco) 59. Rachel Strohm (Researcher in Political Science, University of Berkeley) 60. Raf Custers (Independent Journalist and Author on Mining). 61. Re´my Kasindi (Director, Centre for Research and Strategic Studies in Central Africa, Bukavu) 62. Rodrigue Rukumbuzi (Coordinator, AGAPEHauts Plateaux, Uvira) 63. Rosebell Kagumire (Independent Consultant and Blogger, Kampala/Addis Ababa) 64. Salammbo Mulonda Bulambo (Director, PIAP, Bukavu) 65. Sara Geenen (Postdoctoral Researcher, Institute of Development Policy, Antwerp University) 66. Sekombi Katondolo (Director, Radio Mutaani, Goma) 67. Severine Autesserre (Assistant Professor, Barnard College, Columbia University) 68. Thomas Idolwa Tchomba (Consultant and Mining Expert, Goma) 69. Timothy Makori (Researcher, Department of Anthropology, University of Toronto) 70. Timothy Raeymaekers (Lecturer in Political Geography, University of Zurich) 71. Yvette Mwanza (President of the Mining Committee, Fe´de´ration des Entreprises Congolaises North Kivu) 72. Zacharie Bulakali (Independent Researcher on mining in eastern Congo). All the signatories listed express their support to the open letter in its above form but not necessarily approve of accompanying opinion pieces and/or explanatory notes, which remain their respective authors’ views. 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Chair, they state in the letter that section 1502 provisions ‘‘. . . inadvertently incentivize buyers on the international market to pull out of the region altogether and source their minerals elsewhere. ‘‘As a result, the conflict minerals movement has yet to lead to meaningful improvement on the ground, and has had a number of unintended and damaging consequences.’’ DoddFrank’s impact on African miners may seem unimportant to many richcountry activists, but in the Congo, it has been the question of life or death. According to a Washington Post article entitled ‘‘How a wellintentioned U.S. law left Congolese miners jobless,’’ section 1502 ‘‘set off a chain of events that has propelled millions of Congolese miners and their families deeper into poverty.’’ The article goes on to share the story of how a Congolese teenager could no longer feed himself after DoddFrank ravaged the country’s mining sector, forcing the young man to actually join an armed group; the outcome diametrically opposed in the goal of section 1502. Mr. Chairman, no one can claim that these effects were unforeseeable. In fact, in a letter to the SEC commenting on section 1502, leaders from three Congolese mining cooperatives predicted that the conflict minerals rule would lead to a devastating boycott. These miners wrote: ‘‘We cannot continue to suffer any longer. Do we now have to choose between dying by a bullet or starving to death?’’ I ask my colleagues to remember the Congolese aren’t alone in their suffering. The SEC’s rules apply to nine 
AMENDMENT NO . 211 OFFERED BY MR . HECK  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 211 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. 
Page 348, line 18, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,800,000)’’. Page 447, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $3,800,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer a bipartisan amendment in support of the Small Business Administration’s ScaleUp program. Like many of you, one of my favorite things to do when I am back home is to visit local businesses, businesses like Beech Tree Woodworks in Olympia, which just invested in some amazing new cuttingedge machinery; or Zoe Juice Bar in Olympia, which opened with just four employees not that long ago, and they now have more than a dozen, and they are still growing. These businesses have all expanded with the help of SBA’s ScaleUp program. ScaleUp is a program that gives small businesses the tools they need to become not so small anymore. It works within existing community networks to provide the education and technical assistance and access to capital that small businesses need to grow. I include in the RECORD an article from my hometown newspaper which discusses the positive impact ScaleUp has had on our community. 
WHYISTRUMP ’SPROBUSINESS ADMINISTRA TION HURTING BUSINESSES IN THURSTON  COUNTY ? (By Rolf Boone) President Donald Trump once declared that he would be the ‘‘greatest jobs president that God ever created.’’ After a recent decision to cut a business owner training program in Thurston County—and 14 other locations around the country—some might question Trump’s claim. ‘‘The program was under review by the Trump Administration and the decision was made to let the program expire in its entirety at the end of September,’’ said Melanie Norton, a spokeswoman for the Northwest region of the U.S. Small Business Administration. Locally, the program was known as ScaleUp Thurston, a multiweek course that helped businesses beyond the startup stage grow. The twoyearold program was based in Lacey at the Center for Business & Innovation, a partnership of the Thurston Economic Development Council, its business resource center and South Puget Sound Community College. Celia Nightingale is the director of the center. ScaleUp received about $200,000 a year from the SBA, she said. The decision to discontinue the program clearly was not data driven because it produced results, with businesses increasing their revenue and adding employees, Nightingale said. ‘‘I find it hard to believe,’’ said Kevin Leneker about the decision. Leneker is chief executive of Olympiabased Single Handed Consulting, a vocational rehabilitation business that helps injured workers return to work. After participating in ScaleUp in 2016, his revenue grew 57 percent and he increased his staff to 25 from 10. The course taught him to step back and think bigger picture about the future of his business. ‘‘Work on your business, not just in it,’’ he said. Jason Phillips, owner of Zoe Juice Bar in Olympia, also took part in ScaleUp. Phillips said the course allowed him to finetune his business systems and procedures. It also introduced him to other business owners and the importance of networking. His juice bar opened in December 2013, followed by a production space for cold pressed juice in Tumwater. His business opened with four employees. He now has 12– 14, he said. ‘‘It’s really disappointing,’’ he said. ‘‘It was a great resource for small businesses, and small business represents jobs and families’’ ‘‘You feel like you had a friend in your corner,’’ he added about ScaleUp. ScaleUp may have been viewed as a duplication of services already offered by the SBA’s Small Business Development Center, Nightingale said. Leneker praised the services of the Small Business Development Center, but he thinks there was little overlap. ‘‘Not even close,’’ he said. Nightingale said the current ScaleUp program will run through Sept. 29. After that, the plan is to seek grants and corporate sponsorships to keep it going, she said. Perhaps the city of Lacey will step up with some funding. Lacey City Council recently learned about ScaleUp’s end after Councilwoman Rachel Young, a small business owner who serves on the Thurston EDC board, reported the news to a stunned council on July 13. That led business owner and Mayor Andy Ryder to wonder aloud about possibly funding the program. It wouldn’t be the first time the city has stepped up when the federal government would not. The city led the creation and funding of the Veterans Services Center Hub. 
Mr. HECK. SBA currently plans to phase out this program at the end of this fiscal year—in other words, in 17 more days. After hearing from so many people whom it has benefited, I felt compelled to offer this amendment which will provide the funding to continue ScaleUp for another year. ScaleUp communities can be found at every corner of America: in Texas, Pennsylvania, Florida, Maine, Virginia, Ohio, Illinois, Arkansas, Tennessee, and Arizona. I thank my friend from Arizona, Ms. MCSALLY , for working with me on this bipartisan effort. Mr. Chairman, we are in a tough budget environment. I get that. But that makes it all the more important that we focus on programs that have been proven to be a good investment, programs like ScaleUp. Mr. Chair, I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CHABOT. Mr. Chairman, I rise, as I say, in opposition to this amendment. The proposed amendment offered by my colleague from Washington would increase funds appropriated for the Small Business Administration’s entrepreneurial development programs by $3.8 million for the purpose of restoring funding to the SBA’s ScaleUp initiative, which the SBA itself discontinued in fiscal year 2017. The ScaleUp initiative was never congressionally authorized, and, as such, has never been subject to congressional oversight. As the chairman of the Committee on Small Business, I am a staunch supporter of the SBA’s efforts to increase access to training and counseling to our developing small businesses and to the next generation of entrepreneurs. It is also my responsibility to ensure that these programs are run efficiently and in the best interest of the American taxpayer. They are actually the ones footing the bill for every one of these programs. That is why, even though it can sometimes be tough, we have to balance these programs with limited budgets and always being aware that we have now a $20 trillion debt hanging over our heads. As the ScaleUp initiative has never been subject to a congressional hearing nor congressional review, I believe it would be irresponsible to authorize taxpayer dollars to fund this program and must respectfully oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HECK. Mr. Chairman, the fact of the matter is that our constituents were only informed 5 short weeks ago that ScaleUp was ending in 2 months. This amendment is the only recourse available given that very short timeframe, and because evidencebased measures of ScaleUp performance are all very positive, none of us had any reason to believe that the program would not continue, and the announcement came as a complete surprise to all of us. The fact of the matter is, I don’t agree with the decision of the Small Business Administration, and it is our job as a function of our oversight and check and balance responsibility to pursue our disagreement, as it were, because their decision flies in the face of the evidence. I would argue that the appropriation process exists so that Congress can exercise this independent oversight of the spending priorities of the executive branch and assert itself in exactly this sort of a circumstance. Mr. Chair, I would dearly love to work with the chair of the Small Business Committee on legislation to specifically authorize the ScaleUp program, but that is a longer term issue. This program will end at the end of this month if we don’t act now, taking away a very valuable program that is working—evidence, metrics, measurable. It is getting the job done. Why wouldn’t we pass this amendment, it is fully offset, there is no increased spending here, and have the existing program continue while we work on a more permanent solution. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 221 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 1 minute. One size does not fit all. As an enthusiastic supporter of the CHOICE Act, I must confess it is not perfect. You have been told all financial regulators should be subject to the power of the Federal purse. Well, this regulatory agency, the National Credit Union Administration, uses no Federal funds to operate, to administer, or to manage the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund—let me repeat, uses no Federal funds. Now, when nontaxpayer funds are required to be federally appropriated, hopefully, this strikes you as an odd idea. But when the funds in question are placed under the appropriations process and are subject to being swept for other Federal spending measures, I hope that bothers you—not strikes you as odd, but bothers you. Credit union membergenerated insurance funds are now, by virtue of being put into the appropriations process, subject to being swept for other Federal spending processes. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank my colleague from Nevada. I would like to just take a moment to weigh in on the amendment that my colleague, Mr. AMODEI , and I introduced that would maintain the NCUA’s current funding structure. The NCUA is funded, as he said, through fees paid by credit unions. Subjecting them to the annual appropriations process unnecessarily involves Congress in a process that functions fine the way it is. The NCUA is not synonymous with big, forprofit institutions. The NCUA is a notforprofit structure and plays a critical role in communities throughout this country. If they are forced to go through the appropriations process, then local buyin is trumped by the Federal Government. If anything, this would further complicate the funding process and decrease, not increase, transparency. Forcing the NCUA into this process is an attempt to fix a problem that doesn’t exist. They are one of the only regulatory bodies that is both an insurer and regulator, and its unique 
structure should be reflected in the way that the operations are funded. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Missouri is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, this amendment strikes a provision that subjects the National Credit Union Administration to the annual congressional appropriations process. My point this afternoon is that Congress must restore its power of the purse, one of the most potent tools the Constitution gives Congress for conducting oversight of Federal agencies and implementing reforms. There can be no consent of the governed if the American people, through their democratically elected representatives have no say in how their government spends their hardearned dollars. We must not miss the opportunity to reestablish separation of powers and restore Article I authority, which Congress has given away in so many instances that the administration now has more power than the legislative branch. The NCUA is a prime example of why it is time to reassert Congress’ power of the purse. Accountability and transparency was so lacking under former Chairman Debbie Matz’ tenure that, over the course of her tenure, the NCUA budget increased each year, in some cases by doubledigit percentages. The Financial Services Committee, in fact, was forced to hold a public hearing during the 114th Congress. NCUA should not be singled out to avoid accountability to Congress. The CHOICE Act, which was passed by the House with overwhelming support—and the Congressman from Nevada’s support as well—subjects all Federal financial regulators to the same congressional appropriations process, including NCUA. There is no reason to single out the NCUA for different treatment from all other regulators, all of whom the House has already voted on to put on appropriations just 3 months ago. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. AMODEI. Mr. Chairman, with all due respect to my colleague from the financial institution folks, one of the things in the CHOICE Act is the Mick Mulvaneygenerated transparency amendments that we are not trying to strike. It is not like we are hiding anything. And I missed the part where it says, oh, the fact that they are not taxpayer funds makes it okay that we go ahead and try to sweep those into that. I also missed the fact, quite frankly, that this is different than something like the Bureau of Consumer Protection folks who were an outofcontrol executive branch agency using federally appropriated funds to do as they darn well please. I missed the fact where we have got a problem with credit unions taking care of their own administration and their own insurance. And I, finally, missed the fact where, quite frankly, we have absolutely no problem with respect to these folks’ performance record. So when you talk about going out and getting nontaxpayergenerated funds and saying we are going to bring those—by the way, good luck for these folks to get under our budgeting process. I won’t say anything more than that, Mr. Chairman. Good luck. Whose budget are they going under? Who are we waiting for approval so we can say keep doing the things the way you were? So I will just say that this is a problem that does not exist with a solution that is being applied because of other regulators, which I agree with, but it is like to suggest, quite frankly, that the CHOICE Act was perfect and doesn’t need a second look on a small thing like this, I mean, hats off to the committee. It is the only perfect committee I know of that has ever existed. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to close, and I will just say this: We ought to take a look at what track records are. And when we take a look at that and we look at unintended consequences, when you start branching out, for those of you folks in Production Credit Association territory and things like that and the budget issues and all of that other sort of stuff, it is like these folks are doing a good job. Let’s let them continue to do that. Mr. Chairman, I would urge your bipartisan, nationwide support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. AMODEI ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 222 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 222 printed in House Report 115–297. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 375, strike line 19 and all that follows through page 376, line 6. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chair, well, this amendment is actually quite simple. It says that U.S. taxpayers should not subsidize coalfired power plants built in other countries. Under the Obama administration, the Treasury Department issued guidance saying that the United States, through multilateral development banks, would no longer fund or support the construction of such plants in foreign countries. Unfortunately, President Trump has rolled back these efforts, and, in essence, the Trump administration is saying to the American people that American tax dollars should go overseas to subsidize fossil fuels and coal fired power plants. I support, as many in this body do on both sides of the aisle, the efforts of multilateral development banks. In fact, the use of America’s power in that sense, through entities such as the World Bank, is a great way for us to contribute to development across the globe and use that soft power in a way that potentially keeps us from having to go in a different direction. But we should not be using U.S. dollars on projects that subsidize foreign sources of pollution that contribute to increased carbon in our atmosphere and worsen climate change. Now, there are some that say that the science is not settled on this question. The people who are saying that, I am not quite sure where they are getting their science. Climate change is real. We really don’t need a lot of evidence, even recently, to reinforce the notion that climate change is real. Extreme weather events are real, and they are making that point in ways that no discussion on this floor could ever do. Unfortunately, experts are telling us it is only going to get worse. Congress should not be encouraging the use of American taxpayer dollars to support coalfired plants overseas. This amendment takes a stand and says that we will not support these sorts of irresponsible projects. Here in Congress we continually advocate for the responsible use of taxpayer dollars. And for the most part on this floor, we continue to advocate for efforts that will reduce carbon emissions in order to protect the environment, not just for ourselves, but for generations to come. Using American dollars to support coal plants in developing countries is not responsible. It is not a responsible use of taxpayer dollars. It is not good for our environment. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chair, it is anticoal policies such as this that result in a market loss for American coal and clean coal technology and cut off, really, quite frankly, an affordable, reliable source of energy that is critical to economic development in struggling regions of the world. This section 133 does not mandate coalfired generation for U.S.funded international development projects. It 
just simply ensures that coal can continue to be a part of our country’s longstanding energy strategy. Abandoning support for fossil fuels hurts American jobs, and it slows American innovation. It is for those reasons, Mr. Chairman, I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. I just encourage my colleagues to think about this as an opportunity to stand up for the environment, stand up for responsible use of the American tax dollar, and keep in mind that we work really hard here on this floor to develop policy in this country that does not pass on to future generations a planet that is at greater risk than the one we inherited. When it comes to the use of U.S. taxpayer dollars going overseas, we ought to be able to clearly say that those dollars should be used in a way that contributes to the development of those nations, but in a way that does not undermine the quality of life across the globe and across the decades and centuries to come. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1645 The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 223 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 223 printed in House Report 115–297. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 360, line 14, insert ‘‘(increased by $500,000)’’ before ‘‘shall’’. Page 361, line 17, insert ‘‘(decreased by $1,000,000)’’ before ‘‘, of which’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 504, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the managers of this legislation. Mr. Chairman, any Member of Congress or any elected official has had the sad duty of going to a child’s funeral. Most of us in the Christian faith have heard maybe the same words said often in the place of worship and in the funeral service, no matter who it is, and that is that a child should not go before their parents. We have seen the brokenness and, of course, the absolute despair of that family that has lost a child. Unfortunately, as we have found in Hurricane Harvey, when people have looted victims of the hurricane, it is unfortunate that bad things can happen to good people. So the families of deceased children are victimized. They are saddened by the loss of their child, whether it is an accident that is tragic or a sickness; and then, because those names are printed and become public, they are victimized again. Alexis Agin was 4 years old when she died last year from a brain tumor. As her parents grieved from their daughter’s loss, someone else paid attention to the details of her death, too. An identity thief was easily able to get Alexis’ personal information after she died. Her parents had no inkling until they went to file their taxes, then to their astonishment and despair, they learned that someone else had already filed a tax return using Alexis’ Social Security number and claiming her as a dependent. The Agins soon learned they were one of many. They said: ‘‘Within an hour of learning that my daughter’s Social Security number had been compromised and stolen, no fewer than 14 other parents whose children passed away due to cancer contacted us and advised us that their children’s Social Security numbers, likewise, had been stolen.’’ Americans are told to jealously guard their Social Security numbers, but after one dies, the government goes public with that coveted information. It is included on the Death Master List. Mr. Chairman, I include in the RECORD an article from ABC News entitled ‘‘When Loved Ones Die, Their Identity is There for the Taking.’’ 
[From ABC News, May 8, 2012] WHENLOVED ONESDIE, THEIR IDENTITY IS THERE FOR THE TAKING  (By Lisa Stark) Alexis Agin was 4 years old when she died last year from a brain tumor. As her parents grieved their daughter’s loss, someone else paid attention to the details of her death too. An identity thief was easily able to get Alexis’ personal information after she died. Her parents had no inkling until they went to file their taxes. Then, to their astonishment, they learned that someone else had already filed a tax return, using Alexis’ Social Security number and claiming her as a dependent. The Agins soon learned they were one of many. ‘‘Within an hour of learning that my daughter’s Social Security number had been compromised and stolen,’’ said Jonathan Agin, ‘‘no fewer than 14 other parents whose children passed away due to cancer contacted us and advised us that their children’s Social Security numbers likewise had been stolen.’’ Americans are told to jealously guard their Social Security numbers, but after one dies, the government goes public with that coveted information. It is all included on a Master Death List. ‘‘This is a database of more than 8o million records that the Social Security Administration maintains of all the deaths in the country. And that information is actually publicly available,’’ said John Breyault at the National Consumers League. ‘‘Consumers can go online, on any number of sites, and get full name, date of birth and full Social Security number, which we call the holy trinity of personally identifiable information.’’ The list is used by banks, credit agencies and others to try to prevent identity theft after someone dies. However, a court case in the 197os forced the Social Security Administration to make the list public, under Freedom of Information Act laws. ‘‘Unfortunately, dead people don’t have any privacy rights,’’ said Breyault, ‘‘That information, once you’re dead, is publicly available information.’’ ‘‘Within 3o seconds of learning that my daughter’s Social Security number had been stolen, I went online and found her Social Security number,’’ Agin told ABC News. ‘‘All the information is there.’’ Breyault of the National Consumer League showed ABC News just how easy it was. He sat down with me at a computer and pulled up a wealth of information on my husband, who died of cancer last year. My tax refund for this year has now been held up because someone else filed a return, apparently using my husband’s Social Security number The Internal Revenue Service said it might be a simple mistake by the other taxpayer, not a case of identity fraud. The agency, however, can’t yet tell me for sure as it works to unravel the situation. Today on Capitol Hill, the House Ways and Means’ Subcommittees on Social Security and Identity Theft held a hearing on this growing problem. In his testimony, Russell George, the Treasury inspector general for tax administration, told lawmakers that while processing tax returns in 2011, the IRS managed to flag and stop 940,000 returns that appeared to involve identity theft. The refunds requested on those returns totaled $6.5 billion. George told lawmakers, ‘‘There is much more fraud that it [the IRS] does not detect.’’ The inspector general ‘‘identified approximately 1.5 million additional undetected tax returns with potentially fraudulent tax refunds totaling in excess of $5.2 billion,’’ said George. Those refunds were paid out. ‘‘If not addressed, we estimate the IRS could issue approximately $26 billion in fraudulent tax refunds resulting from identity theft over the next five years,’’ he testified. The IRS told ABC News that it believes that fiveyear estimate is ‘‘far too high. The estimate was based on figures from 2010, before the IRS instituted major changes in the way it handles identity theft cases,’’ the agency said. ‘‘Our increased compliance and prevention efforts mean we are stopping more refund fraud than ever before.’’ The Social Security Administration had recently taken steps to cut back on the Master Death List information it releases publicly, leaving off the decedent’s state and ZIP code. And the IRS said it has installed identity theft screening filters on its computer systems to flag suspicious returns. ‘‘Fighting identity theft will be an ongoing battle for the IRS and one we cannot afford to let up on,’’ said Steven Miller, an IRS deputy commissioner, in written testimony. Late last year, the IRS established a special taxpayer protection unit to help handle identity theft cases. But George testified that those trying to file their 2011 taxes found it difficult to get through to the unit. ‘‘The unit received more than 86,000 calls during the 2012 filing season, but has only been able to answer about 21,000,’’ said George. And according to his testimony, the average phone wait time for taxpayers was almost one hour. Taxpayers caught in this mess are forced to prove their loved one’s identity to the 
IRS. Agin said he had to provide evidence to show the IRS that his late daughter was his child. Some cases have taken up to a year to resolve. Congress is considering a number of bills that would limit access to the Master Death List For Agin and the hundreds of thousands of other taxpayers who have been victims of this fraud, it can’t come soon enough. ‘‘It’s bad enough losing your child to any type of disease, cancer in any manner,’’ said Agin, ‘‘but then have somebody steal their identify, the last remaining vestige of your child, it’s horrible.’’ 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, there is no dedicated person in the IRS to deal with these broken and grieving families, so they simply become victims. By the time they find out, someone has bought a house, someone has taken their luxury vacation, got many credit cards, and used this dead child to abuse this family again. The Jackson Lee amendment is simple. What it does is it provides a dedicated person, funding to the IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service for the purpose of assisting the parents of a deceased child where that child’s identifying information has been stolen and fraudulently used on a personal income tax return filed with the IRS. It is a simple request, Mr. Chairman. If the Taxpayer Advocate Service office is what it is, and if anyone has tried to use it, including Members of Congress, we know there needs to be a dedicated person just to answer the phone of the grieving parent who finds out through IRS filing that they are being abused again and their beautiful angel is being used for other and evil works of someone who would use that deceased child to their advantage. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to speak in support of the Jackson Lee Amendment to Division D of the Rules Committee Print 115–31, which makes appropriations for Fiscal Year 2018, ‘‘H.R. 3354, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2018.’’ I wish to commend Chairman GRAVES and Ranking Member QUIGLEY for their work in shepherding this legislation to the floor. Mr. Chair, the Jackson Lee Amendment is simple but provides an important and necessary protection for grieving parents. The Jackson Lee Amendment is intended to ensure that the IRS Tax Advocate Service has adequate resources to assist parents of a deceased child whose Social Security Number was stolen by tax cheats and used on a federal tax return to receive an Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC). The Jackson Lee Amendment is intended to be a compassionate use of IRS funds to help grieving parents navigate the process of reclaiming their child’s identity from tax cheats. This amendment is necessary when we consider the story of little Alexis Agin who was just 4 years old when she died of a brain tumor in 2011. As her parents grieved, someone stole Alexis’ identity to commit tax fraud. Alexis’ parents did not discover the crime until they filed their taxes. The sad fact is Alexis’ parents are not alone—they were one of at least 14 other parents whose children died of cancer and learned that their child’s Social Security number had been stolen by tax thieves. Nearly all of us understand the importance of safeguarding our Social Security numbers, but after someone dies Social Security numbers are published on a national online registry called the Master Death List. The Master Death List registry exists to alert businesses and financial institutions to not renew credit cards or create new credit in a deceased person’s name. But it also alerts thieves of opportunities to steal identities and commit tax fraud. As reported by the San Francisco Chronicle identity thieves have stolen the tax refunds of more than 490,000 dead persons since 2008. The thieves typically claim that a dead person is their dependent when they file tax returns. In Fiscal Year 2012, the IRS initiated approximately 900 identity theft related criminal investigations, triple the number of investigations initiated in FY 2011. Direct investigative time applied to identity theft related investigations increased by 129 percent over that same period. On July 30, 2013, in St. Louis, Missouri, Tania Henderson was convicted of theft of government funds and aggravated identity theft and sentenced to 144 months in prison and ordered to pay $835,883 in restitution to the U.S. Treasury. According to her plea agreement and other court documents, Henderson stole the identities of more than 400 individuals, many of whom were deceased, and filed fraudulent tax returns using their names and Social Security account numbers. The theft of identities of deceased children for the purpose of committing tax fraud is a sad fact that too many parents have to face while they are attempting to cope with the tragedy of losing their child. The Jackson Lee Amendment will help ensure that the IRS Tax Advocate Service has the resources needed to assist these grieving parents with filing the last tax return where their child’s name will be listed as being a member of their household. I urge all Members to support the Jackson Lee Amendment, which would be a compassionate use of IRS funds. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, as we come to the last amendment on the last bill of this appropriations season, I was hoping we could end it on a positive note. Unfortunately, I have to oppose this amendment. I respect the gentlewoman’s thoughts on this. It is a compelling story that she shared with us, and a lot of families have been impacted by identity theft. It is certainly something that concerns me and our entire committee. We have worked through this. In fact, in May of this year, I held an oversight hearing and questioned top officials about this and their efforts to reduce identity theft. Additionally, the Financial Services bill that we are speaking of here includes targeted funds to combat identity theft as well as additional reporting requirements to monitor the IRS’s progress in this area. In fact, overall identity theft referrals from the Taxpayer Advocate are down. They are down right now. It is not perfect. They are not at zero, but they are moving in the right direction, as are inventory receipts in the IRS Identity Theft Victim Assistance office. Our committee—myself, along with Mr. QUIGLEY and the entire committee—have had to make a lot of tough funding choices throughout this season. It has not been easy. There are a lot of very worthy programs that we wish we can fund more. Unfortunately, we just can’t do all that has been requested by all the Members who have a lot of great and creative ideas to help taxpayers and our constituents. But in this case with this line item, we didn’t cut anything. In fact, it has been flatfunded. It is at the same level that was funded last year, and that comes in a portion of our appropriations budget here that we are talking about. It is being cut, on average, 6 plus percent overall. This one line item, though, remains static, and that should speak a lot to our committee and their work to find ways in which to provide additional resources to combat identity theft. Mr. Chairman, as we wrap this up, I want to thank you and everyone else for their patience today over the last many weeks. I thank the Committee on Appropriations Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and all the great work by the House of Representatives as we wrap up this final amendment with my opposition to the amendment. I urge the House to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. How much time is remaining, Mr. Chairman. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, last time I was on the floor, I mentioned that I was disappointed, and my friend on the other side made a remark that we all come here disappointed. I am saddened by the comment that he made earlier, and I am saddened by his response now because this is simply asking for a dedicated person, the offset is the operations account. It doesn’t matter what conversations and what we have done. It is a simple direct response to the pain of people. This is a mountain if it happens to you. It is not whether we are coming down or we have had conversations; it is a mountain. So I would simply say, according to the San Francisco Chronicle, identity thieves have stolen tax refunds of more than 490,000 dead persons. This Death Master List continues. The IRS initiated approximately 900 identity theft related criminal investigations out of 490,000. 
So what if you are this parent of a dead child? I just would have a person dedicated to taking your calls. That is all I am asking in this amendment with a slight offset. It doesn’t make any sense. Alexis’ parents did not discover the crime until they filed their taxes. How many others have not? So I ask my colleagues, out of the goodness of their heart—this is the last amendment, and I don’t think any manner of conversation about what I did yesterday and what I did last year is going to be helpful. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment to help the parents of deceased children. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 149 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 149 to the end that the Chair put the question de novo. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). The amendment was rejected. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, as we conclude discussion on our 12bill package, I rise to urge support of H.R. 3354 and to thank the 12 chairs and ranking members who led the great work on these bills as well as the many Members who offered amendments in this open and free and, I may say, rather civil discussion. This package prioritizes our domestic and national security to keep our people safe, supports our troops, strengthens law enforcement, secures our borders, and helps get our economy moving, and it deserves bipartisan support. Over the past week, the House has debated hundreds of amendments in this appropriations legislation. Combined with the thousands of Member requests included in the base text, these bills are truly representative of our shared American values. I want to thank all my colleagues for their time and consideration of one another throughout this process. Tomorrow the House will vote to finalize all 12 appropriations bills before the fiscal year deadline of September 30. We have not had what is referred to and what is called regular order for a long time—in nearly a decade. And what’s more, we have done all 12 bills under a very abbreviated time schedule. From June 12 to July 20—just over 1 month—the Appropriations Committee has held 12 subcommittee markups and 12 full committee markups, putting in hundreds of hours debating hundreds of amendments. The legislation on the floor this afternoon is a result of this hard work. I would like to thank my committee, particularly its leaders, including Chairmen ROBERT ADERHOLT from Alabama, JOHN CULBERSON from Texas, KAYGRANGER from Texas, M IKESIMPSONfrom Idaho, and T OMGRAVES from Georgia who has done a masterful job this afternoon, Judge CARTER from Texas, KENCALVERT from California, TOM COLE from Oklahoma, K EVIN YODER from Kansas, C HARLIE DENT from Pennsylvania, HALROGERS from Kentucky, and MARIO DIAZBALART  from Florida. On the Democratic side, I want to thank Ranking Members SANFORD  BISHOP from Georgia, J OSE´SERRANO  from New York, PETEVISCLOSKY from Indiana, MARCY KAPTUR from Ohio, MIKEQUIGLEY from Illinois, L UCILLE  ROYBAL ALLARD from California, BETTY MCCOLLUM from Minnesota, ROSADELAURO from Connecticut, T IM RYAN from Ohio, D EBBIE WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ from Florida, and D AVID PRICE from North Carolina, and their surrogates. Of course, I particularly want to thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mrs. NITALOWEY from New York for her dedication and friendship to getting our work done on time. I must also thank our incredibly hardworking staff, Mr. Chairman, led by Nancy Fox, our staff director; and Maureen Holohan, our new deputy staff director on the Republican side; and by Shalanda Young and Chris Bigelow on the Democratic side. I thank them all. To all the staffs, those assembled here in this room and those who have been here for many hours over the last couple of days, I thank them all for all the work they have done to get these bills to the floor and the tremendous amount of time and dedication to them. Mr. Chairman, this bill makes sure the United States has a strong national defense and that our citizens here at home are protected. This package sets us on the right path to fully fund the entire Federal Government on time and on budget. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE ACTING CHAIR  
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 115–297 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: Amendment No. 87 by Mrs. TORRES of California. Amendment No. 105 by Mr. GROTHMAN of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 113 by Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Amendment No. 117 by Ms. NORTON of the District of Columbia. Amendment No. 124 by Mr. FLORES of Texas. Amendment No. 125 by Mr. BUCKof Colorado. Amendment No. 131 by Mr. KILDEE of Michigan. Amendment No. 134 by Mr. POCAN of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 138 by Ms. MENGof New York. Amendment No. 145 by Mr. KILDEE of Michigan. Amendment No. 154 by Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. Amendment No. 155 by Mr. MURPHY  of Pennsylvania. Amendment No. 160 by Mr. BENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. Amendment No. 161 by Mrs. LOWEY of New York. Amendment No. 164 by Mr. COURTNEY  of Connecticut. Amendment No. 167 by Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Amendment No. 168 by Mr. GROTHMAN of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 170 by Mr. GROTHMAN of Wisconsin. Amendment No. 172 by Mr. MEADOWS  of North Carolina. Amendment No. 173 by Mr. WALBERG  of Michigan. Amendment No. 174 by Mrs. BLACK BURN of Tennessee. Amendment No. 186 by Mr. ELLISON  of Minnesota. Amendment No. 187 by Mr. GIBBS of Ohio. The Chair will reduce to 2 minutes the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 87 OFFERED BY MRS . TORRES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 279, noes 137, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hartzler Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Norman O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (IA) NOES—137 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gianforte Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Mullin Newhouse Noem Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rokita Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Taylor Tenney Thornberry Turner Valadao Wagner Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
Amodei Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Young (AK) 
b1729 Messrs. BOST, COLLINS of Georgia, WENSTRUP, DENHAM, Ms. TENNEY, and Mr. MCCARTHY changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Messrs. KRISHNAMOORTHI, JEFFRIES, COHEN, PETERS, MOULTON, BISHOP of Michigan, STEWART, BACON, DEUTCH, LUETKEMEYER, HUNTER, ROHRABACHER, CURBELO of Florida, RUSH, RYAN of Ohio, RENACCI, COFFMAN, BLUM, ROSKAM, and DUNCAN of South Carolina changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. BROWN of Maryland. Mr. Chair, during rollcall Vote No. 493 on H.R. 3354, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 105 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia). The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 98, noes 313, not voting 22, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brat Buck Budd Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Comer Cook Davidson DeSantis Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Marshall Massie McCarthy McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman O’Halleran Palmer Perry Poe (TX) Polis Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Arrington Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) 
Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Mast Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Zeldin 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa Davis, Rodney DeLauro DiazBalart Frankel (FL) Garrett Goodlatte Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Marino Newhouse Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Shuster Tiberi Young (AK) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1732 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated against: Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 494. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Chair, during rollcall Vote No. 494 on H.R. 3354, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yea’’ when I should have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
AMENDMENT NO . 113 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 192, noes 223, not voting 18, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—18 
Bridenstine Clyburn Comstock Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Frankel (FL) Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Young (AK) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1735 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Chair, I was unable to vote on rollcall Nos. 494 and 495. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 494 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 495. 
AMENDMENT NO . 117 OFFERED BY MS . NORTON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the 
gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 189, noes 225, not voting 19, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—19 
Bridenstine Chu, Judy Clyburn Costa DeLauro Dent DiazBalart Garrett Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi Young (AK) 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1738 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 124 OFFERED BY MR . FLORES  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 216, noes 199, not voting 18, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici 
Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Comer Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro Dent DiazBalart Garrett Goodlatte Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rogers (AL) Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1741 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 125 OFFERED BY MR . BUCK  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. RECORDED VOTE  
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 226, noes 191, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—16 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Ryan (OH) Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1745 Messrs. LATTA and FERGUSON changed their votes from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 131 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 247, noes 170, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita Rosen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—170 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Thomas J. Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa Davis, Rodney DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1747 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 134 OFFERED BY MR . POCAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 199, noes 219, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 500] AYES—199 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1751 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 138 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 220, noes 198, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 501] AYES—220 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—15 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1754 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 145 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 243, noes 175, not voting 15, as follows: 
Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barr Biggs Bilirakis Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Lucas Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Renacci Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Tenney Thornberry Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) NOT VOTING—15 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1757 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 154 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 225, noes 192, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roe (TN) Rosen RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zeldin NOES—192 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler 
Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Marino Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1800 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 155 OFFERED BY MR . MURPHY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 198, noes 219, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aguilar Amodei Bacon Barletta Barr Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Carbajal Carter (GA) Cheney Cleaver Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Cooper Costello (PA) Crawford Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DelBene Dent Deutch Donovan Dunn Eshoo Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Graves (LA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Kuster (NH) LaHood LaMalfa Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Mast McCarthy McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Nolan O’Halleran O’Rourke Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Poliquin Polis Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Schrader Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—219 
Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barraga´n Barton Beyer Biggs Black Blackburn Blunt Rochester Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Budd Bustos Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Coffman Cohen Cole Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Correa Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Culberson Cummings Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fleischmann Flores Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallego Gomez Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Harris Heck Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hurd Issa Jayapal Johnson (GA) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Keating Kelly (MS) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Knight Krishnamoorthi Kustoff (TN) Labrador Lamborn Langevin Larson (CT) Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marshall Massie Matsui McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern Meadows Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Soto Speier Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Titus Tonko Tsongas Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—16 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Marino Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1804 Mr. PALMER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 160 OFFERED BY MR . BEN RAY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BEN RAYLUJA´N) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 213, noes 205, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—15 
Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1807 Mr. BARR changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 161 OFFERED BY MRS . LOWEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 228, noes 188, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin NOES—188 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barton Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas MacArthur Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Stewart Thornberry Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Black Brat Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1810 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 164 OFFERED BY MR . COURTNEY  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 204, noes 212, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOES—212 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—17 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Lofgren Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1813 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 167 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS OF  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 153, noes 263, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Collins (GA) Comer Costello (PA) Cramer Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie 
Handel Harris Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (PA) Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rouzer Royce (CA) Rush Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (TX) Smucker Taylor Tenney Tipton Trott Turner Vela Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amash Amodei Bacon Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Huffman Huizenga Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1817 Mr. GOHMERT changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 168 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 131, noes 285, not voting 17, as follows: 
Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Brat Brooks (AL) Buchanan Buck Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lewis (MN) Long Love Marchant Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Thornberry Wagner Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (IA) NOES—285 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed 
Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walberg Walden Walorski Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Zeldin 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Pascrell Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1821 Mr. PALMER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 170 OFFERED BY MR . GROTHMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 241, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Comstock Conaway Crawford Culberson Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Luetkemeyer Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Taylor Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—241 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rogers (KY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—17 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Schrader Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1824 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 172 OFFERED BY MR . MEADOWS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 178, noes 238, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davidson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Handel Harris Hartzler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding 
Hollingsworth Hudson Hultgren Hunter Hurd Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thornberry Tipton Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Babin Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Upton Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) ANSWERED ‘‘PRESENT’’—1 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1827 Mr. PITTENGER changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. AMODEI changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 173 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 221, noes 196, not voting 16, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—196 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1830 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 156, noes 260, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Allen Amash Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Chabot Coffman Collins (GA) Comer Conaway Cramer Crawford Davidson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Flores Franks (AZ) Gaetz Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Marchant Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Noem Norman Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (TX) Stewart Taylor Thornberry Tipton Upton Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—260 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Granger Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Harper Hastings Heck Herrera Beutler Higgins (NY) Himes Hollingsworth Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Rogers (KY) Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walden Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yarmuth Young (AK) NOT VOTING—17 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Smith (NE) Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1833 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. SMITH of Nebraska. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 513. 
AMENDMENT NO . 186 OFFERED BY MR . ELLISON  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 226, not voting 16, as follows: 
Adams Aguilar Bacon Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez 
Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—16 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1836 So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
AMENDMENT NO . 187 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. The Clerk redesignated the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. A recorded vote has been demanded. A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 215, noes 201, not voting 17, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Curbelo (FL) Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lewis (MN) Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—201 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Faso Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. 
Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) 
Black Bridenstine Clyburn Cooper Costa DeLauro DiazBalart Garrett Graves (MO) Lawson (FL) Loudermilk Posey Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Tiberi 
The Acting CHAIR (during the vote). There is 1 minute remaining. b1839 So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Mr. COLE. Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. BANKS of Indiana) having assumed the chair, Mr. COLLINS of Georgia, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL TRUCK DRIVER APPRECIATION WEEK (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a great career and technical education or skillsbased education profession because I rise today during National Truck Driver Appreciation Week to celebrate America’s 3.5 million professional truck drivers. Trucking is the lifeblood of the American economy. More than 80 percent of the U.S. communities rely exclusively on truck drivers to deliver their goods and commodities, including the most remote towns and territories that aren’t reachable by other modes of transportation. One out of every 16 people working in the United States is a professional truck driver. The impact the trucking industry has on our economy is clear. Trucking brings roughly $726 billion in revenue to the Nation. Truck drivers are hardworking men and women who deliver critical goods like medicine, foods, building supplies, clothing, and more. These professionals safely move our economy each day. They deliver our goods safely, securely, and on time. They keep our highways safe. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the men and women who deliver America’s goods and honor all professional truck drivers for their hard work and commitment in tackling one of our economy’s most demanding and important jobs. Trucking moves America forward. f 
b1845 NATIONAL FRANCHISING DAY (Mr. RUSH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to invite my colleagues to join me in supporting my resolution expressing support for the establishment and designation of National Franchising Day. Franchising is an important tool to bring jobs to communities around our country. The franchise business model, in fact, is the largest vocational training industry in America and is responsible for directly creating 7.6 million jobs and influencing the creation of 13.3 million jobs in the United States. Franchising is an industry of entrepreneurs, many of whom are small businesses. These entrepreneurs have directly contributed $674.3 billion in economic output to the U.S. economy, and the franchise system, as a whole, has generated $1.6 trillion of economic input. In short, Mr. Speaker, it is clear how significant a role franchises and the people who operate them play in our economic landscape. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues support this bill. Franchising is one important tool to make the American Dream happen. 
REMEMBERING WAYZATA OFFICER WILLIAM MATHEWS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, Minnesota and the entire Wayzata community are grieving after the death of Police Officer William Mathews this past Friday. He was responding to a 911 call to collect hazardous debris along the highway when he was tragically struck by a car and killed. Officer Mathews was wellknown for his service in the Wayzata and the Long Lake community where children often would come out to greet him as he drove through their neighborhood to say hello while he was on patrol. He served on police forces throughout the State of Minnesota for two decades in various capacities and was a 9year veteran of the Wayzata police force. He had been a firearms instructor, a field training officer, and a reserve coordinator, and was in every way a true public servant. But as dedicated a police officer as Officer Mathews was, he was an even more devoted husband and father. We mourn with his wife, Shawn, and 7 yearold son, Wyatt. Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every single day in more ways than we can imagine to keep us safe. Officer Mathews lost his life in service to his community, and he will not be forgotten. f 
DACA (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my profound disappointment in the President’s decision to repeal the DACA program. This repeal is destroying the lives of nearly 800,000 young people. In my home State of Washington, there are over 17,000 Washingtonians who have been granted this deferred action status. One of them is Larissa Reza Garcia who came to the United States when she was 3 years old. Larissa works with underrepresented young people to connect them with opportunities to pursue their dreams within the education system. DREAMers like Larissa strengthen the fabric of our country. Mr. Speaker, I also want to express my disappointment that the House will take up H.R. 3697 tomorrow, a bill that would promote racial profiling, expand mandatory detention, and criminalize immigrants without any due process protections. We should be voting on the Dream Act, not legislation to criminalize immigrants. We have the votes to pass the Dream Act if it were brought to the floor, and I hope and call upon Speaker RYANto have the courage to bring it to the floor. 
CELEBRATING PATRIOT WEEK (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, today I rise about something near and dear to my heart. It is Patriot Week, which is going on this week. In 2009, while I served in the Michigan Senate, we became the first legislative body to recognize Patriot Week. Since then, five States and countless private organizations have participated in celebrating the great Americans and our founding documents that ensure the cause of liberty. Sadly, American history is no longer a priority for our schools, and, as a result, we are now raising a generation, for the most part, who have no understanding or appreciation for our country’s brave Founding Fathers and our profoundly important founding documents. That is why I introduced H. Con. Res. 12 which encourages schools, government agencies, and private employers to pay tribute to great Americans from George Washington to Martin Luther King, Jr., during Patriot Week. 
It celebrates our values enshrined in the United States Constitution and other founding documents from equal protection under the law to limited government, and it commemorates important events like the passage of the United States Constitution in 1787. Patriot Week begins September 11 by honoring the brave men and women who died in the September 11 attack, and it ends September 17, our Constitution Day, by honoring those who risked everything to create our great Republic. Mr. Speaker, we must take time to reflect. President Reagan once said: ‘‘Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.’’ We must do our part to preserve what makes this Nation great before it is too late. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the Patriot Week resolution. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE HONORING SERGEANT STEVE PEREZ (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to mourn Sergeant Steve Perez of the Houston Police Department who died on August 29, 2017, in the midst of Hurricane Harvey as he was in the line of duty. He served in the United States Army, and he joined the Houston Police Department in 1982. He leaves behind his precious and beloved wife, Lupe Cheryl Perez, and a host of police officers and law enforcement across the Nation. He became a sergeant in 1992. He worked in emergency ops and special ops and juvenile. He worked across the county. When he died, he was coming to work in the midst of the storm, because as the words were said often by his colleagues and heard from his family members, he had work to do. Today in Houston, he was funeralized. My deepest sympathy is to his family and how dismayed I was not to be able to be present with them, but I want them to understand that we were there in spirit and that we love the first responders who put the people of Harris County and the people of Texas before anyone else. That is what Sergeant Steve Perez did. Today we say to him farewell and thank him for his good and faithful service. He will never be forgotten for his kindness and service to his community. My prayers are with the family, and I ask now for a moment of silence. 
RECOGNIZING FORT HOOD’S 75TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize and honor Fort Hood on its 75th anniversary on Monday, September 18, 2017. Representing Fort Hood—one of the largest military bases in the world—is the greatest honor I have as the Representative of Texas’ 25th Congressional District. Known as The Great Place, it is the gold standard for the U.S. Army. It is composed of some of the bravest and most selfless people we have in this country. Located near Killeen, this 340squaremile installation is invaluable to the local community. Home to approximately 140,000 people, this post provides economic relief by fostering over 12,000 civilian jobs. In a time where our country is finally recovering from financial turmoil, job opportunities are essential for the growth of this Nation. As a true treasure of Texas, this small but powerful area affects the entire State by contributing $35.4 billion to the Texas economy. Fort Hood is committed to those of us who are lucky enough to call it the Lone Star State, by providing the most employees on a single site in the State of Texas. When it comes to our Nation’s national security, Fort Hood does not shy away. Since 2003, this post deployed and redeployed more than 852,000 soldiers overseas. Fort Hood is made up of some of the finest soldiers I have ever had the opportunity to meet, and I would like to congratulate The Great Place on reaching its diamond anniversary—75 years. Threequarters of a century of being a fully operational, active military post is something we can and should be proud of. As I said before, Fort Hood is a special part of the 25th District, and I am humbled to have the opportunity to fight on behalf of these brave men and women each and every day in Washington. In God we trust. f 
THE UNSINKABLE TEXAS SPIRIT (Mr. O’ROURKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, this last Sunday, I had the opportunity to go to Port Arthur and the El Vista neighborhood. Pictured here is the Channel family flanked by the amazing Jefferson County Sheriff Zena Stephens and County Commissioner Sinegal. You have Tomeka, McKenzie, and their father, Quincy, who are trying to find something to save out of a house that was all but destroyed. Ms. Tomeka showed me these pictures of McKenzie who is now a college student at TSU. His first grade picture and his kindergarten picture were just about all that they could save from their house. But I will tell you, the Channel family, like Texas, was undefeated and promised me that they were going to build their house back bigger and better than ever. That is the spirit of our State. It is the spirit of the people in southeast Texas in communities like Port Arthur, Orange, Beaumont, Houston, Port Lavaca, Victoria, Rockport, and so many others. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank you and the other Members of this body for voting to support our State and other areas hit by recent storms to the tune of $15 billion. It is going to help us build back bigger and better than ever. f 
FREEZING OUT DRIVEBY LAWSUITS (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Arctic Circle in Eureka, California, used to be a place where you could get a great burger and a cold milkshake. But not anymore thanks to a lawsuit. A serial plaintiff alleged that their counters were too high and their doors were not quite wide enough. So without a chance to fix the alleged infractions, the driveby lawsuit shuttered the doors of Arctic Circle. The Americans with Disabilities Act has made tremendous progress in increasing accessibility. But small businesses across America are being targeted by serial plaintiffs who troll for minor, correctable ADA infractions. If the business had notice, they could cure the problem rather than pay the shakedown by the lawyers. My bill, the ADA Reform Act, requires businesses to be notified of an alleged violation and be given time to fix the issue before a lawsuit can commence. If businesses fail to correct the infractions, the plaintiff can and should sue. It is time to stop attorneys from lining their pocketbooks off the backs of disabled Americans and small businesses in our country. And that is just the way it is. 
URBAN AGRICULTURE (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues to please join the Urban Agriculture Production Act of 2017, a bipartisan measure that bolsters local farming and inspires communities to create food production systems that stimulate development and healthy eating. There are more than 23 million people in fooddesert neighborhoods across our country where there are no stores within 1 mile to buy healthy food. Without healthy options, people are relegated to eating unhealthy, processed, junk food because that is all that is available and affordable. Communities that lack access to fresh, nutritious, affordable foods are also facing growing epidemics of obesityrelated diseases such as hypertension, high blood pressure, and diabetes. This bill is a step to correct this unacceptable trend. Community gardens, greenhouses, farmers’ markets, hoop houses, and other local food initiatives tend to be the best outlets to purchase local fresh 
foods. Our bill builds on these local successes by expanding local farming in nontraditional agricultural areas like our cities and towns. Mr. Speaker, urban food production should be part of America’s solution for healthier communities. I hope my colleagues will join me in helping to unleash the power of our communities to produce healthier foods for the future. Let’s make it happen. 
b1900 HONORING MS. SYBIL LYNN (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Ms. Sybil Lynn as she bids farewell to 12 years of service and dedication to the Jekyll Island Authority Board of Directors. Ms. Lynn was appointed to the board by Georgia Governor Sonny Perdue in 2005. Since that time, she has played a vital role in assisting with the island’s revitalization, including construction of the Jekyll Island Convention Center, the new Beach Village, and renovation of island hotels. A testament to her dedication to the betterment of coastal Georgia is that she only missed two meetings during her 12 years of membership on the Jekyll Island Authority Board of Directors. Ms. Lynn has fed citizens of Wayne and surrounding counties, as well as citizens from all over the United States, for 40 years at Sybil’s Family Restaurant in Jesup. Ms. Lynn’s insight, service, and commitment will be truly missed by the Jekyll Island Authority Board of Directors. 
RENEW VITAL HEALTHCARE PROGRAMS (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, healthcare in rural America faces many challenges and many difficulties. This month, there are a couple of issues we will be facing. On September 30, we have the expiration of a program for community health centers and teaching health centers, which both aid greatly in rural healthcare, where it is difficult to get doctors and others to locate to those areas. On September 30, if Congress doesn’t act, we will have to at least get an extension in place to keep those programs alive. Community health centers are often a lifeline to rural residents in areas lacking major hospitals. Teaching health centers, in particular, help train physicians in underserved areas and have been a great tool to address doctor shortages in rural America. Mr. Speaker, we have much to do. We need to reauthorize these programs before the end of the month or, at the very least, have an extension so that we don’t put an even greater burden on rural America and its health challenges. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. CURBELO of Florida (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today until 3 p.m. on account of assisting his family and constituents in recovery efforts from Hurricane Irma. Mr. GARRETT (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of the birth of his child. Mr. CLYBURN (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and September 14. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 2 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, September 14, 2017, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3328. A bill to require a study regarding security measures and equipment at Cuba’s airports, require the standardization of Federal Air Marshal Service agreements, require efforts to raise international aviation security standards, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–308, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committees on Foreign Affairs and Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 3328 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 3754. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the recruitment, hiring, and retention of health professionals by the Veterans Health Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 3755. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to improve the consumer reporting system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 3756. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to exclude MA quality rating bonuses for certain new entrant Medicare Advantage plans from benchmark cap; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KHANNA (for himself, Mr. EVANS , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. L EE, Mr. RASKIN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. NADLER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. B EYER , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. P ALLONE , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. DEFAZIO, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California, Ms. MOORE , Ms. JAYAPAL , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. S OTO, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S IRES, Ms. SPEIER , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE  of Pennsylvania): H.R. 3757. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the earned income tax credit to account for the amount by which economic growth has outpaced income growth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. SINEMA (for herself and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H.R. 3758. A bill to provide immunity from suit for certain individuals who disclose potential examples of financial exploitation of senior citizens, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Ms. CASTORof Florida, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 3759. A bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a Family Caregiving Strategy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. POCAN , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, and Ms. ESHOO ): H.R. 3760. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to establish a national usury rate for consumer credit transactions; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CONAWAY (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. M CKINLEY, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. PETERSON , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. COSTA , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. COLE, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. H URD, Mr. BARR, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. MOOLENAAR , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE  of Pennsylvania, Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. BOST, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. VEASEY , Mr. A DERHOLT , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. CURBELO of Florida, and Mr. H UDSON): H.R. 3761. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve and extend the credit for carbon dioxide sequestration; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DUFFY (for himself and Mr. HECK): H.R. 3762. A bill to preserve the State based system of insurance regulation and provide greater oversight of and transparency on international insurance standards setting processes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FOSTER (for himself and Mr. LOBIONDO ): H.R. 3763. A bill to require a per capita calculation for eligibility of a jurisdiction to participate in the EPSCoR program of the National Science Foundation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 3764. A bill to extend the Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians of Montana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 3765. A bill to redesignate certain clinics of the Department of Veterans Affairs located in Montana; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 3766. A bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to require consumer reporting agencies to place a security freeze on a consumer report without a fee if the consumer reporting agency is subject to a breach of data security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. LONG (for himself, Mr. COURT NEY, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C OOK, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. CARSON of Indiana): H.R. 3767. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for the participation of pediatric subspecialists in the National Health Service Corps program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. QUIGLEY (for himself, Mr. ELLISON , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. E VANS , Ms. KAPTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. KHANNA ): H.R. 3768. A bill to encourage recycling and reduction of disposable plastic bottles in units of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SMITH of Washington (for himself, Mr. ELLISON , and Mr. S IRES): H.R. 3769. A bill to establish the National Freight Mobility Infrastructure Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. YOUNG of Iowa, Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. O’HALLERAN ): H.R. 3770. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and extend funding for community health centers; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. LANGEVIN , Ms. N ORTON , and Ms. TITUS): H. Res. 514. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 11 through 15, 2017, as ‘‘National Family Service Learning Week’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CROWLEY (for himself, Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Mr. POCAN ): H. Res. 515. A resolution establishing the Select Committee on White Supremacy and Domestic Terror Movements; to the Committee on Rules. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. GOMEZ ): H. Res. 516. A resolution supporting the bid of Los Angeles, California, to bring the 2028 Summer Olympic Games back to the United States and pledging the cooperation of the House of Representatives with respect to that bid; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. DAVIS of California (for herself and Mr. GRIJALVA ): H. Res. 517. A resolution expressing support for designation of October 2017 as ‘‘National Principals Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. PAULSEN (for himself and Mr. COHEN ): H. Res. 518. A resolution expressing support for the designation of September 2017 as ‘‘Pulmonary Fibrosis Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSH: H. Res. 519. A resolution supporting the effort to raise awareness of the vital roles that franchising and the entrepreneurial spirit play in the economy of the United States by expressing support for the designation of National Franchising Day on September 13; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
114. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Resolution No. 227, urging the Congress of the United States and the United States Bureau of Indian Affairs to recognize the Natchitoches Tribe of Louisiana as an Indian tribe; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 115. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 66, urging the United States Congress to continue to provide appropriate and sufficient funding for the National Sea Grant College Program; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 116. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Resolution No. 242, urging the United States Congress to investigate the current condition of economic development in the state of Louisiana concerning the Revitalizing Auto Communities Environmental Response Trust’s fulfillment of fiduciary duties regarding the former General Motors Shreveport plant and operations; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 117. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 1, urging the United States Congress to take such actions as are necessary to develop, implement, and enforce policies and procedures that will enhance airport safety; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
118. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 97, urging the United States Congress to complete the Comite River Diversion Canal Project; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 119. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 18, urging the United States Congress to pass the Trickett Wendler Right to Try Act of 2017; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 3754. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clauses 1 and 3 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California: H.R. 3755. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER: H.R. 3756. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, the Spending Clause: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . .’’ By Mr. KHANNA: H.R. 3757. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Sixteenth Amendment provides Congress the power to ‘‘lay and collect taxes on incomes.’’ Amendment XVI The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration. By Ms. SINEMA: H.R. 3758. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article. 1. Section. 8. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 3759. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 3760. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 3 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 3761. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. DUFFY: H.R. 3762. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 1 (relating to the general welfare of the United States); and Article I, section 8, clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate interstate commerce). By Mr. FOSTER: H.R. 3763. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 3764. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States that states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 3765. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8 By Mr. HIMES: H.R. 3766. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution, as this legislation provides for the general welfare of the United States. By Mr. LONG: H.R. 3767. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. QUIGLEY: H.R. 3768. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. SMITH of Washington: H.R. 3769. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 1—‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ Article I Section 8 Clause 3—‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 3770. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 38: Mr. ROHRABACHER . H.R. 173: Mr. FOSTER and Mr. S HERMAN . H.R. 281: Mr. REED. H.R. 365: Mr. YODER . H.R. 448: Mr. KIHUEN . H.R. 490: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 559: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 676: Mr. VELA. H.R. 717: Mr. SESSIONS . H.R. 754: Mr. BLUMENAUER and Ms. S HEA PORTER . H.R. 767: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 785: Mr. GAETZ , Mr. M ARCHANT , Ms. CHENEY and Mr. B ARTON . H.R. 795: Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ITCHELL , and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 807: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 852: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 911: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 963: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 964: Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1114: Mr. SABLAN . H.R. 1124: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1150: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1155: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 1223: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 1267: Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1270: Mr. KILDEE and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1279: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 1298: Mr. LAHOOD. H.R. 1316: Mr. WESTERMAN . H.R. 1447: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 1468: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 1472: Mr. SIRES and Mr. S ARBANES . H.R. 1498: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 1552: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 1580: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY and Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 1676: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. TURNER , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. MARCHANT , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 1698: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 1699: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 1701: Mr. RUSSELL . H.R. 1711: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1796: Mr. FERGUSON and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 1847: Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 1865: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. KEATING , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. TITUS, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, and Mr. SERRANO . H.R. 1880: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 1889: Mr. LEVIN. H.R. 1891: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 1934: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1935: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 1936: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2073: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 2077: Mr. BUCSHON , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 2226: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 2245: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 2276: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 2285: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 2294: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 2295: Mr. PETERSON and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 2309: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 2310: Mr. YOHO, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. MARCHANT , and Mr. C ORREA . H.R. 2405: Mr. WALKER , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 2417: Mr. NORCROSS and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 2451: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. Q UIGLEY . H.R. 2452: Mr. SIRES and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2482: Mr. ZELDIN , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. PAYNE , Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. KIHUEN , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 2519: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, and Mr. GRIFFITH . 
H.R. 2550: Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 2557: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2628: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 2639: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 2651: Mr. POCAN , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. D ONOVAN , and Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 2666: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2705: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 2723: Mr. PERRY and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 2747: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 2790: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 2797: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 2884: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 2906: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. R USH, and Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2911: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 2929: Mr. COLE. H.R. 2957: Mr. CONAWAY . H.R. 2960: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2996: Mr. ESTES of Kansas and Mr. PERRY . H.R. 3030: Mr. TEDLIEUof California and Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 3035: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 3055: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 3056: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mrs. BLACKBURN . H.R. 3076: Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. FERGUSON , and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 3124: Ms. MENGand Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 3192: Mr. MEEHAN . H.R. 3211: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 3227: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3285: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 3329: Mrs. WALORSKI , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. MENG, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, and Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 3330: Mr. BARTON . H.R. 3380: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 3394: Ms. LEE. H.R. 3434: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3440: Ms. PELOSI , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. V ALADAO , and Mr. KEATING . H.R. 3445: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 3459: Ms. LEE, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. CRIST, and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3493: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3545: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 3552: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 3602: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. L EVIN, and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3632: Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. O’HALLERAN , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 3639: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 3692: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 3696: Mr. RUIZ. H.R. 3699: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3714: Ms. NORTON , Mr. E VANS , Mr. RUSH, and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 3726: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 3727: Mr. CURBELO of Florida and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3731: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. PERRY , and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 3745: Ms. ADAMS , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. JACKSON LEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. B ASS, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. C LAY, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. RUSH. H.R. 3748: Mr. SWALWELL of California and Mr. SCHIFF . H.J. Res. 8: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.J. Res. 9: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. MENG. H.J. Res. 85: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. GIANFORTE . H. Con. Res. 73: Mr. CULBERSON and Mr. FLORES . H. Con. Res. 77: Ms. MATSUI . H. Res. 62: Mr. GALLAGHER . H. Res. 220: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Ms. B ASS, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. L EE, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. S OTO, Mr. S UOZZI , and Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 353: Mr. RASKIN . H. Res. 359: Mr. HIMES. H. Res. 495: Mr. GARRETT . H. Res. 505: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. H UFFMAN . H. Res. 507: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 510: Ms. ROSEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. NORMAN , Mr. B YRNE , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. W ITTMAN , and Ms. S HEA PORTER . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5243 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2017 No. 148 
The Senate met at 10:01 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable TOM COTTON , a Senator from the State of Arkansas. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, You continue to reveal Your truth to those who will listen. Increase the devotion of our Senators to You as they strive to faithfully follow Your precepts. May love provide the motivation for their service to You and country. Lord, inspire them to patiently wait for the unfolding of Your wise, loving, and powerful providence, refusing to become weary in doing what is right. Let Your peace be within their hearts as You calm their fears. Soothe their minds with the knowledge of Your providential care. May they encourage one another and build each other up. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 