Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the accomplishments of Lieutenant General Stayce D. Harris, Assistant Vice Chief of Staff in the United States Air Force. Born in Los Angeles, California, to a military family, Stayce Harris grew up with a love for traveling. In 1977 she earned an Air Force Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (ROTC) Scholarship to study engineering at the University of Southern California (USC). On graduation with a Bachelor of Science in Industrial and Systems Engineering in 1981, Harris received a commission in the United States Air Force. She served on active duty until 1991 when she joined the Air Force Reserve. Her military career spanning more than 35 years has included many groundbreaking firsts. For example, in January 2001, she became the first black woman to command a flying squadron in the Air Force. She has earned a number of decorations including the Defense Superior Service Medal, Legion of Merit and Aerial Achievement Medal, to name only a few. Harris has sent an example for future generations of women in aviation and STEM fields, including through her involvement with professional associations, like the Air Force Association, Reserve Officers Association, Air Force Sergeants Association, Tuskegee Airmen Inc., Women Military Aviators, and the American Legion. Not only is she a decorated member of the military, she went on to fly in the private airline industry, one of the few female commercial pilots, and one of the first women to be an airline captain. On August 19, 2016 Harris was named Lieutenant General, thereby becoming the first AfricanAmerican woman to hold a three star rank in the Air Force. Her leadership and accomplishments have led her alma mater, USC, to create the Stayce D. Harris Award. Every year, the award is given to an ROTC cadet who exhibits extraordinary perseverance in the face of adversity. Today, Harris continues to serve our country with grace and dedication. I wish her many years of continued success and achievement. HONORING DOCTOR ARNETT ROGIERS’ FIFTEEN YEARS OF SERVICE TO HIS COUNTRY AND HIS HONORABLE RETIREMENT FROM THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS HON. ROBERT J. WITTMAN 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and congratulate Dr. Arnett Rogiers on his retirement from the United States Department of Veterans Affairs after 15 years of faithful service to our country in addition to his 20 years of honorable service in the United States Marine Corps. An esteemed and respected member of the Federal Civil Service, Dr. Rogiers most recently served as a supervisory procurement resource specialist and program analyst. In this capacity, he oversaw and led a select team responsible for refining requirements for multimillion dollar contracting actions within the Strategic Acquisition Center for the Department of Veterans Affairs. His efforts have helped thousands of disabled veterans through assisting in awarding contracts that directly benefitted their medical care and wellbeing. Dr. Rogiers’ distinguished career began when he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps in 1974. He began his Marine career as an engineer equipment operator, transitioned to become a military policeman, was also a Marine recruiter, and eventually served as a Utilities Construction Chief. He has served in California, Hawaii, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina and overseas in the Middle East during Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm. He retired as a Gunnery Sergeant after 20 years in 1994. Dr. Rogiers continued his selfless devotion to serving his country as a Federal civil servant first with the U.S. Marshals Service filling the role of a contract specialist and contract officer. He then worked for the U.S. Army Contracting Agency as a senior contract specialist, and taking a promotion in the Federal Communications Commission, he ably served as the Chief of Contracts and Purchasing. Most recently, Dr. Rogiers has tirelessly devoted his energies for the Department of Veterans Affairs as a supervisory procurement resource specialist and program analyst for the Strategic Acquisition Center in Fredericksburg, Virginia. In his spare time, he has attained three Master’s Degrees, in Public Administration, Religion, and Divinity and also a Doctorate of Pastoral Leadership. His intent is to lead a congregation in Florida as he and his wife move to the Sunshine State. As Dr. Rogiers embarks on a new chapter in life, it is my hope that he may recall, with a deep sense of pride and accomplishment, the outstanding contributions he has recently made to the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. I would like to send him my best wishes for continued success in his future endeavors. f 
Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I honor the 100th Anniversary of the 88th Regional Support Command (RSC) celebrated at Fort McCoy on Saturday August 19, 2017. The 88th RSC has a proud and storied history whose lineage and honors transferred from the 88th Infantry Division (ID). The streamers earned by the 88th ID in World War I and II are now flown with the 88th RSC flag. The 88th ID was organized on 25 August 1917, at Camp Dodge, IA. During World War I, the men of the ‘‘Cloverleaf Division ″, as they were called, earned a streamer for the Alsace Campaign. The Division returned to Camp Dodge and was demobilized on 10 June 1919. On 24 June 1921, the 88th ID was reconstituted in the Organized Reserve with its headquarters in Minneapolis, MN, and with subordinate units in Minnesota, Iowa and North Dakota. After reorganization in February 1942, the 88th ID was ordered to active service on 15 July 1942, at Camp Gruber, OK. After training in several locations in the United States and overseas, the 88th ID entered the front line on 27 February 1944 in the Italian Campaign. For its service in Italy, the 88th ID was awarded campaign streamers for the RomeArno, North Apennines, and Po Valley Campaigns. The 88th ID earned a reputation as a welltrained and effective division, earning the nickname ‘‘Blue Devils’’ from the Germans. The 88th ID was inactivated at Leghorn, Italy on October 24, 1947. On 26 December 1967, the 88th Army Reserve Command (ARCOM) was activated in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and had Command of USAR units in North Dakota, South Dakota, Nebraska, Minnesota, and Iowa. The 88th ARCOM sent units to the Republic of Vietnam (1968–1969), Desert Shield/Storm (1990– 1991), and BosniaHerzegovina in the former country of Yugoslavia (1995). On 16 April 1996, the 88th ARCOM was redesignated and reorganized as the 8th RSC with Command of USAR units in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin and Minnesota. The 88th RSC mobilized units for Bosnia and Kosovo, Operation Enduring Freedom (OEF) and Iraqi Freedom (OIF). On 16 July 2003, the 88th RSC was redesignated as the 88th Regional Readiness Command (RRC), and was inactivated 1 July 2009. The 88th RSC was activated 17 September 2008, and today supports USAR units in 19 states from Ohio to Washington. I am honored that the 88th RSC is headquartered in my congressional district. I 
commend and thank the command leadership and staff for the service and support they provide to ensure that the Army Reserve remains a shining star in the nation’s military training infrastructure. On behalf of my constituents in Wisconsin and a grateful nation, I would like to wish a happy 100th anniversary to the command leadership and staff at the 88th RSC. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, on August 28, 2017, Concurrent Technologies Corporation will celebrate its thirtieth anniversary. I rise to acknowledge this notable milestone and to pay recognition to the company’s history and dedicated employees. Concurrent Technologies Corporation (CTC), originally known as Metalworking Technology Inc., was formed in 1987 in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, to operate the National Center for Excellence in Metalworking Technology for the U.S. Navy. In 1992, Metalworking Technology Inc. changed its name to Concurrent Technologies Corporation to convey more accurately the organization’s expanded mission: to provide cuttingedge scientific, applied research and development solutions to its clients. Over its 30 years, CTC, in partnership with its clients, has created numerous breakthrough technologies and innovative solutions, especially for the benefit of U.S. Warfighters. CTC takes a collaborative approach to its work, sharing credit and celebrating achievements with everyone who plays a role in its success. Today, CTC is an independent, nonprofit, applied scientific research and development professional services organization providing innovative management and technologybased solutions to each branch of the U.S. military, various U.S. Government agencies, and industry. Together with its affiliates, Enterprise Ventures Corporation and CTC Foundation, CTC leverages research, development, test and evaluation work to provide transformative, full lifecycle solutions that best serves its clients’ needs. CTC has been named one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies four times by Ethisphere Institute. As such, CTC joins an elite group of businesses that are recognized for defining and advancing the standards of ethical business practices. At CTC, 32 percent of all new employees are veterans, and veterans comprise 15 percent of the workforce. The company has received multiple honors as a militaryfriendly organization, including the Soaring Eagle Award, Extraordinary Employer Support Award, Above and Beyond Award, Liberty Bell, ProPatria and Seven Seals Awards. Military Times has named Concurrent Technologies Corporation a Best for Vets Employer seven times in recent years. The company is also a good corporate citizen whose employees volunteer thousands of hours to worthwhile local, regional, and national causes. Individually and through CTC Foundation, they actively support schools, healthcare and human service providers, economic development programs, the arts, and recreation. Mr. Speaker, I offer my congratulations to Concurrent Technologies Corporation on completing thirty years of vital collaboration with the U.S. Department of Defense and other U.S. agencies to improve the security of our nation. Because of their efforts, the United States Warfighter is better equipped to serve our great nation and the United States is a safer place to live for all of us. I know I speak for many when I wish CTC and its affiliates, EVC and the CTC Foundation and their employees continued success in the future. 
A CHALLENGE TO THE PARTY OF LINCOLN TO TAKE A STAND AGAINST ADHERENTS AND ENABLERS OF HATEFUL IDEOLOGY 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong condemnation of the horrific violence and domestic terrorism that took place in Charlottesville, Virginia this past weekend. The socalled ‘‘Unite the Right’’ event that precipitated this violence was a despicable gathering of neoNazis, Klansmen, and other white supremacists in a deliberate attempt to promote a hateful ideology and instill fear in the hearts of racial, religious, and other marginalized communities. These sorts of gatherings are, sadly, all too familiar for those of us who remember the days of Jim Crow and de jure segregation. But when these hateful events have occurred in the past, our national leadership rose to the occasion and at the moment of crisis summoned the better angels of our nature. When Alabama Governor George Wallace threatened to stand in the schoolhouse door and block enrollment of the first two African American students admitted to the University of Alabama, President John Kennedy federalized the Alabama National Guard to enforce the desegregation order of the federal court. Later that evening, President Kennedy addressed the nation from the Oval Office on the subject of civil rights in America and said: 
We are confronted primarily with a moral issue. It is as old as the Scriptures and is as clear as the American Constitution. The heart of the question is whether all Americans are to be afforded equal rights and equal opportunities, whether we are going to treat our fellow Americans as we want to be treated . . . And this Nation, for all its hopes and all its boasts, will not be fully free until all its citizens are free. 
On Sunday, March 7, 1965, more than 600 civil rights demonstrators, including our beloved colleague, Congressman JOHN LEWIS of Georgia, were brutally attacked by state and local police at the Edmund Pettus Bridge as they marched from Selma to Montgomery in support of the right to vote. A week later, on March 15, 1965, before a joint session of the Congress and the eyes of the nation, President Lyndon Johnson explained to the nation the significance of ‘‘Bloody Sunday’’: I speak tonight for the dignity of man and the destiny of democracy....  At times history and fate meet at a single time in a single place to shape a turning point in man’s unending search for freedom. So it was at Lexington and Concord. So it was a century ago at Appomattox. So it was last week in Selma, Alabama. 
‘‘Bloody Sunday’’ was one of the defining moments in American history because it crystallized for the nation the necessity of enacting a strong and effective federal law to protect the right to vote of every American. Rising to the moment, President Johnson declared unequivocally that the cause of racial justice ‘‘must be our cause too’’ because it is incumbent on all of us to ‘‘overcome the crippling legacy of bigotry and injustice.’’ President Johnson announced to the nation that he would send to Congress for immediate action legislation designed to eliminate illegal barriers to the right to vote by striking down ‘‘restrictions to voting in all elections—Federal, State, and local—which have been used to deny Negroes the right to vote.’’ On August 6, 1965, that legislation, the Voting Rights Act of 1965, was signed into law by President Johnson and for the next 48 years did more to expand our democracy and empower racial and language minorities than any act of government since the Emancipation Proclamation and adoption of the Civil War Amendments. After 168 innocent people, including 19 children, were murdered on April 19, 1995, by a cowardly domestic terrorist who detonated a bomb at the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, President William Jefferson Clinton went to Oklahoma City and consoled a grieving nation: 
[O]ne thing we owe those who have sacrificed is the duty to purge ourselves of the dark forces which gave rise to this evil. They are forces that threaten our common peace, our freedom, our way of life. Let us teach our children that the God of comfort is also the God of righteousness: Those who trouble their own house will inherit the wind. Justice will prevail. Let us let our own children know that we will stand against the forces of fear. When there is talk of hatred, let us stand up and talk against it. When there is talk of violence, let us stand up and talk against it. In the face of death, let us honor life. As St. Paul admonished us, Let us ‘not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.’ 
When nine African Americans were gunned down by a white supremacist with neoConfederate sympathies at the Mother Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, it was President Barack Obama who spoke eloquently of the need to respond with ‘‘bighearted generosity’’ and ‘‘thoughtful introspection and selfexamination.’’ In time of national tragedy, crisis, or danger, Americans look to the President of the United States for hope, for healing, for leadership, and for inspiration. We have blessed to have had Presidents who possessed the moral authority to touch and express the conscience of the nation and could find the words to carry us through these moments of grief and anguish. Presidents like Abraham Lincoln, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Dwight Eisenhower, and Ronald Reagan. 
But sadly, the presidential leadership we have taken for granted has been absent since January 20, 2017 and is nowhere to be seen in the aftermath of domestic terror attack that occurred in Charlottesville, Virginia on August 12, 2017. That act of domestic terrorism claimed the life of Heather Heyer, a 32year old paralegal who was killed for standing up to the hatred she saw marching on her hometown. Let us be clear: The President is wrong; ‘‘many sides’’ were not to blame for what took place in Charlottesville. There were the neoNazis, Ku Klux Klansmen, and white supremacists chanting blood curdling slogans steeped in racism and anti Semitism, and then there was everyone else. ‘‘Many sides’’ did not ram a vehicle at high speed into a crowd of innocent people, killing Heather Heyer and injuring 20 other persons; but a domestic terrorist and white supremacist did. Mr. Speaker, the neoNazis and white supremacists came to Charlottesville to advocate hate, division, and racial superiority. They were met by persons of goodwill who gathered to affirm racial unity and the equality of all persons ordained by the Creator. One group idolized the most evil war criminal in human history; the other shared and is committed to making real the dream of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. It is absolutely shameful that anyone—and especially the President of the United States— would try to draw a moral equivalence between the two groups. If there was even a shred of hope or optimism that perhaps this President would recognize and temper the animus that has been unleashed since he announced his candidacy, that hope vanished in the wake of the unhinged press conference he held Tuesday, August 15, at Trump Tower in New York City. Before that date, never before in history had a President of the United States, the nation that led the alliance that defeated Nazism and fascism in the greatest conflict in world history, ever publicly defended or tried to normalize neoNazis, the Ku Klux Klan, or white supremacists. Civil action in support of racial justice is worthy of praise, and civil action in support of white supremacism is worthy of nothing but condemnation. I urge all Members, especially those of the Party of Lincoln, to join me in repudiating the President’s suggestion that there is a moral equivalence between neoNazis and Klansmen advocating racial separation and white supremacy and protesters opposing that evil, racist ideology. If the President cannot recognize this difference, then it is time for a new President. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the retirement of Supervisory Special Agent John ‘‘Jack’’ Morris, a Unit Chief with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), who has proudly served the people of the United States in federal law enforcement for over twentynine years. On August 8, 1988, after graduating from The New York State University College at Oneonta, Jack began a 29year career with the legacy Immigration and Naturalization Service, and later HSI. As a Special Agent in New York City from 1988 until 2004, Jack earned the New York Law Enforcement Investigator of the Year Award in 2001 and the U.S. Attorney’s Director’s Award in 2002. In 2004, Jack was promoted to the position of Supervisory Special Agent in Newark, New Jersey, where he worked with distinction until accepting a position in 2010 at HSI Headquarters in Washington, DC. Since moving to Washington, Jack has served in various HSI positions, including Program Manager, Section Chief, Special Assistant to the Director, and Chief of the Public Safety Unit. He was also a Congressional Detailee in my office where he worked on a variety of issues, including Immigration, Homeland Security, border issues, and constituent requests. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize and honor Jack Morris for his many years of service to the United States of America. f 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, in the foothills of the beautiful Boulder Flatirons stands a building that has been a beacon of exemplary research, groundbreaking discoveries, and an icon of the American spirit of research. I speak of course of the National Center for Atmospheric Research Mesa Lab, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2017. The breathtaking design was crafted by I.M. Pei, the legendary ChineseAmerican architect. Pei’s previous work in the urban jungle is apparent in the looming concrete 5 story towers that comprise the Mesa Lab. The bush hammering technique that is used throughout the building offers a roughness to the exterior while the pinkish aggregate mined in Lyons, CO helps the complex blend into the surrounding Flatirons. The NCAR Mesa Lab is home to 330 world class scientists. These pioneers work every day to fulfill the vision of NCAR’s founder, Walter Orr Roberts. Blazing new trails in human understanding, atmospheric science, climate change research, solar astronomy and much more, the scientists at NCAR are an interwoven part of the Boulder community. On behalf of my constituents I offer gratitude to have this facility and everything it stands for be a part of our family and acknowledge that though the research they have produced yields global benefit, we recognize that those benefits are only a small payment on the debt we owe for having such a fantastic asset as part of our home. RECOGNIZING HOWARD & LIBBY HILL, AN AMERICAN LOVE STORY HON. MATT GAETZ 
Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, this is a love story. In 1965 a young man from Texas—his name was Howard—graduated from the Air Force Academy. While he was in pilot training at Eglin Air Force Base near Niceville, Florida, he won the heart of a girl named Elizabeth. And, as happens in many love stories, Howard and Libby became Lieutenant and Mrs. Hill on August 15, 1967. Fifty years ago. Howard said he and Libby had ‘‘fourteen beautiful days together.’’ And then, called by his country, he was flying combat missions over Vietnam. Within two months, his bravery, valor and achievement in battle had earned him the first of two Silver Stars he would be awarded. But four months and one day after their marriage, Howard was shot down and became a prisoner of war in the infamous Hanoi Hilton. Lots of marriages have stress. Lots of love stories have drama. But the young marriage of Howard and Libby Hill was tested in a way few of us will ever experience—by torture and cruelty for Howard, never knowing and always fearing the worst for Libby, and by lonely waiting for five years for them both. But theirs was a love that only grew stronger under pressure—love for each other and love for their country. During Howard’s time as a POW, Libby even helped other POW wives and organized support for POW/MIA families. If the World War II generation was the greatest generation, Howard and Libby Hill and the Vietnam soldiers and their families were the toughest generation. Vietnam veterans were too often unappreciated, often shunned, sometimes spat upon by the country they gave themselves to defend. But nothing could break Howard and Libby Hill’s devotion to America and to each other. When Howard was free and home, he and Libby made a commitment to stay in the Air Force, to continue to serve their country. They stayed in uniform for 18 more years. They reared three exceptional children—their daughter BethAnn and their sons John and David. And when they retired from active service in 1990 after his singular service as the Principal Advisor to the Secretary of Defense on POW/ MIA issues, Howard was a colonel with a chestful of proof that he is one of America’s best: two Silver Stars, the Distinguished Flying Cross, the Legion of Merit, eight Air Medals, two Bronze Stars, two Purple Hearts, the Defense Superior Service Medal and many more. They came home to my hometown of Niceville, Florida. They served their community like they served their country. From nothing, Howard started a youth soccer program. Every year he recruits 200 volunteers, organizes and manages 100 teams, gives thousands of kids a chance to compete and grow, and Howard and Libby make sure that many, many boys and girls who have no money, no family support always have uniforms and shoes and a ride home. Today, our town calls our youth soccer fields ‘‘The Hill,’’ officially named the Howard Hill Community Soccer Complex in honor of a hero of our country and a hero of our community. 
In fourteen years of serving as a county wide elected member of our School Board, never once in any campaign material did Howard Hill ever brag about his military service, his and Libby’s sacrifices. But we knew. Libby volunteered to help with everything, including founding and leading the Silver Sands Republican Women. When I asked the community leaders who had meant the most to me in my growing up to serve on the Academy Selection Board to choose the best young women and young men to be appointed to our military academies, I chose Libby Hill, a mentor and model to a generation of young people. Mr. Speaker, I told you this is a love story. Two young people who love their country and gave themselves to it for their whole lives. A woman and a man who love each other and have given themselves to their children and to their community and to each other for fifty years. Happy anniversary, Howard and Libby. We love you. 
RECOGNIZING THE KILMARNOCK VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT FOR HOSTING THE 82ND KILMARNOCK VOLUNTEER FIRE DEPARTMENT CARNIVAL 
Mr. WITTMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Kilmarnock Volunteer Fire Department and their efforts in the community in hosting the Kilmarnock Volunteer Fire Department Carnival. This year marks the 82 year anniversary of what some Virginians recognize as the longest continually operating summer carnival in the state. For generations, the Carnival has represented the premier event of the summer in the Northern Neck for children of all ages. Whether it is riding ‘‘Big Eli’’ or enjoying some of the famous hot dogs, this community jewel provides for many throughout the Northern Neck a chance to come together and celebrate time with family and friends. I want to thank the Kilmarnock Fire Department for their tireless work in keeping this event running since 1935. I also, would like to thank the over 200 volunteers it takes each night to run the Carnival. 
CELEBRATING THE 82ND AIRBORNE DIVISION ON NATIONAL AIRBORNE DAY 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the men and women of the airborne forces as they celebrate National Airborne Day. El Paso, Texas—on August 16, 1940, the Army conducted their first test platoon jump. The idea of dropping paratroopers in combat zones behind enemy lines was first conceived by Brigadier General William Mitchell. With his guidance and leadership the first combat jump was conducted by members of the 2nd Battalion, 503rd Parachute Infantry Regiment in 1942 during WWII in North Africa. Since this successful drop, our airborne forces have become a critical component of our military. Our airborne forces have dropped into the most intense combat the world has ever seen. Some of their most notable engagements have been the DDay invasion at Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge, the invasion of Southern France. Without the invention of the airborne, our armed forces would have been at a disadvantage during many of our major conflicts. The 82nd Airborne Division is headquartered right here in North Carolina at Fort Bragg. The Division was incorporated in the National Army on August 5, 1917, to support the entry of the United States into World War I. The 82nd Airborne Division was nicknamed the ‘‘All American Division’’ as a result of the spirit and diverse group of soldiers from all across the United States. The 82nd Airborne was the first division to be designated as an Airborne Division. Part of the XVIII Airborne Corps, the 82nd Airborne Division is the Nation’s Global Response Force and can mobilize, load, and land anywhere in the world in less than 36 hours to perform combat operations, assist United States allies, and provide humanitarian aid. The 82nd Airborne has participated in nearly every major United States conflict around the world since its inception. Some of the most notable engagements have been the Battle of Lorraine in World War I, Operation Overlord in Normandy, France in World War II, responding to the Tet Offensive during the Vietnam War, liberating Kuwait as one of the first units to engage in Operation Desert Storm, and supporting relief efforts after the devastating Hurricane Katrina. The continued success of our airborne forces has allowed the United States to become the global fighting force it is today. Our men and women in uniform represent the best our nation has to offer and I am proud to represent a district that has a strong military presence and is home to some of the bravest patriots in the country. Mr. Speaker, please join me today in honoring the soldiers of our airborne forces for their service and commitment to protecting the United States. f 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF LAPD DETECTIVE SHA’QUANA HALL POUNDERS 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the accomplishments and service of Los Angeles Police Department Detective Sha’Quana HallPounders. One of the few Black women to reach the rank of Chief Master Sergeant in the United States Air Force Office of Special Investigations, Sha’Quana HallPounders delivered security and threat assessment briefings to senior Pentagon officials. As a lawenforcement officer, thenSpecial Agent HallPounders served to protect senior White House officials at important events in our nation’s capital and abroad. On returning to Los Angeles after her military service, Ms. HallPounders joined the Los Angeles Police Department, where she has served on the LAPD Joint Terrorism Task Force. Residing in the Baldwin Vista neighborhood of my district, Ms. HallPounders has sought out opportunities to make a difference in the lives of her fellow Angelenos. She has assisted senior citizens and first time voters with both registration and voter education. Along with her daughter, she regularly hosts tennis clinics for young men and women in the Crenshaw District. The pair also organize educational and recreational excursions for underserved and specialneeds youth in Watts, aiming to help them see a world beyond the borders of their own neighborhoods. I appreciate her service to our country and to the communities of the 37th Congressional District of California, and I wish her continued success in her career as an LAPD officer and a leader in our community. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CRAIG WRIGHT, RECIPIENT OF THE EMERGENCY MEDICAL SERVICE PROVIDER OF THE YEAR AWARD 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing the 2016 Emergency Medical Services Provider of the Year, Craig Wright. Mr. Wright currently works at the Naval Submarine Base Kings Bay Fire Department, where he exhibits his heroism and humility on a daily basis. His individual actions have had positive and substantial impacts on the residents of Kings Bay. Mr. Wright attributes his success to the unity experienced among him and his coworkers in the fire department, stating that nothing he ‘‘did individually can’t be contributed to the whole team.’’ The resulting feeling of family between the Kings Bay fire fighters yielded a Fire Department of the Year award, for the fifth year in a row. Again, Mr. Wright and all of the fire fighters emphasized their camaraderie and loyalty as the keys to their success. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Craig Wright for his service to the Kings Bay Fire Department and to his fellow fire fighters. His commitment has strengthened the community and all of its members. 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of our 18th District community, Mr. George T. Farrell, who has been working diligently to engage minority voices in the electoral process through education, communication and active involvement in community events. 
I met Mr. Farrell at his organization’s Juneteenth Celebration in Palm Beach, Florida, during the summer of 2015. Since then, I have witnessed his steadfast commitment to developing the highest standards and best practices for increasing civic engagement among minority communities. Mr. Farrell’s organization was also recently approved by the Florida Department of State to serve as a ThirdParty Voter Registration Organization. With increased grassroots activity, active social media and daily communication with thousands of citizens, I have no doubt that Mr. Farrell will continue to be successful. Mr. Speaker, I applaud his hard work and wish him the best in the future. 
PRIVATE FIRST CLASS JAMES CALVIN (BILL) ROBERTSON BRIDGE DEDICATION 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, today we honor lifelong Wayne County resident, Private First Class James Calvin (Bill) Robertson, decorated combat veteran, farmer, friend, and family man. Born on the 4th of July, 1923, PFC Robertson trained as an Army Cannoneer and shipped to the Asiatic Pacific Theater of Operations in 1945 to protect American ground forces from enemy aircraft at Iwo Jima. His AntiAircraft Artillery unit’s mission: To keep the airstrips open and safe for refueling B29 bombers on their way to targets on the Japanese mainland. For this critical service, PFC Robertson was awarded the World War II Victory Medal, The Good Conduct Medal, The American Theater Ribbon, and the AsianPacific Theater Ribbon with two Bronze Service Stars. His battalion enabled American forces to invade Japan and change the trajectory of the war in favor of the Allies. But he rarely spoke of his military sacrifice, seared into our minds by the iconic U.S. Marine Corp monument of soldiers raising the American flag high above the Iwo Jima battlefield in February 1945. PFC Robertson simply acknowledged that he was there. He returned to Wayne County in December 1945, married, and purchased farmland through which the Middle Butler Creek flows. Many family memories were made with his eight children, on this land, in this creek, and throughout his 90 years. We dedicate the Butler Creek Bridge to the memory of Private First Class James Calvin (Bill) Robertson, World War II hero, who not only ensured the lives lost at Iwo Jima were not lost in vain, but who left a legacy of service and sacrifice. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. EDWARD D. BERGIN, JR. 
Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Edward Bergin, Jr., who passed away on August 12, 2017 at the age of 74. Mr. Bergin served an impressive five terms as mayor of Waterbury, Connecticut, and his strong and dedicated leadership guided the city through substantial economic change. Those of us in Connecticut will remember Mayor Bergin as a devoted public servant who exemplified what an elected official strives to be. He wanted to improve his community and help every person he represented. Mayor Bergin was a fierce advocate for Waterbury, and his roots in a bluecollar Irish family made him keenly conscious of the challenges facing the city. He grew up with a strong appreciation for public service, as his father, Edward Bergin, Sr., was elected to four terms as mayor of the city. The community knew Mayor Bergin for his commitment to Waterbury and his willingness to meet with and listen to people from all political perspectives. As mayor, Bergin led a number of critical initiatives to preserve important parts of Waterbury’s history, while also championing the city’s revitalization. Mayor Bergin successfully fought to stop the demolition of the Palace Theater, which would later be restored, preserving an important part of the city’s past. He also launched a large economic development project to tear down the Scovill manufacturing plant in the core of Waterbury to make room for the Brass Mill Center Mall. Mayor Bergin has a welldeserved reputation for astute management and organization of the government. Mr. Speaker, Mayor Edward Bergin was a dedicated public servant who spent his career making Waterbury a better city. It is fitting and proper that we honor his legacy here today. All those who knew him will cherish his memory, and the citizens of Waterbury will long remember his contributions to the city. f 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Joe Herring for 31 years of distinguished economic development service to the citizens of SouthCentral Idaho and on the occasion of his retirement from his current position as President of Region IV Development Association, Inc. In 1980, Mr. Herring came to Idaho to pursue a graduate degree in geography and land use planning after completing his undergraduate studies at New Mexico State University. Like other transplants to Idaho, Mr. Herring was drawn to the state’s wild places and exceptional natural beauty. Mr. Herring’s career in economic development began in 1980 as a land use planner in Moscow, Idaho—taking a parttime job that soon turned into a passion for assisting Idaho’s rural communities. In 1986, he joined Region IV Development Association, Inc. as its Executive Director and set in motion a decades’ long career working to improve the lives and livelihoods of Idaho residents. Under his leadership, the small regional planning organization grew from offering only work force training into supporting a wide variety of programs to promote job creation, economic development, community development, downtown revitalization, business financing, and many others. During Mr. Herring’s tenure, Region IV Development has been able to facilitate more than $1.2 billion in public and private sector investment in the eight counties of SouthCentral Idaho. These public improvement and business projects have supported the creation of more than 5,000 new employment opportunities for Idahoans. From the development of new drinking water systems to the construction of small rural clinics, from industrial park development to building new technical education facilities, Mr. Herring’s impact on communities throughout rural Idaho has been significant. With a focus on expanding community and economic development in SouthCentral Idaho, Mr. Herring has founded, incorporated, and led a number of organizations that have contributed to the growth and sustainability of rural communities throughout Idaho. Looking to bring state, federal and private sector resources to bear on local issues, Mr. Herring has served Idahoans in many capacities including as chairman of the Idaho Public Transportation Advisory Council, the Idaho Rural Partnership, Rural Community Assistance Corporation, IdahoNevada Community Development Financial Institution, and the SouthCentral Community Action Partnership. Mr. Herring has shown exceptional commitment to strengthening support networks available to foster small businesses and to help rural communities attract economic investments. To that end, Mr. Herring was responsible for bringing the Small Business Development Center to the region. He was also instrumental to the incorporation of the Southern Idaho Tourism and the Southern Idaho Economic Development Organization. Mr. Herring has led an amazing career dedicated to serving the people of Idaho. Mr. Speaker, I sincerely thank Mr. Herring for his service and commitment to economic development in Idaho. On behalf of a grateful state, I wish him well in the next chapter of his life. 
Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate Rodney R. Lewis, who has been proudly serving as the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of Lewis Energy Group for more than 35 years. Rodney R. Lewis was born in St. Louis, Missouri on July 13, 1954, but grew up in the city of Laredo, where he spent his summers working on his grandparents’ ranch. He graduated from United High School in Laredo, Texas in 1972, and then from Texas A&M International University with a degree in criminal justice. Rodney Lewis started his career in the oil industry in 1978 by working for Stampede Energy and the R.L. Burns Corporation. Eventually, through hard work and support from his family, Lewis became the proud owner of his own well, and in January of 1983, Lewis Petro Properties was created. Over its 35 years, Lewis Petro Properties grew into Lewis Energy Group, a fully integrated E&P company with its 
own drilling rigs, frack spreads and completion services, sand plant, gathering system and rail. Recently, Lewis Energy Group has undertaken many notable successes. In 2003, Lewis Energy entered into an agreement with Pemex to become the first American company to produce natural gas in Mexico, and in 2005, Lewis Energy Group expanded to become an operator in Colombia. Today, Lewis Energy Group is the fourth largest natural gas producer in Texas. Outside of managing Lewis Energy Group, Lewis also serves on the board of the National Aerospace Museum, where he assists in fundraising efforts to keep the institution going. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize Rodney R. Lewis. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in remembrance of the innocent victims who lost their lives, and those who were seriously injured, yesterday in the cowardly but horrific attack perpetrated by terrorists in Barcelona, Spain. Our hearts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of the victims and our thanks and appreciation go to the first responders who selflessly came to the aid of their fellow members of the human family. Barcelona will emerge from the attacks stronger than ever and more firmly committed to the values and principles that have made it so great. And as Barcelona recovers and responds, I hope its people take comfort in the certain knowledge that the people of the United States stand in solidarity with them. Today’s attack is a reminder of the common danger the free, democratic, and peace loving nations of the world face from those who reject the norms of civilized society and abuse the liberties and freedoms afforded them by free societies. It is also a reminder that violence and instability in the Middle East resonate far beyond the region, and the international community must not retreat from addressing it. Barcelona is a shining example of everything these terrorists despise: a vibrant, cosmopolitan European city and an open, inclusive society. It is a city steeped in history and art, and its dynamism invites millions of visitors from around the world. The United States will offer its full assistance to the people of Spain as they work to bring the perpetrators and the planners of this attack to justice. We will be relentless in our fight against terror. We will not allow terrorists to succeed in blinding us with fear. To confront this threat abroad and protect the American people at home, we must be both strong and smart. No terrorist can overcome the strength of our values. I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in remembrance of the victims of the terrorist attack in Barcelona. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ALEXANDER POZIN, WORLD WAR II VETERAN 
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the United States House of Representatives to join me in recognizing Mr. Alexander Pozin, a World War II veteran, who recently celebrated his 100th birthday. Alexander Pozin was born on May 1st, 1917, in Odessa, Ukraine. That same year in Russia, the Communist Revolution took place, leaving the Pozin family in a state of poverty. After working many different jobs to provide for his family, Pozin graduated from law school in 1939, and went on to become a successful lawyer. However, in June of 1944, Pozin was called to serve in the Russian Army as a fighter and bomber pilot in the 210th Division of the Soviet Air Force. By the end of the war, Pozin had reached the rank of lieutenant colonel, and had earned 18 medals from the Soviet government. Following his career in the military, Mr. Pozin moved to the United States. He became a professor at Stetson University, where he specialized in Slavic languages. Today, Mr. Pozin is resident of St. Augustine, Florida. Here, his philanthropic endeavors have had a valuable and visible impact on the St. Augustine community. He has volunteered with Learn To Read St. Johns County, and the Council on Aging’s Senior Center in St. Augustine. It is within these organizations that Mr. Pozin has connected with other individuals who weathered the storm of World War II, and shared his heroic and inspiring story. Mr. Speaker, I applaud Mr. Alexander Pozin for his service in World War II, and for his commitment to philanthropy and his community. f 
THE RETIREMENT OF REV. MELVIN V. WADE, SR. FROM MOUNT MORIAH BAPTIST CHURCH AFTER 42 YEARS OF SERVICE 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to honor the pastoral service of Reverend Melvin Von Wade, Sr. who will retire in September from his position as senior pastor of Mount Moriah Baptist Church of Los Angeles. Born September 18, 1944 in Memphis, Tennessee, Melvin Von Wade earned a Bachelor’s degree from Bishop College in Dallas, Texas, pursued graduate theological training at Perkins Theoretical Seminary in Dallas, Texas, and completed his seminary work at Faith Theological Seminary in Tacoma, Washington, where he received Master of Arts and Doctor of Ministry degrees. Over the last 42 years, Rev. Wade has led his congregation in its efforts to serve vulnerable populations in Los Angeles. Under his stewardship, Mount Moriah developed a 40 unit senior citizens’ apartment complex, the Mount Moriah Senor Villa. Perhaps most significantly, he worked to foster cooperation between the four National Baptist Conventions. As former President of the National Missionary Baptist Convention of America (NMBCA), he organized an unprecedented meeting between the four National Baptist Conventions. Moreover, Reverend Wade has served as Second Vice President of the California Missionary Baptist State Convention; Board member Council of National Black Churches; and Board Member of the Baptist World Alliance. In addition to his work within his faith community, Rev. Wade is known to have worked to advocate for civil rights. He is a lifetime member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. I congratulate Rev. Wade and the Mount Moriah Baptist Church community on their fruitful partnership of over four decades. I wish the best to both Rev. Wade and the congregation, as each embarks on a new chapter of service. 
The Senate met at 10:00:01 a.m. in pro forma session, and adjourned at 10:00:30 a.m. until 7 a.m., on Tuesday, August 22, 2017. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 7 public bills, H.R. 3656–3662; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 496–497, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Banks to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Chaplain: The Prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rabbi Arnold E. Resnicoff, Retired Chaplain, U.S. Navy, Washington, DC.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 10:02 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 7 a.m., Tuesday, August 22 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Tuesday, August 22 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 9 a.m. 
HOUSE Bass, Karen, Calif., E1137, E1140, E1142 Blackburn, Marsha, Tenn., E1141 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1139, E1141 Esty, Elizabeth H., Conn., E1141 Gaetz, Matt, Fla., E1139 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E1140 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1138, E1142 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E1137 Mast, Brian J., Fla., E1140 Polis, Jared, Colo., E1139 Rothfus, Keith J., Pa., E1138 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1140, E1142 Simpson, Michael K., Idaho, E1141 Wittman, Robert J., Va., E1137, E1140 