Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am hon-ored to recognize my constituent, Juanita ‘‘Sheba’’ Velasco, on receiving the World Ex-periences Foundation’s 2017 Global Citizen Award in Indigenous Diplomacy. Ms. Velasco, originally a weaver from the highlands of Gua-temala, maintains a strong passion for Mayan education and promoting indigenous diplo-macy. Over the course of her life, Ms. Velasco has worked in several museums, culture centers, schools, and universities around the world sharing her knowledge of the Mayan culture. In fact in 2016, Ms. Velasco was appointed the International Ambassador for peace and tourism by the Guatemalan government. Most recently, Ms. Velasco conducted a goodwill tour in Oklahoma, in which she spoke at universities, schools, and churches in the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. Her tour ended with a farewell reception at the Univer-sity of Central Oklahoma hosted by President Don Betz. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in applauding Ms. Velasco for receiving the Global Citizen Award in Indigenous Diplomacy and for her dedication to Mayan culture. I wish her the best in her future endeavors. 
f 
HOLY SEE ARTICLES 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 21, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share with my col-leagues several articles that I have written over the years regarding the Holy See. As a Member of the Europe, Eurasia, and Emerging Threats Subcommittee on Foreign Affairs, these pieces serve to outline and inform dis-cussions that our Committee will cover in the 115th Congress. 
REFLECTING ON POPEBENEDICT ’SPAPACY  (By Francis Rooney) The decision by Pope Benedict XVI to re-tire February 28 is a remarkable act of hu-mility and selflessness, and should be seen as a fitting closure on a papacy that was quiet-ly significant. When Joseph Ratzinger was elected in the 2005 conclave, many pundits viewed him as a temporary officeholder. Yet, Benedict XVI fulfilled the legacy he set out for himself when choosing the name of the World War I Pope. For nearly eight years, Benedict was a firm advocate of dialog with friend and foe. He bravely offered to the world a gift cherished by the Catholic faith— the union of faith and reason. In this capac-ity, the Pope was a bridge builder, and lived up to his Latin title Pontifex Maximus. Much maligned, Benedict put the Church in the perilous but necessary position between extremist religious fundamentalism and ex-tremist secular materialism. As United States Ambassador to the Holy See (2005–2008), I met the Pope on several oc-casions to discuss the symmetry of values between the Holy See (colloquially referred to as the Vatican) and the United States. In those private meetings and his annual ad-dresses to the diplomatic corps, Pope Bene-dict XVI exuded a humility that reflected the solemnity of his office. Elected to suc-ceed the charismatic Blessed John Paul II, he is to be commended for continuing the Holy See’s active role in promoting human dignity for all individuals. A great scholar, Benedict reminds us that religious values have an important role to play in the public square. In the span of eight years, Benedict visited 24 nations and the Palestinian Territories. He is the oldest Pope to travel outside of Eu-rope. In each pastoral visit, his diplomacy was understated and subtle, principally the act of Christian love. His influence on Catho-lics, and also ‘‘people of good will’’, is a tes-tament to soft power. For example, the Pope’s letter to Iranian president Ahmadinejad was decisive in resolving the disputed kidnapping of British sailors in 2007. In his trips to Cuba and Lebanon in 2012, Benedict asserted that politics is subor-dinate to moral considerations. Two trips epitomize the theme of Bene-dict’s papacy—Regensburg in 2006 and Lon-don in 2010. In the former, the erudite pro-fessor was quickly denounced by much of the international media for a criticism against a corruption of Islam that is intolerant and re-jects human agency. The complex lecture in-spired violent reprisals by some misinformed and radicalized Muslims around the world. Months later a Saudi prince visited the Holy See to foster and reciprocate the Pope’s forthright dialog. Four years later, Pope Benedict traveled to London despite vocal opposition from a small group of anti-Catholic critics. Dis-playing tremendous poise, Benedict gra-ciously spoke in Westminster Hall. Learning from Regensburg the need for clarity and concision more than academic merit, Bene-dict shared his view that ‘‘the world of rea-son and the world of faith—the world of sec-ular rationality and the world of religious belief—need one another and should not be afraid to enter into a profound and ongoing dialogue, for the good of our civilization.’’ It was a high point for the Catholic Church, and a statement that religion and spiritu-ality are not incompatible with modern life. The decision to retire is an act of humility. Benedict has left an indelible mark on the Catholic Church, preserved his theme of bonding faith and reason, and even main-tained integrity amidst a much-touted scan-dal over his trusted butler. The Servant of the Servants of God, a phrase introduced by Pope Saint Gregory I near the end of the sixth century, leaves office in an act of self-lessness. Soon after Benedict resigns, a papal con-clave will be called in Rome. The College of Cardinals will meet in the Sistine Chapel and elect a new Pope. As decreed by Pope John Paul II, Cardinals more than 80 years old cannot vote. As of right now, 118 Car-dinals are eligible to vote. A PAPAL BULL FOR FOGGY BOTTOM  (By Francis Rooney and Dan Mahaffee) Met by crowds inspired by both adoration (for the Pope) and indignation (towards their government), the visit of Pope Francis to Brazil provides valuable insights for how the United States can better approach its Latin American neighbors. The pronouncements of Pope Francis, a Pope of many firsts (first Jesuit, first from the Western Hemisphere), reflect a new Catholic evangelization based around human rights, social justice, and basic dignity. His austere lifestyle, stretching back to his days as a Jesuit priest in Buenos Aires, reflect his desire to refocus the Catholic Church to-wards its social mission of providing both physical and spiritual nourishment to the masses. The message he sent to tens of thousands of Brazilians and pilgrims from all over the world was one that sought to balance the pressures of rapid growth in both economic and geopolitical heft with the abject poverty in which many reside. Not far from gleaming high rises and the sandy stretches of Copacabana, he spoke to the favelas where many feel that the economic boom of the past decade has left them behind. While his message was to those gathered in Rio, it resonates in Caracas, La Paz, Mana-gua, Quito, and beyond. For those steering U.S. policy in the region, it hopefully reso-nates there as well. Similar to the Catholic Church, United States foreign policy has been inconsistent and episodic concerning Latin America. Dis-tracted by the continued turmoil in the Mid-dle East and the complexities of the ‘‘pivot’’ towards Asia, we have only furthered a belief that U.S. policy towards Latin America re-mains unchanged since the days of the Cold War. As the joke often goes, ‘‘there are only two real differences in U.S. Latin America policy: whether it is based in the 1960’s or the 1980’s.’’ Without understanding the broader dynam-ics of the region we will continue to view the region solely through the lenses of counter-narcotic operations, illegal immigration, and competition with China. Just as the Pope has taken the message of the Catholic Church directly to the people of Latin Amer-ica, we must also show how the interests of the United States align with those of the people of Latin America. While the anti-American leaders in the re-gion certainly have mastered the use of the democratic process, albeit at times under suspicious circumstances, and deploy vig-orous anti-American rhetoric, the coalitions they muster are not inspired by a ‘‘struggle against the yanqui, the enemy of mankind.’’ Instead, as all politics are local, these anti- American leaders are leveraging a public eager for greater economic and social equal-ity and opportunity. Despite the poor performance of these lead-ers (ask any Venezuelan about their access to basic staples such as cooking oil and toi-let paper), the U.S. lacks a counter narrative to those espousing socialist or Bolivarian ideologies. Just as the Pope said that ‘‘no one can re-main insensitive to the inequalities that per-sist in the world,’’ U.S. policy must better reflect how we can assist the people of Latin America and better encourage partnerships based on equitable growth and shared inter-ests. While we have strong ties with the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A21FE8.001 E21FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE224 February 21, 2017 
globalized elites of these nations, we must also reach out to those left behind. Again, the church provides the model in the various social and educational missions conducted by Jesuits, Franciscans, and countless other religious orders. These are the type of programs that provide real bene-fits to Latin Americans, and they can im-prove both perceptions of the United States and regional stability. The United States can focus on aid pro-grams that encourage bottom-up develop-ment and reduce the corruption inherent in top-down projects. We can provide assistance to promote better policing and social serv-ices, in many ways supporting the spread of innovative indigenous programs that ensure social welfare. We can nurture investment in the people instead of capital assets, and pursue projects that support open and fair economic com-petition, and equal and transparent enforce-ment of the law. Through improved access to U.S. markets, we can empower small busi-ness owners and entrepreneurs and show that the benefits of economic growth can be equi-tably distributed. Finally, we can dem-onstrate through deeds, not words, how the U.S. investments in the region stand in stark contrast to the exploitative, mercantilist ap-proach of China’s state-owned industries. In listening to the Pope’s message, we can build our own 21st century approach towards a region that can no longer afford to neglect. 
HOLYSEEDIPLOMACY IN THE MODERN ERA (By Francis Rooney) In the increasingly secular environment of the developed western world, driven by rapid information exchange and an unprecedented degree of inter-personal connectivity, one might consider the role the Holy See might play in the affairs of states and international relations as a quaint anachronism, a vestige of a distant past, and seek to consign the Holy See to obscurity. However, to do so would ignore the ageless foundation upon which Holy See diplomacy is based, and its relevance to humanity in the 21st century just as in the past. It would also fail to ac-count for the unique role the Holy See plays now, lacking a territorial agenda, in the cul-tural and religion-inspired conflicts in our world today. In fact, many leaders at Vatican II urged elimination of the diplomatic role of the Holy See, arguing that the Church should ex-clusively devote itself theological and pas-toral issues. In his papal letter of 24 June 1969, Sollicitudo Omniam Ecclesiarium, Pope Paul VI articulated the rational for contin-ued diplomatic engagement as a means of helping the community of nations ‘‘achieve the implementation of great human hopes, peace between nations, the domestic tran-quility and progress of each country.’’ These words call to mind the Preamble to our Con-stitution and the lofty goals of U.S. foreign policy of protecting human rights and dig-nity and spreading the essential freedoms around the world. A leading Vatican diplomat, Cardinal Jean Louis Tauran, describes the diplomatic force of the Holy See more tangibly as a ‘‘moral authority’’ able to ‘‘contest systems or ideas that corrode the dignity of the person and thus threaten world peace.’’ As the only nation founded from its begin-nings on the principle that man is endowed with inalienable rights, emanating from his being and not by the grant of some govern-ment, and the creators of the 1st Amend-ment’s protection of the freedom of religion, often called ‘‘the first freedom’’ from which others derive, the United States is a natural partner to the Holy See and can leverage its own goals and policy objectives by continued alignment with it. The Holy See is most effective when using its platform to denounce actions which un-dermine human dignity, inhibit freedom and oppress people. It has influence by moral per-suasion, often called ‘‘soft power,’’ which can accomplish results hegemonic authorities often cannot on their own. It is also effective in working quietly and bi-laterally on cer-tain types of issues which relate to its human rights orientation, and in using the power of its global network of clergy and Catholic organizations to advance its agen-da. In countries of high Catholic populations, there is even more potential to have an im-pact. The successful alignment of President Ron-ald Reagan and Pope John Paul II’s efforts to undermine communism in the 1980’s is well known. As Premier Gorbachev said, ‘‘Everything that happened in Eastern Eu-rope would have been impossible without the pope.’’ In fact, the Russian KGB had identi-fied the future pope as a strong anticommunist in 1971 and upon his election, the Communist Party of Poland called him ‘‘our enemy’’ against whom ‘‘all means are allowed’’ in opposing him. There are many less obvious examples of important work on the part of the Holy See on conflict resolution and the stimulation of dialogue. Pope John XXII played a critical role in creating a window for conciliation during the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, via a subtle, clandestine exchange of communica-tions among the pope, President Kennedy and Premier Khrushchev, using the editor of the Saturday Review, Norman Cousins, as an intermediary. This effort culminated with the well-known papal message on Vatican Radio on 25 October 1962 and its publication on the front page of Pravda then next day. The work of Myron Taylor at the Holy See during World War II, as President Roo-sevelt’s personal representative, is well doc-umented. In addition to the use of Vatican neutrality to maintain his routine visits to Pope Pius XII and to allow his assistant, Harold Tittmann, to remain in country throughout the war, the Holy See diplomatic pouch was used to send messages to the U.S. through Switzerland, all of which served to maintain a robust and valuable channel of information exchange throughout the war. The role the Holy See played soon thereafter in nudging newly elected (over strong U.S. opposition) Argentine President Juan Peron to send food to alleviate post war famine in Europe is not so well known. Recently, while I was serving as ambas-sador, we engaged the Holy See to work to unify the Christian block in Lebanon prior to the 2006 war, so as to fortify the power sharing coalition of Druze, Hezbollah and Christian which had brought relative sta-bility to the country for several years, and to bring the Holy See’s influence to bear in Latin America as several leaders, Hugo Cha-vez, Rafael Correa and Evo Morales in par-ticular, became increasingly hostile to U.S. interests. It was also during my time in Rome that Pope Benedict intervened to help a group of sailors from Britain who had strayed in to Iranian waters, at the request of Prime Minister Tony Blair. It is worth noting that in June 2009 when Manuel Zelaya, having been removed after provoking a constitutional crisis, attempted to return to Honduras and contest the suc-cessor government of Roberto Micheletti, Cardinal Oscar Andres Rodriguez Maradiaga played a significant, if not decisive role in keeping him out of the country. While these examples of tactical diplo-matic engagement are interesting, and dem-onstrate how effective the Holy See can be, the more sustaining and impactful recent ex-pressions of the Holy See’s exercise of its ‘‘soft power’’ come from Benedict XVI’s Regensberg speech and subsequent visits to the United Kingdom, the United States and Germany. When the pope spoke at Regensberg, Ger-many, in September 2006 against the misuse of religion to incite violence and advance ex-tremism and intolerance in the Islamic world, he used a poignant and controversial metaphor to make his point, and brought the attention of the entire world to bear on the question of how to temper the religious fer-vor of some interpretations of Islam with the reason and rationality of the modern world. Subsequent to this speech a group of 38 Mus-lim scholars has convened and explored ave-nues toward accomplishing this goal, seeking ‘‘a consonance between the truths of the Koranic revelation and the demands of human intelligence.’’ While there is much to achieve in this regard, the position of the Holy See, as both global interlocutor and one of the three Abrahamic faiths, has a special role to play. In a similar vein, the pope and clergy from around the world have discussed the risks to freedom and democracy from degradation of religion in modern society and its replace-ment with a material secularism. Pope Bene-dict XVI summarized the position in an ad-dress to the German parliament on 22 Sep-tember 2011, ‘‘Politics must be striving for justice, and hence it has to establish the fun-damental preconditions for peace . . . sys-tems of laws have almost always been based on religion: decisions regarding what has to be lawful among men were taken with ref-erence to the divinity.’’ Whether the internal national politics of a country, or the exter-nal pursuit of relations among states, the thesis is that without the ‘‘moral compass’’ and values of human decency and respect for individual rights inspired and taught by reli-gion, it is difficult to have justice and free-dom for long. The 20th century examples of totalitarianism, in Hitler’s Germany and Stalin’s Russia come to mind. We will see how the new pope, Pope Francis, takes these principles forward just as Pope Benedict expressed them in a con-text different from his predecessors, but nonetheless they remain the same, funda-mental principles. Popes have consistently applied these concepts through the years, John Paul II focused on Communism, Bene-dict XVI on radicalization secularism, John XXIII on nuclear war and Benedict XV and Pius XII on the evils of the two World Wars which dominated their papacies. I am hopeful that this ‘‘new world’’ pope, appearing to be more conversational and less formal, will be able to broaden and deepen the message, and deploy the ‘‘soft power’’ of the Holy See more effectively than ever to challenge abhorrent and oppressive behav-iors in the world. So far, his emphasis on the social mission of the Church squares well with a diplomacy based on the inalienable rights of man and the protection of human dignity for all. f 
HONORING KATHERINE (KITTY) MARY GEISSLER 
HON. ELIOT L. ENGEL 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 21, 2017 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, communities thrive when hard work, dedication, and sac-rifice are set by voluntary example. Katherine (Kitty) Mary Geissler has served her commu-nity with honor, and it’s a pleasure to wish her well on her 104th birthday year. Kitty was born in County Limerick, Ireland. She immigrated to the United States in 1930, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21FE8.003 E21FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE225 February 21, 2017 
where she met and married her husband George R. Geissler on October 7, 1942. Kitty joined the LAOH, Division 9 in Portchester, and transferred to the Tarrytown Division in 1951 when she and her family moved. The division was renamed The Kitty Geissler Division 11 following her tenure, a testament to her work there. Kitty served at every level of leadership, including ten con-secutive terms as President. She held several offices on the County level, and has been a delegate to many of the New York State and National Conventions. In addition, Kitty has been a delegate to the New York City St. Patrick’s Day Parade Com-mittee, while also being an active member of the American Irish Association of Westchester, the Catholic Daughters of America, The La-dies of Charity, The Ladies Auxiliary of the Fraternal Order of Eagles, and the Tarrytown Senior Citizens. In 1979 Kitty was honored by the American Irish Association and became the First A.I.A. Irish Woman of the Year. In 1986, Kitty was Aide to Grand Marshall Patrick Grimes in the Yonkers St. Patrick’s Day Parade to Grand Marshall Bill Burke in the New York City St. Patricks Day Parade. Kitty was the first Grand Marshall of the Sleepy Hollow St. Patrick’s Day Parade, served again in honor of her 100th birthday. Kitty’s dedication was recog-nized by the New York State LAOH after she was awarded the Mother Teresa Medal. Kitty’s real love though is family. She is the proud Grandmother of eight and great Grand-mother of nine. Kitty’s life is a true inspiration, and it is an honor to celebrate her incredible 104th birthday in Congress. I am honored to represent such a special constituent, and I am thankful for all she has done in the commu-nity. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE VOLUN-TEER FIRE CHIEF HENRY SHILEY 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 21, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor my constituent of Middle-town, Virginia, Volunteer Fire Chief Henry Shiley, who recently retired from the Middle-town Volunteer Fire and Rescue Company after 53 years of dedicated service, and also to congratulate him on receiving the status of Fire Chief Emeritus, awarded to retired fire chiefs of extraordinary distinction. Middletown, Virginia, located in the northern Shenandoah Valley, is home to Lord Fairfax Community College and also the site of the Battle of Cedar Creek during the Civil War. However despite the college and strong his-tory, Middletown would not be the close-knit, caring community that it is without the Middle-town Volunteer Fire Station and its long-time leader, Chief Shiley. For 53 years, Chief Henry Shiley dedicated his life to his community without any com-pensation, regularly putting himself and his fel-low volunteer first responders at risk as they attempted to aid people—neighbors and strangers alike—during some of the most des-perate moments of their lives. Over the course of his career, Chief Shiley has watched Company 12 progress and grow immensely. What was once a small, volunteer unit has morphed into a group of volunteer professionals that have gone through exten-sive training, including becoming emergency medical services (EMS) certified. The members of Company 12 are proud of their reputation of excellence and profes-sionalism and attribute it largely to their lead-er, Chief Shiley. In fact the group unanimously voted to grant Chief Shiley the status of Fife Chief Emeritus—a true testament to his ex-traordinary knowledge, steady leadership, kindness, and most importantly, sense of humor. On behalf of Virginia’s 10th District, I thank Chief Shiley for his half-century of service to Middletown and the Shenandoah Valley. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in ap-plauding Volunteer Fire Chief Henry Shiley for his years of selfless service and heroism and I wish him the very best in all of his future en-deavors. f 
TRIBUTE TO LEOMA LOVEGROVE 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 21, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of a creative vi-sionary in Florida’s 19th district—Leoma Lovegrove. As an excerpt from the Fort Myers News-Press says, ‘‘Walking into Lovegrove Gallery & Gardens is like walking into a rain-bow full of eye-popping neon pinks, oranges, purples, greens and blues . . . She applies her paintbrush to everything from cats to hearts to The Beatles.’’ Leoma Lovegrove is an impressionist-ex-pressionist painter known for her vivid paint-ings and colorful imagery. Leoma first started her art career making pottery, belt buckles and even decorated cow skulls. Then, a little over 20 years ago, she made her way to Matlacha—a small island community that be-came her home and her headquarters. Her artwork is represented in numerous galleries all over the world, including England and France. In fact, Leoma was the first American to paint on the replica of Claude Monet’s float-ing studio in Giverny, France and the first American painter to have an exhibition in the famous Pierre Bonnard home in Vernon, France. I applaud Leoma and her art studio, Lovegrove Gallery & Gardens, which has brought thousands of visitors to Matlacha and all of Southwest Florida. Leoma is inspired to paint with endless imagination, and her con-tribution to the arts, culture and economy of Southwest Florida deserves our recognition. She has inspired artists in us all. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF ERIN HUGHES 
HON. BARBARA COMSTOCK 
OF VIRGINIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Tuesday, February 21, 2017 Mrs. COMSTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and honor my constituent and Rock Ridge High School’s very own, Erin Hughes, for her impressive academic achievements and volunteer work. Over the last 3 years, Erin has volunteered over 100 hours between Rosa Lee Carter Ele-mentary School and Legacy Elementary School through both Educators Rising and the National Honor Society. As a mentor to these young students, she teaches them basic studying skills, helps them prepare for exams, and works with them to strengthen their read-ing and writing abilities. Recently, Erin received the Virginia State Conference Educators Rising award for Les-son Planning: Delivery of the Arts. This is a true testament to the interest Erin has taken for education at a young age. In addition to this achievement, Erin has been a member of the National Honor Society throughout high school, which requires maintaining a very competitive grade point average. In college, Erin hopes to study elementary education in the hopes of acquiring a teaching job at an el-ementary school in Loudoun County. Coming from a family of educators, I appre-ciate the invaluable role that educators play in inspiring our students and communities. The work Erin has done, and continues to do at Rosa Lee Carter Elementary School and Leg-acy Elementary School, will inspire and shape the lives of countless young men and women for decades to come. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to recognize Erin for her achievements and dedication to education. The interest she has taken at a young age is impressive, and I wish her all of the best in her future endeavors. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:26 Feb 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A21FE8.004 E21FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with REMARKS
D185 Tuesday, February 21, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
The Senate was not in session and stands ad-journed until 9 a.m., on Thursday, February 23, 2017. Committee Meetings 
No committee meetings were held. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 14 pub-lic bills, H.R. 1205–1213; and 1 resolution, H.J. Res. 83, were introduced.
                                     Page H1316 
Additional Cosponsors:                                       Page H1317 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: H.R. 998, to provide for the establishment of a process for the review of rules and sets of rules, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–14, Part 1); and H.R. 1004, to amend chapter 3 of title 5, United States Code, to require the publication of informa-tion relating to pending agency regulatory actions, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–15). 
                                                                                            Page H1316 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Thomas J. Rooney (FL) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
             Page H1315 
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Cara Spaccarelli, Christ Church Washington Parish, Washington, DC.
           Page H1315 
Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group—Appointment: The Chair announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members on the part of the House to the Mexico-United States Interparliamentary Group: Representatives Sa´nchez, Gene Green (TX), Polis, Torres, and Lofgren. 
                                                                                            Page H1315 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appears on page H1315. Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yea-and-nay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 2:30 p.m. and ad-journed at 2:33 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Feb 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D21FE7.REC D21FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD186 February 21, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9 a.m., Thursday, February 23 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will meet in a pro forma session. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9:30 a.m., Friday, February 24 
House Chamber 
Program for Friday: House will meet in Pro Forma ses-sion at 9:30 a.m. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Comstock, Barbara, Va., E223, E225, E225 Engel, Eliot L., N.Y., E224 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E223, E225 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:40 Feb 22, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D21FE7.REC D21FEPT1SSpencer on DSK4SPTVN1PROD with DIGEST