Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share with you an inspiring story about a community rallying to honor one of our Nation’s heroes. On September 12 of this year, Thomas Ed-ward Hunter passed away at the won-derful age of 93. He was a World War II veteran who served in Normandy and fought with our troops to liberate Europe from the Nazis. Unfortunately, Mr. Hunter spent his final years mostly alone in a nurs-ing home, and died without much close family. He literally outlived all of his siblings. He never married, nor had any children. As a result, he had no one to serve as pallbearers at his funeral. Word of Mr. Hunter’s passing reached the folks at Winnfield Senior High School, which is in a small community in rural north central Louisiana that I had the privilege of representing. After learning about Mr. Hunter’s fate, six Winnfield football players—Matthew Harrell, Brett Jurek, Justin Lawson, T.J. Homan, Christian Evans, and Lee Estay—stepped up to serve as pall-bearers for Mr. Hunter. In addition, the folks at Southern Funeral Homes arranged for military honors, along with the flag and the playing of taps. I am so inspired by the actions of Matthew, Brett, Justin, T.J., Christian, and Lee, as well as others in the com-munity, who gave Mr. Hunter the hero’s sendoff that he so deserved. They didn’t know this man, but they knew that every veteran deserves to die with dignity and to be honored for the sacrifices they made for our great Nation. Mr. Speaker, I think the actions of these men that you see in the photo to my left here speaks volumes of what is so truly important in our country: community, country, family, God. Our flag and the Nation it stands for is special because of veterans like Thomas Hunter who answered the call to serve without question. Thousands have given their lives for that flag and this Nation, and they deserve our re-spect for their ultimate sacrifices. These young men in Winnfield, they get that. They got that at this funeral. I think others in this country will learn from their wonderful example. SENATE PROPOSED HEALTHCARE SYSTEM IS INSANE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, Albert Einstein is reported to have once said: The definition of insanity is trying to do the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result. Using that definition, the men in the white coats with large butterfly nets have plenty of wacky patients to catch in the Senate, where this week—tomor-row, in fact—the Republican leadership is once again, for over the 60th time, trying to jam through a so-called healthcare bill which will repeal the Affordable Care Act without a coherent replacement. Once again, the Republican leader-ship will force a vote without analysis by the Congressional Budget Office of the Cassidy-Graham bill, no hearings at the healthcare committee; and in the face of a tidal wave of opposition from the healthcare world, patient groups, healthcare givers, and even Re-publican Governors have had one mes-sage over the last week, which is to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. Speaker, just to give you a small sample of some of the patient groups that have spoken out over the last week in opposition to this measure, they include the ALS Association, the American Cancer Society, The Amer-ican Diabetes Association, the Amer-ican Heart Association, the American Lung Association, the Arthritis Foun-dation, the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation, the National Kidney Foundation, the Down Syndrome Caucus, the American Foundation for the Blind, the National Multiple Sclerosis Society, the Ampu-tee Coalition of America, the Autism Speaks group, the Coalition to Stop Opioid Overdose, and AARP. These are mainstream, trusted orga-nizations, which all of us have donated 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.000 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7438 September 25, 2017 
to, done walkathons, done everything we can to help their missions, which is to help America’s patients. They are unanimous that the Senate should re-ject this measure and that we should move on to a new approach—following Mr. Einstein’s advice—to try and fix the American healthcare system. Incredibly, American provider groups, who at many times are at each other’s throats in terms of different healthcare legislation, have also taken the same position: the American Med-ical Association; the American Nurses Association; the Association of Amer-ican Medical Colleges; the American Hospital Association; the Catholic Health Association of the United States; and the American Health Care Association, which represents thou-sands of nursing homes like the one that just cared for that gentleman that we heard such kind words about a mo-ment ago from Louisiana. Again, incredibly, the National Asso-ciation of Medicaid Directors from all 50 States—Republican States and Democratic States—issued an extraor-dinary letter last week. Again, these are folks who run the system. They are actually on the ground. They are in the real world, not in the political bubble of Washington, and they have unani-mously begged the Senate to vote ‘‘no,’’ and to stop this rush to under-mining and creating a catastrophic damage to America’s healthcare sys-tem. The RAND Corporation issued a re-port just a couple of days ago that talked about the impact of this meas-ure on America’s veterans. 1.75 million American veterans use the Medicaid program; many in nursing homes, maybe like Mr. Hunter, who we just heard about. The RAND Corporation has told us that passing this measure will undermine our promise to Amer-ica’s veterans, the people who wore the uniform of this country, that they would have access to coverage through the Medicaid program. That is what this bill does. Mr. Speaker, in the real world, at the end of this week, the Children’s Health Insurance Program, a bipartisan meas-ure that passed a couple of decades ago, expires its authorization. The law that provides authorization for America’s community health centers, that ex-pires at the end of this week. The Na-tional Health Service Corps, which al-lows young Americans to get the op-portunity for affordable medical edu-cation, that expires at the end of this week. That is what we should be focused on; not another mindless rushed judgment to satisfy a political promise that the American people don’t want and we know, from all the folks who are out there in the real world of America’s healthcare system, won’t work. Vote ‘‘no.’’ RECOGNIZING THE WORK OF THE GUARDIANS OF THE WASH-INGTON CROSSING NATIONAL CEMETERY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my admiration for a dedicated group of individuals in my community who tirelessly work to en-sure every veteran receives the rec-ognition they deserve. This organization is the Guardians of the Washington Crossing National Cemetery. Through rain, sleet, extreme heat, and excessive cold, conditions that would make others seek shelter, these dedicated members have not missed a single veteran’s funeral since the opening of the Washington Cross-ing National Cemetery. Over 10,000 of our Nation’s veterans have received their final honors provided by this de-voted patriotic group of citizens. It is with deep gratitude that I share their efforts on this floor. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of their humble service, I include their names in the R
ECORD . 
Bob Craven, Gabe Masico, John Heenan, Dan Worden, Mel Benson, Joe Hogan, Joe Longmore, Marge Weiner, Jerry Byrnes, Gene Hamilton, Hugh Bell, Les Walters, Randy Seitter, Ken Myerson, George Sweet, Tom Hauserman, Ron Lyons, Gene Teece, Bob Miles, Terry Schweikert. Bill McKenna, Walter Elsperger, Bob Sundling, Sal Castro, Tom Molnar, Bob Davis, Jan Becknell, Bob Greenwood, Bill Tuttle, Bill Kratz, Harry Magrisi, Harold Shultz, Rich Bender, Tim Ward, Ken Fox, Skip Munday, John D’ascenzo, Fred Ameel, Joe Darwalk, Frank Adams. John Morgan, Walt Jerdan, Dennis Cudnik, Joe Fonde, Steve Whiteman, Terry Sherk, Jim McDevitt, Bob Castor, Jim Kuhn, Tom Lyons, Bob Boccuti, Jim Hartman, Kathleen Mcall, Marc Wilard, Victor Teat, Ned Cooney, Dick Lima, John Lee, John Whar-ton, Jim Frawley. Chet Gursky, Donn Nolan, Tim Ghebeles, John Sandle, Jim Harris, Ed Steglik, Bill Fenimore, Bob Crossett, Fred Cadwell, Bill Lee, Steve Govern, Brian Watson, Joe Keller, Bill Stevens, Barry Helfer, Dan Madden, Mer Claar, Don Weiss, Charles Godin, John McGarrigle, Jerry McGovern, Fred Stewart, Jack Jameson. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, we can never truly thank our Nation’s vet-erans enough for their service and their sacrifice. But the work of the members, past and present, of the Washington Crossing National Cemetery Honor Guard is an example we should all fol-low. 
MITOCHONDRIAL DISEASE AWARENESS WEEK  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the importance of raising awareness of mitochondrial disease this month of September. Mitochondrial disease is a chronic genetic disorder that occurs when the mitochondria of the cells fail to produce enough energy to keep them functioning. This disease affects 1 in 4,000 Americans of all ages, including my constituent, Bettemarie Bond. It can have severe consequences. Symptoms of mitochondrial disease are poor growth, loss of motor function, and an increased risk of infection. For more than 25 years, Bettemarie has re-lied on continuous infusions of paren-teral nutrition, saline, and pain medi-cation to help manage the effects of her conditions. As a patient advocate, she raises awareness of the importance of access to home care. Home infusion care has allowed Bettemarie to go to college, work as an occupational therapist, and buy her home in my hometown of Levittown. This month we highlight the impor-tance of coming together to support those with this disease, as well as edu-cate the public about its effects. We can and must spread awareness for this disease through social media aware-ness, spreading the word in our com-munities, sharing stories of those af-flicted, wearing green in support, and holding events to help gain recognition of this disease and its repercussions. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to speak with all those impacted by this condi-tion, including my constituents, as we work to find a cure. f 
40TH ANNIVERSARY OF FOOD STAMPS ACT OF 1977 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. M
CGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. M
CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, this Friday marks the 40th anniversary of the Food Stamps Act of 1977, landmark legislation that expanded the reach of the Food Stamps program and made it more effective and efficient. The bipartisan legislation came as a response to the severe hunger and mal-nutrition that plagued our country in the 1960s. In 1968, a CBS documentary called ‘‘Hunger in America’’ turned the Nation’s focus to this terrible problem, making us all aware that even in the United States of America, the richest country in the history of the world, kids were going to school hungry and families couldn’t afford nutritious meals. For the next decade, my friend and mentor, Senator George McGovern, the Democrat from South Dakota; and Senator Bob Dole, a Republican from Kansas, led the Select Committee on Nutrition and Human Needs. This bi-partisan panel worked to examine the issue of hunger and malnutrition in the United States. They held field hearings to witness firsthand how devastating the curse of hunger was across this country. They worked together to edu-cate the public and other Members of Congress on hunger, and worked to-gether to find common ground on how best to tackle this terrible problem. Out of this work came important up-dates to the Food Stamps program. The Food Stamps Act of 1977 estab-lished national standards of eligibility for the program and eliminated the re-quirement that recipients pay for their 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.002 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7439 September 25, 2017 
stamps. It was revolutionary and it helped to dramatically reduce extreme poverty and extreme hunger in the United States. Since the 1970s, Congress has worked to strengthen the program, making it even more effective and efficient. We have modernized benefit processing, and replaced the paper food stamps with EBT cards. We have added incen-tives for the purchase of healthy foods, and improved access to fresh fruits and vegetables. We have updated benefit calculations to exclude combat pay for military families, and allow childcare deductions to assist families with young children. In 2008, we renamed the program SNAP, the Supplemental Nutrition As-sistance Program. The modern SNAP provides millions of children, seniors, and other vulnerable adults with food assistance each year. It helps families lift themselves out of poverty, and im-proves health, educational, and eco-nomic outcomes for its recipients. As I hear from families in my dis-trict, I learn how powerful SNAP is in transforming lives. Just last week I heard the story of a graduate school- educated constituent who became dis-abled and was unable to work and was resistant to applying for SNAP. She didn’t think she fit the profile of some-one who needed food benefits, but she did. She applied for and received bene-fits, and now she no longer panics about where her next meal is going to come from. b1215 This constituent wanted us to know that people who use SNAP are not lazy. She said: ‘‘SNAP helps people at least not to have to worry as much about going to bed, school, or work hungry.’’ Another constituent shared that she and her husband rely on SNAP to eat healthier meals. Prior to receiving ben-efits, they had peanut butter and jelly for almost every meal. Now, with mod-est assistance, they are able to buy fruits and vegetables. While they still continue to struggle, they are able to enjoy more nutritious meals, and they have seen an improvement in their health. These are just a few stories of how important it is to maintain—and in-crease—these lifesaving food benefits. Still, as 42 million Americans continue to struggle with hunger and food inse-curity, more needs to be done. In preparation for the 2018 farm bill, the House Agriculture Committee has conducted a thorough review of the program. We have held 23 hearings and received testimony from dozens of ex-pert witnesses—both liberal and con-servative—who all agree that the pro-gram is working. Based on this testimony, we have learned that there is no reason whatso-ever to undermine the program through structural changes, block grants, further restrictions, more oner-ous requirements, or cuts, as some of my House colleagues have proposed. Instead, we should be focused on making the program even better. We need to make sure that anyone who needs modest food assistance benefits has access to them. We need to support and expand innovative programs that help to increase the purchasing power of SNAP, and we need to increase SNAP benefits which currently average a mere $1.40 per person, per meal, in order to provide families on the pro-gram with access to more nutritious food that will last them through the month. Mr. Speaker, SNAP works. It is our Nation’s first line of defense against hunger and one of the most important tools we have to help lift our neighbors out of poverty. In the spirit of Senators McGovern and Dole, it is time for Congress to renew their bipartisan commitment to ending hunger in this country once and for all. As we celebrate the 40th anni-versary of the landmark Food Stamp Act of 1977, I urge my colleagues to join me in strengthening SNAP and working to end hunger now. 
f 
FIRST PRINCIPLES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. J
EFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, on the question of race, we clearly have come a long way in America, but we still have a long way to go. There are some in this country who want to sugarcoat the African-Amer-ican experience in the great United States of America, but the facts are the facts. In this country, the African- American community has been forced to endure slavery, rape, kidnapping, lynchings, Jim Crow, segregation, mass incarceration, and a police brutality epidemic that continues to this very day. It was in this context that ath-letes like Colin Kaepernick bravely chose to kneel down so that others may have the courage to stand up. There are some who have criticized these athletes as unpatriotic, but their actions are uniquely American. Liberty and justice for all is an American value. Equal protection under the law is an American value. Freedom of speech and expression as embedded in the First Amendment is an American value. Yet there is criticism coming even from folks in the White House. I find this ironic because this is the same group of people at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue who regularly refuse to criti-cize Vladimir Putin and defend Rus-sia’s interference with our election, un-dermining American democracy for the first time in our Nation’s history. How dare you lecture us about what is patriotic. So I just came to the House floor to make it clear to all of the athletes across this great country who have chosen to stand up and confront injus-tice in our society that there are Mem-bers of the United States Congress who have your back. Steph Curry, we have your back. LeBron James, we have your back. Coach Mike Tomlin, we have your back. You stand on the shoulders of giants like Joe Louis, Wilma Rudolph, Jackie Robinson, Jim Brown, Bill Russell, Mu-hammad Ali, and so many others who throughout the annals of time chose to confront injustice in America to make us a better place. Now you have taken the baton, and, thankfully, you are doing the same exact thing. We should be grateful. God bless you, and God bless the United States of America. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until 2 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. F
OXX) at 2 p.m. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. We come to You as a nation in the midst of significant, imminent transi-tion, even as important disagreements on policy promise vigorous debate in the days to come. As people look for causes and solu-tions, the temptation is great to seek ideological position. We ask that You might send Your spirit of peace and reconciliation, that instead of ascend-ency over opponents, the Members of this people’s House and all elected to represent our Nation might work to-gether, humbly, recognizing the best in each other’s hopes to bring stability and direction toward a strong future. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. P
ITTENGER ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. PITTENGER led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:27 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.004 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7440 September 25, 2017 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
EXTRAORDINARY MILITARY LEADERSHIP (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Madam Speaker, I was grateful to par-ticipate in a congressional delegation last week to Japan, the Republic of Korea, Guam, and Hawaii. We visited troops on the front line who are defend-ing American families and promoting peace through strength. In the shadow of North Korea’s latest missile launch over Japan, it was reas-suring to meet with leadership of the highest competence and integrity. We were inspired by the leadership from Vice Admiral Phil Sawyer, Com-mander U.S. 7th Fleet; General Vincent Brooks, Commander, U.S. Forces Korea; Lieutenant General Tom Bergeson, Commander, 7th Air Force; Lieutenant General Tom Vandal, Com-manding General, 8th Army; Rear Ad-miral Shoshana Chatfield, Commander, Joint Region Marianas; Lieutenant General Bryan Fenton, Deputy Com-mander, U.S. Pacific Command; Admi-ral Scott Swift, Commander, U.S. Pa-cific Fleet; General Terrence O’Shaughnessy, Commander, Pacific Air Forces; General Robert Brown, Commander, U.S. Army Pacific. The delegation was professionally co-ordinated by Captain Scott Farr and Lieutenant Commander Victoria Marum. Many thanks to staff Craig Collier and Brian Garrett for accom-panying the delegation. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Our prayers are with those in Mexico City, Puerto Rico, and all in the path of Hurricane Maria. 
f 
THE MEDIA BIAS BEAT GOES ON (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speak-er, the media bias beat goes on. Last week on PBS, columnist Mark Shields criticized Senate sponsors of the new healthcare bill. He said that no Republican Senators have credentials for working on healthcare, and added that Senator C
ASSIDY got to the Senate a year ago and is not exactly a long- term legislator. In two clicks online, Mark Shields could have learned that B
ILLCASSIDY  and his wife are both doctors who have provided healthcare for people around the world. Those are called credentials. Senator C
ASSIDY also served in the State senate, three terms in the U.S. House, and is now in his third year in the United States Senate. He is obvi-ously an experienced legislator. Where is the balance? Where is the truth? And the liberal national media wonder why their credibility with the American people is at a record low. f 
RECOGNIZING NATIONAL SUICIDE PREVENTION AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Madam Speaker, I rise today during National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. Madam Speaker, our Nation’s vet-erans are 22 percent more likely to commit suicide than their nonveteran peers. This trend is troubling, and we all must work to reverse it. The Department of Veterans Affairs started a new campaign this month called Be There. The campaign empha-sizes small actions, such as calling an old friend, checking on a neighbor, or inviting a colleague to go for a walk. These small gestures may have a real impact on someone who is struggling or feeling alone. Suicide rates are especially high in rural areas, where veterans may expe-rience isolation or limited access to VA care—often for mental health con-cerns. That is why I introduced the VETS Act, which seeks to build on the VA’s existing telemedicine program. It allows veterans to receive mental healthcare from anywhere. This will give our veterans greater access to the care they so desperately need. Madam Speaker, our servicemen and -women answered the call of duty. When they return home, it is our turn to be there for them. 
f 
COMMENDING THE MOSER GROUP AND WINGATE UNIVERSITY ON HURRICANE ASSISTANCE EF-FORTS (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, I rise today in honor of The Moser Group and Wingate University for their ex-traordinary organizational and grass-roots efforts to help victims of Hurri-canes Irma in Florida and Harvey in Texas. This week, these two organiza-tions will load two 18-wheeler trucks to deliver supplies directly to the affected areas. Commitment to charity and compas-sion for victims of national disasters is truly what makes America great. In North Carolina, we know all too well about the consequences of hurri-canes: 98,000 homes and 19,000 busi-nesses were destroyed by Hurricane Matthew, from which we are still re-covering. Organizations like The Moser Group and Wingate University are key to re-covery efforts across the country. They are to be commended. Madam Speaker, God bless them as they continue to help people in need. f 
HOW THE FIRST AMENDMENT WORKS (Mr. TROTT asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. TROTT. Madam Speaker, over the weekend, I spent a little time watching football. I am happy to say that my Michigan Wolverines won their game; sad to say that the Detroit Lions lost to the Falcons, but, hope-fully, they will have a good season. There was also quite a bit of con-troversy this weekend about who was standing and sitting for our National Anthem at sporting events. We do not need to concern ourselves with this issue, and the reason is because the First Amendment works. Here is how the First Amendment works: A little over a year ago, a quar-terback in the NFL chose not to stand for the National Anthem. I personally disagree with that statement, but it was his choice under the First Amend-ment. The fans booed. The fans could have clapped; they could have booed. Many fans booed. The owners listened, and now that quarterback is not em-ployed in the NFL. That is how the First Amendment works. What we should concern our-selves with is how soon 3 million people in Puerto Rico are going to get water and electricity, why millions of Ameri-cans are uncertain regarding their healthcare, and what we are going to do about North Korea. Madam Speaker, that is what we need to focus on in this House. That is what we were sent to do. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 3 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1504 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. B
ARTON ) at 3 o’clock and 4 minutes p.m. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. First, I thank our chairman, who al-ways conducts himself in such a bipar-tisan fashion. I thank him for includ-ing everyone and thank him for the work that he does. I also thank the bill’s author, our former chair of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN from Florida. I am pleased to join her as the Democratic cosponsor of this legisla-tion. She authored an earlier version of this bill, which is a testament to how long she has been working to shine a light on the daily horror of so many living in North Korea and to bring American leadership to bear, to ease their suffering. We have been focused on North Korea a great deal lately because of the Kim regime’s increasingly provocative be-havior and our own administration’s inconsistent and irresponsible rhetoric. North Korea poses a great threat to our national security and the security of our friends and allies. We need a smart, coherent approach that com-bines diplomacy, pressure, and deter-rence to halt North Korea’s progress in developing nuclear weapons. At the same time, we cannot lose sight over what the North Korean peo-ple are enduring. This is a country where people don’t have rights, and anyone who dares speak his or her mind may find themselves subjected to beatings, torture, brutal imprison-ment, or even death. The United States Commission of In-quiry found that Kim Jong-un’s regime is very likely committing crimes against humanity. Mr. Speaker, I visited North Korea twice. When I was there with a few of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle, our North Korean minders were very careful to make sure we only saw what we were supposed to see. b1515 But we could sense that beneath the surface, something was terribly, ter-ribly wrong. First of all, they wouldn’t let us go out of Pyongyang; that just out of sight, it was amazing that there were so many people living under the most brutal conditions imaginable and that no one dared shatter the illusion that the North Korean authorities had just created. When you go into North Korea, it feels like you are stepping back into 1953 Berlin. Everything was gray and dark and drab, and you could just see something was wrong. We know better. We have seen year after year of disturbing reports and stories from defectors who have told us exactly what life is like for most North Koreans, and we haven’t forgotten them. The law that we are reauthorizing today first became law in 2004. This legislation will preserve funding for American assistance to North Korean refugees, for humanitarian assistance inside the country, as well as informa-tion efforts by our government, and to try every means possible to get the message out to regular North Korean people that we are not their enemy. I will say that I am greatly con-cerned that the latest iteration of the President’s travel ban, which now in-cludes North Korea, sends exactly the wrong message to defectors from that country. By closing our door to them, we reinforce the paranoia that the re-gime perpetrates. We have to be careful not to get caught in the middle of that. An earlier version of this law created a senior State Department position to focus on human rights in North Korea. It is a big job, Mr. Speaker, and in re-cent years, there has been someone to do this important work full time, but it has been reported that the adminis-tration plans to combine this position with the Under Secretary for Democ-racy. I think that would be a mistake. The Under Secretary position already oversees the bureaus and offices that deal with a huge range of issues from counterterrorism, to refugees, to nar-cotics, to human trafficking. It is a pretty full agenda, yet the administra-tion on the one hand says North Ko-rean human rights should be combined with that job, and on the other hand has not yet nominated anyone to fill the position. So I think there is a lot of work to be done on both sides, and that is what we are doing on the Foreign Affairs Com-mittee. We are working together. This reauthorization reaffirms Con-gress’ view that we should have a sen-ior full-time diplomat dealing with North Korean human rights. I ask that this provision be included once again. I am grateful to Chairman R
OYCE and Chairman Emeritus R
OS-LEHTINEN that Congress will continue to speak out on the importance of this role. It is also my view that we need to stop neglecting our diplomacy and get these positions filled. We cannot expect the State Department to deal with these challenges—whether North Ko-rea’s nuclear program or North Korea’s human rights record—without leader-ship in place, but I am glad that Con-gress is continuing to do its job in helping to promote human rights for the North Koreans. I am, again, grateful to my friend from Florida and the chairman. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. Among a number of amendments that he has contributed to this bill, there is one in particular that I think is very important, and that is increas-ing the number of tools that can be used here, to include new technologies to North Korea, like USB drives. It is a lot easier for people to watch on USB drives as well as, of course, mobile phones and DVDs. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2061, the North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017. I com-mend Chairman Emeritus ROS- L
EHTINEN for leading this reauthoriza-tion effort, and Chairman R
OYCE and my colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee for their support of this legislation. The horrific human rights abuses committed by Kim Jong-un are an in-tegral part of his power structure. Countering these unspeakable crimes, however we can, is both a moral imper-ative and a sound strategy. As amended, H.R. 2061 includes my Distribution and Promotion of Rights and Knowledge Act, which will improve U.S. efforts to broadcast outside infor-mation into North Korea, weakening Kim Jong-un’s regime by eroding his stranglehold on information. It will provide light to the North Koreans; not just light to read by, but shine light on those innate basic beliefs of liberty and freedom. Specifically, this language updates the means in which information can be disseminated, helping to find new ways to end the Kim regime’s monopoly on information. The two bills are natural partners and, together, they can meaningfully advance human rights and free flow of information in North Korea. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the chair-man for yielding. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the Kim regime poses a grave threat to global security, and it is critical that the United States move ahead with a coherent strategy to help meet this challenge. At the same time, the Kim regime’s treatment of its own people represents one of the worst human rights situa-tions in the entire world. We cannot lose sight of that human suffering that is going on every day. For years, the United States has made it a priority to do what we can to help those living under this brutal dic-tatorship and to assist those who have escaped it. This legislation will ensure that the United States continues this important work in the years ahead. I want to say that Chairman R
OYCE  has made it a mark of his to travel the region, to speak with South Korea, to speak with the leaders in Asia. I am pleased that we are well represented when he goes there and lets the re-gimes know that we in Congress have a lot of things to say and that we want to stand by our allies and let North 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7444 September 25, 2017 
Korea understand that they cannot push anybody around. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for having visited Korea with him and for all the things he does in Asia. I think the committee is united in sup-porting this legislation. We have to speak out. We have to protect the North Korean people who have no pro-tection from a brutal dictator and a re-gime that treats them like they are worthless. I urge Members to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank our ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT ENGEL , also for his work on the original bill. For a number of years, we have been focused in a bipartisan way, those of us who are concerned about human rights in North Korea. This is the reauthor-ization, but the original measure was to promote human rights and free in-formation inside North Korea, and to focus on the protection of North Kore-ans who have fled the country and face a heightened risk of exploitation and human trafficking. We have been able to work on enforcement, but now with reauthorization, there is a chance to update it. Those updates in H.R. 2061 not only reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act, but there are these prom-ising new technological advances to pierce the information darkness, as Mr. T
EDYOHOmentioned. That darkness is maintained intentionally by Kim Jong- un’s regime. Confronted by a rapidly nuclearizing North Korea, these tools are more important than ever. Rather than putting all of his energy into menacing the world, as he does with his nuclear program, Kim Jong-un must be confronted with the urgent needs, with the legitimate aspirations of the people of North Korea. There are 120,000 of his people that are in what we call these gulags across North Korea. Without reforms, these individuals are never going to see the light of day, they are never going to be released to freedom. This critical bipartisan bill deserves our unanimous support. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2061, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. RECOGNIZING THAT FOR 50 YEARS THE ASSOCIATION OF SOUTH EAST ASIAN NATIONS HAS WORKED TOWARD STABILITY, PROSPERITY, AND PEACE IN SOUTHEAST ASIA Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 311) recognizing that for 50 years the Asso-ciation of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) has worked toward stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The text of the resolution is as fol-lows: H. R ES. 311 Whereas on September 10, 1977, the United States and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (in this resolution referred to as ‘‘ASEAN’’) established dialogue relations, with 2017 marking the 40th anniversary of United States-ASEAN relations; Whereas on August 8, 2017, ASEAN will cel-ebrate fifty years of regional cooperation to-wards greater stability, peace, and pros-perity in Southeast Asia; Whereas on April 29, 2008, the United States was the first non-ASEAN country to appoint an ambassador to ASEAN and the United States became the first dialogue partner to establish a permanent mission to ASEAN in 2010; Whereas the United States committed in 2009 to hold an annual United States-ASEAN Leaders’ Meeting, and upgraded the commit-ment in 2012 to an annual United States- ASEAN Summit; Whereas on April 20, 2017, Vice President Mike Pence met with the ASEAN Secretary General and ASEAN Permanent Representa-tives in Jakarta, Indonesia, and stated that the United States-ASEAN relationship ‘‘without a doubt has benefitted both ASEAN and America—diplomatically, economically, and from the standpoint of national secu-rity’’; Whereas on February 16, 2016, at the Sunnylands Summit in California, the United States and ASEAN reaffirmed their shared commitment to maintain peace, secu-rity, and stability throughout the region; Whereas in 2013 ASEAN, as a whole, was the seventh-largest economy in the world with an annual Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of $2.4 trillion, and is the United States’ fourth-largest export market with total exports reaching $102,000,000,000 in 2015; Whereas the United States and ASEAN have strong economic ties, as the United States is the single largest investor in ASEAN with accumulated United States for-eign direct investment totaling almost $226,000,000,000 as of 2014, and economic rela-tions with ASEAN supporting more than 500,000 jobs in the United States; Whereas the United States-ASEAN part-nership is vital to the security interests of the United States, as both the United States and the members of ASEAN have a shared common interest in a peaceful resolution of the South China Sea disputes and achieving a denuclearized North Korea; Whereas on November 4, 2002, the Declara-tion on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea was signed by all members of ASEAN and the People’s Republic of China, committing all parties to ‘‘exercise self-re-straint in the conduct of activities that would complicate or escalate disputes and affect peace and stability’’; Whereas ASEAN is a partner to the United States on key transnational challenges, such as terrorism, violent extremism, environ-mental degradation, energy, infectious dis-eases, disarmament, proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, cybersecurity, traf-ficking in persons, illicit trafficking of wild-life and timber, and illegal, unregulated, and unreported fishing; and Whereas the 2016 East Asia Summit in Vientiane adopted a statement on non-proliferation that reaffirmed the United States, ASEAN, and other Dialogue Part-ners’ support for efforts at the national, re-gional, and international level to promote nuclear disarmament, nuclear nonprolifera-tion, and peaceful uses of nuclear energy, and reiterated the importance of nuclear se-curity to combating nuclear terrorism: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representa-tives— (1) supports and affirms the elevation of the United States-ASEAN relationship to a strategic partnership, and reaffirms the United States commitment to promoting a rules-based order in the Asia-Pacific and eco-nomic growth, peace, human rights and sta-bility in Southeast Asia; (2) recognizes the value of ASEAN working with economic, political, and security part-ners, such as Australia, Canada, the Euro-pean Union, India, Japan, New Zealand, Nor-way, the Republic of Korea, and Taiwan both inside and outside of Asia, to both strength-en existing initiatives such as the United States-ASEAN Connect and to develop new initiatives that address mutual strategic concerns; (3) encourages the enhancement of eco-nomic engagement between the United States and ASEAN through the elimination of trade barriers; (4) supports cooperation with ASEAN to implement practical counter-terrorism and countering violent extremism measures, in-cluding efforts to counter homegrown radicalization and stem foreign fighter trav-el; (5) supports efforts by ASEAN member states and other regional states, including the People’s Republic of China, to address maritime and territorial disputes in a con-structive manner and to pursue claims, through diplomacy and the use of legitimate regional and international arbitration mech-anisms, consistent with international law, including through the adoption of a code of conduct in the South China Sea to further promote peace and stability in the region; (6) urges all parties to maritime and terri-torial disputes in the Asia-Pacific region to— (A) exercise self-restraint in the conduct of activities that would undermine stability or escalate disputes through the use of coer-cion, intimidation, or military force; and (B) refrain from efforts to militarize uninhabited islands, reefs, shoals, and other features, through actions including the con-struction of new garrisons and facilities, and the relocation of additional military per-sonnel, materiel, or equipment; and (7) reaffirms the commitment of the United States to continue joint efforts with ASEAN to halt human smuggling and traf-ficking in persons and urges ASEAN to make increased efforts to create and strengthen re-gional mechanisms to provide assistance and support to refugees and migrants. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.013 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7445 September 25, 2017 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize Congressman J
OAQUIN CASTRO and Con-gresswoman A
NNWAGNER for intro-ducing this timely measure. This is an important but, frankly, often overlooked part of the world. This is Southeast Asia. Mr. Speaker, Southeast Asian na-tions came together 50 years ago to promote regional cooperation. Their goal was to achieve greater stability and peace and prosperity by creating the Association of South East Asian Nations. We know this as ASEAN today. This year marks their 50th anniver-sary and the 40th anniversary of rela-tions between the United States and ASEAN. This year, President Trump will visit the region for the first time in Novem-ber for the East Asia and ASEAN sum-mits in the Philippines, and the local leadership are going to be meeting in Vietnam. Today, ASEAN is a force for peace and prosperity in the world, and the re-lationship the U.S. has with ASEAN has benefited both sides diplomati-cally, economically, and in global secu-rity. ASEAN is the fourth largest goods export market for the United States, and we are ASEAN’s fourth largest trading partner. As the second fastest- growing economy in Asia, with a com-bined economy of $2.5 trillion, the im-portance of the ASEAN market for the United States is considerable. Mr. Speaker, we are working with ASEAN to address security challenges and threats, especially in the fight against terrorism, with the recognition now of the emergence of ISIS fighting forces in the region. Last month, Sec-retary of State Tillerson voiced sup-port for increased cooperation on bor-der security, information sharing to track individuals, and routing out and finding the source of terror financing networks, finding their safe havens. With so many challenges in the re-gion today, as we look at the demo-cratic backsliding in Cambodia, the plight of the Rohingya in Burma, it is more important than ever that we en-gage Southeast Asian nations in the ASEAN grouping to solve regional problems. We must also cooperate with ASEAN on the threat of North Korea and have better coordination on maritime ac-tivities with regard to security, envi-ronmental impact, and border and fish-ing regulations. For all of these reasons today, the House of Representatives reaffirms the importance of the U.S.-ASEAN part-nership and recommits to continuing engagement and cooperation. Passage of this resolution dem-onstrates our support for ASEAN as an institution and the United States’ stra-tegic relationship with Southeast Asian nations. I urge my colleagues to join us in supporting this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1530 Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self as much time as I may consume, and I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, let me start by thank-ing the authors of this resolution, two valued members of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. C
ASTRO from Texas and Mrs. W
AGNER from Missouri. In addition to bringing this legisla-tion forward, these two lawmakers es-tablished the first ever Congressional ASEAN Caucus. I am grateful for their leadership helping to advance Amer-ican interests in the Asia Pacific. Part of ensuring America’s strong role in that region is our work with ASEAN, the Association of South East Asian Nations. This organization has worked to promote stability, pros-perity, and peace among the countries of Southeast Asia. It is in our own stra-tegic interest to see stronger countries, closer partnership, healthier econo-mies, so our own success in Asia is closely tied to the success of ASEAN and its members. This resolution underscores the ac-complishments of ASEAN as it marks its 50th anniversary. It sends a signal to our partners and friends in South-east Asia that the United States is committed to peace and prosperity in the region, and it puts Congress on record saying that, in this challenging time, the United States must remain engaged around the world, particularly in the Asia Pacific. The administration’s budget pro-posed a 46 percent cut to assistance in East Asia and the Pacific. I think this would be a grave mistake. What kind of impact would that have on American- backed initiatives that are having a positive impact? What message does it send to the countries that we depend on as partners? Rather than drawing back, America should be even more engaged in the Asia Pacific. This measure reaffirms our commitment to America’s leader-ship in the region. I want to end by thanking the au-thors, and I want to compliment Chair-man R
OYCE , who knows more about this region of the world than virtually anybody in Congress, and has been to that part of the world—I have gone with him many times—and the United States Congress has shown the ability to work with countries for the better-ment of their people, for the better-ment of our relationship with them. Mr. Speaker, this measure reaffirms our commitment to America’s leader-ship in the region. I thank the authors, I thank Chairman ROYCE , and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 4 minutes to the gentle-woman from Missouri (Mrs. W
AGNER ), an esteemed member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the primary co-sponsor of this resolution. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership and support. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 311, the resolution I was hon-ored to introduce with my colleague Representative C
ASTRO , to commemo-rate the Association of South East Asian Nations’ 50th anniversary, and the 40th anniversary of U.S.-ASEAN re-lations. We intend for this resolution to raise awareness within and outside of Con-gress about Southeast Asia’s critical role in the global order. Southeast Asia has tremendous cultural, political, his-torical, and religious diversity. The Association of South East Asian Nations, known as ASEAN, was formed in 1967, in part, to create a bulwark against communism in the region among the five founding nations. Today, ASEAN’s goals have evolved, and the region is experiencing tremen-dous growth. ASEAN now includes 10 major countries in Southeast Asia, which together have established a major regional economic integration agenda. ASEAN is our fourth largest goods exports market. $102 billion of U.S. goods and services are exported to ASEAN, meaning this market rivals our $113 billion market in China. According to the ASEAN Matters for America report, 20 U.S. States send over $1 billion in goods exports to ASEAN annually, and over half of the U.S. congressional districts export over $100 million to ASEAN each year. These numbers are astounding, and they will only grow, Mr. Speaker. In January, I cofounded the bipar-tisan Congressional Caucus on ASEAN, along with my partner Representative C
ASTRO . The caucus acknowledges America’s strategic partnership with ASEAN and attests that America must be the foremost trade and defense part-ner for ASEAN countries. H. Res. 311 was one of the caucus’ first initiatives. The resolution encour-ages the enhancement of economic and defense cooperation with ASEAN. It re-affirms the U.S. commitment to con-tinue joint efforts with ASEAN to halt human smuggling and human traf-ficking and urges ASEAN to improve assistance to refugees and migrants. Standing alongside our ASEAN peers is important this fall, given the rise of Chinese aggression in the South China Sea; the ethnic cleansing of Rohingya Muslims in Burma; the need to seri-ously engage ASEAN leaders on our North Korean efforts; the typhoon and flooding affecting the region; the enor-mous investment opportunities; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.015 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7446 September 25, 2017 
the upcoming ASEAN summit that the President will attend in November. I am grateful that the Speaker and the chairman, Chairman R
OYCE , sup-port our efforts to engage ASEAN, and I look forward to watching H. Res. 311 pass the U.S. House of Representatives. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. C
ASTRO ), who is the author of this legislation. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member E
NGEL for yielding me this time and also thank Chairman R
OYCE for all of his work in this region of the world. Representative W
AGNER and I co-founded the Congressional Caucus on ASEAN, the Association of South East Asian Nations, earlier this year to deepen the United States’ and Con-gress’ engagement with Southeast Asia. H. Res. 311, the resolution we are con-sidering here today, commemorates the 50th anniversary of the founding of ASEAN. It also marks 40 years of rela-tions between the United States and ASEAN. This measure highlights the work ASEAN has done towards improving stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia. It also speaks to the importance of continued security co-operation, economic partnership, and cultural engagement between the United States and ASEAN. ASEAN serves as an example of suc-cessful regional cooperation. The na-tions of Southeast Asia, despite dis-tinct histories, cultures, and religions, have placed their faith in cooperation rather than conflict. U.S. security interests in Southeast Asia are wide-ranging and supported by many regional partners. Members of ASEAN have worked closely with the United States to address our mutual concerns. The member states of ASEAN also hold significant economic promise, and our economic relationship underpins much of U.S. engagement in the region. My home State of Texas, for exam-ple, exports over $13 billion worth of goods to ASEAN countries every year. These exports support over 70,000 Texas jobs and over 500,000 jobs across the United States. The U.S.-ASEAN relationship is also built on history and cultural exchange. Millions of Americans can trace their family roots to countries of ASEAN, including 400,000 Texans. Language, lit-erature, food, and music link our cul-tures across the ocean, set roots, and enrich both our societies. Mr. Speaker, for these reasons and many more, it is important that we recognize and commemorate the im-pact of ASEAN across the years. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. Y
OHO), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I also want to echo Chairman R
OYCE ’s support of H. Res. 311, and I want to thank the ranking member, Mr. ENGEL ; my col-leagues, Mr. C
ASTRO and Mrs. W AGNER , for bringing this resolution up, recog-nizing the 50th anniversary of the As-sociation of South East Asian Nations and the 40th anniversary of U.S.- ASEAN ties. As chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, the block of 10 ASEAN members, we had a meeting earlier in the year. They said the primary reason ASEAN is suc-cessful is because of U.S. involvement. I think that speaks highly of U.S. for-eign policy. The 10 members of ASEAN are some of the most dynamic nations in the world, and Southeast Asia’s economic and strategic importance grows every day. As the chairman noted, ASEAN is our fourth largest trading partner and is the second fastest growing in Asia. With a combined population of over 600 million people and an economy of $2.5 trillion, the opportunity for U.S. indus-try is immense. As a security partner, ASEAN also is invaluable, recognizing that for the 50 years the Association of South East Asian Nations, ASEAN, has worked towards stability, prosperity, and peace in Southeast Asia. The grouping is strategically located astride some of the world’s most crit-ical sea lanes and shares the U.S. pur-suit of regional stability through rules, order, and peaceful dispute settle-ments. This resolution rightly highlights en-during U.S. interests in Southeast Asia and conveys our commitment to stay engaged. Mr. Speaker, I again thank Rep-resentatives Wagner and Castro for in-troducing this measure. As the found-ing members of the ASEAN Caucus, their work on this bill underscores the centrality of ASEAN to Congress’ for-eign policy for Asia. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. The Asia Pacific presents the perfect case of what might happen if the United States withdraws from the world. In recent years, our focus there, especially working with ASEAN and its members, has really helped to promote growth and stability in that region of the world, to enhance human rights, and the rule of law. It is important for us to stay en-gaged. If we draw back, it is pretty clear that China would be happy to fill the void, and I guarantee the values we consider critical to foreign policy, de-mocracy, justice, and equality would not be part of the agenda in Beijing. We need to stay engaged in Asia and around the world. We need to dem-onstrate that American leadership is a sure thing. The resolution before us today will provide much needed reassurance to our partners and friends in Southeast Asia. Even Vietnam works with us. I remember, and others here remember, when we had the Vietnam war. Now we have so many Vietnam Americans in our country, and they help to really be good citizens and really help to show why it is important for us to keep en-gaged in that part of the world. We will underscore the important role ASEAN stands to play, just as it has in the last 50 years. Again, it is im-portant to reassure our partners and friends in Southeast Asia—I mentioned Vietnam, but all the other countries that belong to ASEAN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support this measure. I thank Chairman R
OYCE , I urge all Members to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself the balance of my time. The first point I would make is I think our ranking member, Mr. E
LIOT E
NGEL , makes a very strong point about the importance of engagement. I think, as a second point, U.S.- ASEAN engagement has trended up in recent years. I think it remains strong. I think it has a bright outlook. In 2015, the U.S.-ASEAN relationship was ele-vated to a strategic partnership, an im-portant step by the U.S. 2016 marked two important firsts: the first U.S.-ASEAN summit at Sunnylands, and the first ever visit of a sitting U.S. President to Laos. As an important economic and security part-ner, ASEAN shares the U.S. pursuit of regional stability through rules, through order, through the peaceful dispute settlement process, as our ranking member pointed out. This res-olution signals our resolve to maintain and deepen our collaboration with our friends and allies in Southeast Asia. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our col-leagues here to join us in support of this resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 311, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
b1545 WOMEN, PEACE, AND SECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1141) to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.016 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7447 September 25, 2017 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1141 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Around the world, women remain under-represented in conflict prevention, conflict resolution, and post-conflict peace building efforts. (2) Women in conflict-affected regions have achieved significant success in— (A) moderating violent extremism; (B) countering terrorism; (C) resolving disputes through nonviolent mediation and negotiation; and (D) stabilizing societies by enhancing the effectiveness of security services, peace-keeping efforts, institutions, and decision-making processes. (3) Research suggests that peace negotia-tions are more likely to succeed and to re-sult in durable peace agreements when women participate in the peace process. 
SEC. 3. SENSE OF CONGRESS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the meaningful participation of women in conflict prevention and conflict resolution processes helps to promote more inclusive and democratic societies and is critical to the long-term stability of countries and re-gions; (2) the political participation, and leader-ship of women in fragile environments, par-ticularly during democratic transitions, is critical to sustaining lasting democratic in-stitutions; and (3) the United States should be a global leader in promoting the meaningful partici-pation of women in conflict prevention, man-agement, and resolution, and post-conflict relief and recovery efforts. 
SEC. 4. STATEMENT OF POLICY. 
It shall be the policy of the United States to promote the meaningful participation of women in all aspects of overseas conflict pre-vention, management, and resolution, and post-conflict relief and recovery efforts, rein-forced through diplomatic efforts and pro-grams that— (1) integrate the perspectives and interests of affected women into conflict-prevention activities and strategies; (2) encourage partner governments to adopt plans to improve the meaningful par-ticipation of women in peace and security processes and decision-making institutions; (3) promote the physical safety, economic security, and dignity of women and girls; (4) support the equal access of women to aid distribution mechanisms and services; (5) collect and analyze gender data for the purpose of developing and enhancing early warning systems of conflict and violence; (6) adjust policies and programs to improve outcomes in gender equality and the em-powerment of women; and (7) monitor, analyze, and evaluate the ef-forts related to each strategy submitted under section 5 and the impact of such ef-forts. 
SEC. 5. UNITED STATES STRATEGY TO PROMOTE THE PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN IN CONFLICT PREVENTION AND PEACE BUILDING. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and again four years thereafter, the Presi-dent, in consultation with the heads of the relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees and make publicly avail-able a single government-wide strategy, to be known as the Women, Peace, and Security Strategy, that provides a detailed descrip-tion of how the United States intends to ful-fill the policy objectives in section 4. The strategy shall— (1) support and be aligned with plans devel-oped by other countries to improve the meaningful participation of women in peace and security processes, conflict prevention, peace building, transitional processes, and decisionmaking institutions; and (2) include specific and measurable goals, benchmarks, performance metrics, time-tables, and monitoring and evaluation plans to ensure the accountability and effective-ness of all policies and initiatives carried out under the strategy. (b) SPECIFIC PLANS FOR DEPARTMENTS AND  A
GENCIES .—Each strategy under subsection (a) shall include a specific implementation plan from each of the relevant Federal de-partments and agencies that describes— (1) the anticipated contributions of the de-partment or agency, including technical, fi-nancial, and in-kind contributions, to imple-ment the strategy; and (2) the efforts of the department or agency to ensure that the policies and initiatives carried out pursuant to the strategy are de-signed to achieve maximum impact and long-term sustainability. (c) C
OORDINATION .—The President should promote the meaningful participation of women in conflict prevention, in coordina-tion and consultation with international partners, including, as appropriate, multilat-eral organizations, stakeholders, and other relevant international organizations, par-ticularly in situations in which the direct engagement of the United States Govern-ment is not appropriate or advisable. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the President, in imple-menting each strategy submitted under sub-section (a), should— (1) provide technical assistance, training, and logistical support to female negotiators, mediators, peace builders, and stakeholders; (2) address security-related barriers to the meaningful participation of women; (3) encourage increased participation of women in existing programs funded by the United States Government that provide training to foreign nationals regarding law enforcement, the rule of law, or professional military education; (4) support appropriate local organizations, especially women’s peace building organiza-tions; (5) support the training, education, and mobilization of men and boys as partners in support of the meaningful participation of women; (6) encourage the development of transi-tional justice and accountability mecha-nisms that are inclusive of the experiences and perspectives of women and girls; (7) expand and apply gender analysis, as appropriate, to improve program design and targeting; and (8) conduct assessments that include the perspectives of women regarding new initia-tives in support of peace negotiations, tran-sitional justice and accountability, efforts to counter violent extremism, or security sec-tor reform. 
SEC. 6. TRAINING REQUIREMENTS REGARDING THE PARTICIPATION OF WOMEN IN CONFLICT PREVENTION AND PEACE BUILDING. 
(a) F OREIGN SERVICE .—The Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, shall ensure that all appropriate personnel (including special en-voys, members of mediation or negotiation teams, relevant members of the civil service or Foreign Service, and contractors) respon-sible for or deploying to countries or regions considered to be at risk of, undergoing, or emerging from violent conflict obtain train-ing, as appropriate, in the following areas, each of which shall include a focus on women and ensuring meaningful participation by women: (1) Conflict prevention, mitigation, and resolution. (2) Protecting civilians from violence, ex-ploitation, and trafficking in persons. (3) International human rights law and international humanitarian law. (b) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure that relevant personnel receive training, as appropriate, in the following areas: (1) Training in conflict prevention, peace processes, mitigation, resolution, and secu-rity initiatives that specifically addresses the importance of meaningful participation by women. (2) Gender considerations and meaningful participation by women, including training regarding— (A) international human rights law and international humanitarian law, as relevant; and (B) protecting civilians from violence, ex-ploitation, and trafficking in persons. (3) Effective strategies and best practices for ensuring meaningful participation by women. 
SEC. 7. CONSULTATION AND COLLABORATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development may establish guidelines or take other steps to ensure overseas United States personnel of the Department of State or the United States Agency for International Develop-ment, as the case may be, consult with ap-propriate stakeholders, including local women, youth, ethnic, and religious minori-ties, and other politically under-represented or marginalized populations, regarding United States efforts to— (1) prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict; and (2) enhance the success of mediation and negotiation processes by ensuring the mean-ingful participation of women. (b) C
OLLABORATION AND COORDINATION .— The Secretary of State should work with international, regional, national, and local organizations to increase the meaningful participation of women in international peacekeeping operations, and should pro-mote training that provides international peacekeeping personnel with the substantive knowledge and skills needed to ensure effec-tive physical security and meaningful par-ticipation of women in conflict prevention and peace building. 
SEC. 8. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the first submission of a strategy required under section 5, the Secretary of State, in conjunction with the Adminis-trator of the United States Agency for Inter-national Development and the Secretary of Defense, shall brief the appropriate congres-sional committees on existing, enhanced, or newly established training carried out pursu-ant to section 6. (b) R
EPORT ON WOMEN , PEACE , AND SECU-
RITY STRATEGY .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the submission of each strategy required under section 5, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— (1) summarizes and evaluates the imple-mentation of such strategy and the impact of United States diplomatic efforts and for-eign assistance programs, projects, and ac-tivities to promote the meaningful participa-tion of women; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.019 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7448 September 25, 2017 
(2) describes the nature and extent of the coordination among the relevant Federal de-partments and agencies on the implementa-tion of such strategy; (3) outlines the monitoring and evaluation tools, mechanisms, and common indicators to assess progress made on the policy objec-tives set forth in section 4; and (4) describes the existing, enhanced, or newly established training carried out pursu-ant to section 6. 
SEC. 9. DEFINITIONS. 
In this Act: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the of the House of Representatives. (2) R
ELEVANT FEDERAL DEPARTMENTS AND  
AGENCIES .—The term ‘‘relevant Federal de-partments and agencies’’ means— (A) the United States Agency for Inter-national Development; (B) the Department of State; (C) the Department of Defense; (D) the Department of Homeland Security; and (E) any other department or agency speci-fied by the President for purposes of this Act. (3) S
TAKEHOLDERS .—The term ‘‘stake-holders’’ means non-governmental and pri-vate sector entities engaged in or affected by conflict prevention and stabilization, peace building, protection, security, transition ini-tiatives, humanitarian response, or related efforts. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) and the gen-tleman from New York (Mr. E
NGEL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material in the R
ECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 1141. Now, this is the Women, Peace, and Security Act. This is the Senate companion to the bill H.R. 2484 that the House passed earlier this session. That bill was authored by Representa-tives K
RISTI NOEM and J ANSCHA-
KOWSKY , and I want to thank them; and I, of course, want to thank, also, Rank-ing Member E
NGEL . I want to thank them collectively for their leadership on this important issue. I also want to thank Senators C
ORKER , CARDIN , SHAHEEN , and C APITO  for working so well with us in the Sen-ate. I want to thank our assistant staff director, Jessica Kelch. I want to thank her for her essential work on this important legislation. I am happy to say that, with House passage today, this legislation will go to the President’s desk. As I noted when this bill passed the House in June, this moment is really a culmination of years of bipartisan work by Members of Congress, includ-ing JANSCHAKOWSKY and K RISTI NOEM. It is also the work of prior and current administration officials and the many advocates who want to see better, more sustainable solutions to ending wars, to combating terrorism, and to improv-ing human rights around the world. What we are saying today is that wom-en’s participation is essential to con-fronting these fundamental challenges. Last Congress, the Foreign Affairs Committee held a hearing, part of its series of women in foreign affairs, where we heard powerful testimony about the importance of including women in the peace processes around the world. It is an obvious point that many are aware of that, without the participa-tion of women, peace would not have come to Northern Ireland in those dis-cussions nor would the peace have held. So now it may seem obvious that women should have an opportunity to represent their communities as a mat-ter of right; they make up half the pop-ulation. And what negotiation or agreement can claim to represent women if their very participation is barred? But our hearing also emphasized why women’s participation in the peace processes is important if we care about the likelihood of the success of that process. Simply put, when women are at the negotiation table, peace is more likely. Compelling research shows that peace agreements are likely to be reached and are likely to last when women’s groups are meaningfully in-volved. Women peacemakers often press warring parties to move beyond mere power-sharing agreements, which benefit only a small percentage of fighters, to more comprehensive and longer term accords, which benefit the civilian population as a whole, which benefits the next generation of that country. We have seen this play out. We saw it play out, as I said, in Northern Ireland. We saw it play out in Colombia; we saw it in Rwanda; we saw it in Sri Lanka, where women’s groups have pushed for practical solutions to deescalate and resolve the conflict. In fact, later today, I will be speak-ing with Liberia’s President, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, whom I am proud to call a friend of many, many years. Of course, President Sirleaf and the women of Liberia represent what can be accomplished when women become involved in ending conflict. After many failed attempts by politi-cians, combatants, and the inter-national community, it was the women of Liberia who forged an end to one of West Africa’s longest running and most brutal conflicts. We must learn from history. Efforts to ‘‘keep the peace’’ through policing and peacekeeping missions also benefit from women’s participa-tion, which leads to better crime re-porting and higher levels of trust with-in the communities they serve. And women are essential to con-fronting one of the greatest national security threats of our time: the spread of violent extremism around the world. When we look at who confronts jihadists and who teaches their chil-dren—if they have access to education, they can teach their children—women are truly on the front lines of this fight. They often possess unique in-sights into their families and commu-nities and are capable of gathering in-formation that men cannot, yet their input is frequently overlooked. We must acknowledge women as partners in this fight, and that is why the legislation before us today recog-nizes that it is in our national interest to promote women’s participation in resolving violence and conflict. This concept has been building sup-port for some time: the Bush adminis-tration pressed hard for women’s par-ticipation in peace negotiations and the political process in Iraq, in Afghan-istan, and elsewhere; the Obama ad-ministration expanded on these pro-grams to require a governmentwide ap-proach to women’s inclusion in conflict resolution overseas; and the current administration has said that the State Department’s Office of Global Women’s Issues will continue to focus on these issues. I am eager to see an Ambas-sador nominated to lead that office. The bipartisan legislation before us today builds on these efforts. It will continue to require a governmentwide strategy to promote women’s partici-pation, along with specific goals and benchmarks and reporting to Congress in order to gauge progress. And it also requires that appropriate State, USAID, and Defense Department per-sonnel receive training in how to facili-tate women’s participation in conflict resolution, security initiatives, and ef-forts to protect civilians from violence and from exploitation. I urge all Members to support pas-sage today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I rise in strong support of this meas-ure, and I am glad we are taking up this bill from our colleagues in the other body, Senators S
HAHEEN and C AP-
ITO, and I want to thank our colleagues who have worked so hard on the House version of this bill, Representatives J
ANSCHAKOWSKY and Representative N
OEM. J
ANSCHAKOWSKY has brought for-ward a version of this bill for the last few Congresses. The House passed a version of this bill last year, and I am glad we are finally moving a version of it forward. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.005 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7449 September 25, 2017 
One of the hallmarks of the Obama administration foreign policy was the National Action Plan on Women, Peace, and Security. It was based on a wealth of research that showed very clearly, as the chairman said, getting women involved in conflict prevention and resolution leads to more successful outcomes. Since the launch of this plan, the United States has promoted efforts to enhance the physical and economic se-curity of women around the world. We have sought to break through the bar-riers that have stopped women from being full participants in peace proc-esses. This bill would make these policies permanent. It would build on the Obama administration’s achievements, making sure State Department, USAID, and Pentagon personnel fully understand just how important it is to get women involved in conflict preven-tion and resolution. It would also re-quire annual reporting so Congress can stay apprised of these efforts. Now, we have been working a few years to get this legislation across the finish line, and, frankly, I don’t think we can wait another moment. The ad-ministration’s budget proposal would slash funding for diplomacy and devel-opment to dangerous levels, and a cur-rent redesign effort at the State De-partment might strip out initiatives like Women, Peace, and Security. I hope that won’t happen. I got assur-ances today that that won’t happen. I hope that is right, but we have to still fight for this. Congress has a role to play in foreign policy and, by passing this bill, it will be clear that we support efforts to ex-pand opportunity and participation for women around the world. I am pleased to support this measure. As always, Chairman R
OYCE has been a bulwark of helping to push this through. I thank the Members who have worked so hard on it. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illi-nois (Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY ), a leader on this legislation. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Ranking Member E
NGEL  for yielding to me, and I rise in strong support of the Women, Peace, and Se-curity Act. I first want to thank my Republican colead on this bill, K
RISTI NOEM, for her hard work; and I want to express my gratitude to Chairman R
OYCE and Ranking Member E
NGEL for their ro-bust support for this legislation. I want to thank Senator S
HAHEEN  and Senator C
APITO for their work in the Senate on this, as well as Senators C
ORKER and C ARDIN . I want to thank the staff who has put in a lot of hours on this, last session and this session, including my staff, Cassandra Varanka. Around the world, women are dis-proportionately affected by conflict and violence. At the same time, women are acting as some of the most effec-tive advocates for peace. Again and again, women have proven their ability to advance peacemaking efforts where others have failed. Look at Syria. In the town of Zabadani, women have been leading ef-forts to save their city from violence. Over 470 women signed a public peti-tion, calling for a cease-fire. Their town had been under siege, experi-encing daily shelling and barrel bomb-ings. As the formal negotiations be-tween the rebel-controlled local coun-cil and the Assad government con-stantly broke down, the war prevented the town from planting crops. A group of women peace activists came together to found a group called Damma, and they facilitated negotia-tions between the local council, the Free Syrian Army, and the Islamic bri-gades. Where the traditional actors had failed, these women moved through five rounds of negotiations, ultimately achieving a cease-fire. Now, the cease- fire only lasted 40 days, but those 40 days gave the town critical time to plant crops and address its food short-age. The power of women to advance peace and aid in postconflict reconcili-ation is not limited to Syria. Women in Liberia played a crucial role in bring-ing warring parties to the negotiating table, as the chairman said. When the Government of the Phil-ippines and the Moro Islamic Libera-tion Front signed a major peace agree-ment in 2004, women made up 50 per-cent of the government’s negotiating team and 25 percent of the signatories. In Ireland, women helped ensure that the Good Friday Agreement included social issues, reconciliation measures, and compensation for victims of vio-lence. Women around the world are actively working to advance peace talks and en-sure successful transformation from conflict to peace. Passing the Women, Peace, and Security Act will ensure that the United States actively sup-ports these incredible women as we work toward ending conflict around the world. When women are involved in the ne-gotiations, peace is more likely to last. In fact, the International Peace Insti-tute found that, with each 5 percent in-crease in women’s participation in the political process, a nation is five times less likely to use violence when faced with international crisis or conflict. Despite the strong evidence in favor of women’s political participation, women remain underrepresented in conflict prevention, conflict resolution, and postconflict peace building efforts around the world. We need to change that. This legislation establishes women’s participation as a critical element of U.S. foreign policy. It would encourage the United States to assist women me-diators and negotiators by addressing barriers to their equal and secure par-ticipation in peace processes. b1600 It would institute comprehensive training modules on the protection, rights, and specific needs of women in conflict, and require the administra-tion to evaluate the impact of U.S. for-eign assistance on women’s meaningful participation. In addition, the Women, Peace, and Security Act would require the admin-istration to report to Congress its strategy to promote women’s partici-pation in conflict prevention and reso-lution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COL-
LINS of New York). The time of the gen-tlewoman has expired. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentle-woman from Illinois. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. It would em-power Congress to exercise oversight of that strategy’s implementation. As countries around the world are struggling with conflict, the United States should be empowering anyone and everyone who can help achieve lasting peace. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the Women, Peace, and Security Act. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I will close now since there are no further speakers on either side. I want to start again by thanking Chairman E
DROYCE for all of his work and for all of his collaboration working together with us; as well as Represent-atives S
CHAKOWSKY and N OEM, who worked very closely together, for their really hard work and really good work. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons I al-ways support a strong investment in development and diplomacy is that we get such a good bang for our buck. Di-plomacy and development efforts help to build stability. They defuse crises, they prevent conflicts, they help lay the groundwork for a more secure and more prosperous world. History and research have shown us that when women are involved in these processes, they work even better. So it is smart policy. It is not a matter of being condescending. It is a matter of smart policy. Think about the alternatives, about when we don’t have diplomacy to help spread peace. Conflicts grow into wars—sometimes wars that American men and women will be required to fight. Populations are driven from their homes, triggering humanitarian crises. And the cost of dealing with these problems down the road is far higher than the cost of investing in di-plomacy and development right now. So this legislation is a piece of that puzzle. It isn’t the whole thing, but it is an important piece. It is an impor-tant part of making sure American di-plomacy can succeed, and I am glad to support it. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I thank Chairman R
OYCE for his hard 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.021 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7450 September 25, 2017 
work, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, whether we are talking about Liberia, or Northern Ireland, or anywhere else where this world is in conflict, we have watched women play pivotal roles in advocating before gov-ernments, or before combatants, or in front of politicians, to bring an end to conflict. In recent years, we have seen armed conflicts flare around the world, pro-ducing the largest number of refugees that we have ever seen on record. Ef-forts to negotiate an end to these con-flicts are more important than they have ever been. We know that when women are included in these discus-sions, we are more likely to see an en-during peace as a result. As a witness at our hearing on wom-en’s participation explained to us, in-cluding women is not only the right thing to do, it is the smart thing to do. The legislation before us today will strengthen U.S. efforts to promote the inclusion of women in peace negotia-tions in order to create more sustain-able agreements and more stable part-ners for the United States and for our allies. Again, I want to thank Representa-tives N
OEM and S CHAKOWSKY and the bill’s Senate sponsors for their bipar-tisan work on this measure; and, as al-ways, Ranking Member E
NGEL , for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1141. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
NAISMITH MEMORIAL BASKET-BALL HALL OF FAME COMMEMO-RATIVE COIN ACT Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1235) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recogni-tion of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 1235 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Com-memorative Coin Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) On December 21, 1891, a young physical education instructor named James Naismith, introduced the game of ‘‘basket ball’’ to his physical education class, in Springfield, Mas-sachusetts. (2) In 1959, the Naismith Memorial Basket-ball Hall of Fame was founded and dedicated to the game’s creator Dr. James Naismith, in Springfield, MA, ‘‘The Birthplace of Basket-ball’’ and became the first and only museum to honor the game at all levels around the world. (3) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame honors players who have achieved greatness, exemplary coaches, referees and other major contributors to the sport of bas-ketball. The Inaugural Hall of Fame Class of 1959 had seventeen honorees who were in-ducted, including Dr. James Naismith, George Mikan, Forrest C. Allen, Angelo Luisetti, Original Celtics and First Team. (4) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame is recognized throughout the world as the premier institution entrusted with re-cording and disseminating the history of the game of basketball and recognizing and hon-oring the achievements of its greatest play-ers, coaches, and contributors. (5) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame provides an entertaining, enriching experience and is known for its educational outreach programs and celebrates and pro-motes positive core values demonstrated by basketball’s hallowed heroes and its founder. (6) Basketball is one of America’s national treasures; with its fast pace which reflects the freedom of expression and the modern ex-perience of life in the 21st century. (7) Since its opening in 1959, the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame is home to the largest collection of basketball memo-rabilia in the world, including more than 30,000 three-dimensional objects, 800,000 pho-tographs, and 1.5 million documents. (8) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame welcomes more than 6,000,000 visi-tors interested in discovering the rich his-tory of the game through its stories, its per-sonalities, and its most celebrated moments. (9) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame reaches over seven million Ameri-cans through its educational programs, events, exhibits, social media, and its inter-active website. (10) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame’s customized educational pro-grams use basketball to teach young stu-dents around the world the important les-sons on a variety of topics including: finan-cial literacy, mathematics, civil rights, lead-ership of character, women’s and men’s his-tory, and geography. (11) The Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame will lead the celebration of the 60th Anniversary of Basketball and will part-ner with a select group of constituents in-cluding the National Basketball Association, the National Collegiate Athletic Associa-tion, and USA Basketball in commemorating the game throughout the 2019–2020 basketball season. SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS. 
(a) D ENOMINATIONS .—In recognition and celebration of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame, the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall mint and issue the following coins: (1) $5 
GOLD COINS .—Not more than 50,000 $5 coins, which shall— (A) weigh 8.359 grams; (B) be struck on a planchet having a di-ameter of 0.850 inches; and (C) contain 90 percent gold and 10 percent alloy. (2) $1 
SILVER COINS .—Not more than 400,000 $1 coins, which shall— (A) weigh 26.73 grams; (B) be struck on a planchet having a di-ameter of 1.500 inches; and (C) contain not less than 90 percent silver. (3) HALF-DOLLAR CLAD COINS .—Not more than 750,000 half-dollar coins which shall— (A) weigh 11.34 grams; (B) be struck on a planchet having a di-ameter of 1.205 inches; and (C) be minted to the specifications for half- dollar coins contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code. (b) L
EGAL TENDER .—The coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender, as pro-vided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. (c) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. (d) D
OME SHAPE .—The coins minted under this Act shall be in the shape of a dome. 
SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The design for the coins minted under this Act shall be— (1) selected by the Secretary after con-sultation with the Commission of Fine Arts; and (2) reviewed by the Citizens Coinage Advi-sory Committee. (b) D
ESIGNATIONS AND INSCRIPTIONS .—On each coin minted under this Act there shall be— (1) a designation of the value of the coin; (2) an inscription of the year ‘‘2020’’; and (3) inscriptions of the words ‘‘Liberty’’, ‘‘In God We Trust’’, ‘‘United States of America’’, and ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’. (c) S
ELECTION AND APPROVAL PROCESS FOR  O
BVERSE DESIGN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall hold a competition to determine the design of the common obverse of the coins minted under this Act, with such design being emblematic of the game of basketball. (2) S
ELECTION AND APPROVAL .—Proposals for the design of coins minted under this Act may be submitted in accordance with the de-sign selection and approval process devel-oped by the Secretary in the sole discretion of the Secretary. (3) P
ROPOSALS .—As part of the competition described in this subsection, the Secretary may accept proposals from artists, engravers and other employees of the United States Mint, other Government employees, and members of the general public. (4) C
OMPENSATION .—The Secretary shall de-termine compensation for the winning design under this subsection, which shall be not less than $5,000. The Secretary shall take into ac-count this compensation amount when deter-mining the sale price described in section 6(a). (d) R
EVERSE DESIGN .—The design on the common reverse of the coins minted under this Act shall depict a basketball. 
SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS. 
(a) Q UALITY OF COINS.—Coins minted under this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. (b) P
ERIOD FOR ISSUANCE .—The Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2020. 
SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS. 
(a) S ALE PRICE.—The coins issued under this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price equal to the sum of— (1) the face value of the coins; (2) the surcharge provided in section 7(a) with respect to such coins; and (3) the cost of designing and issuing the coins (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, winning design compensation, overhead expenses, marketing, and ship-ping). (b) B
ULK SALES .—The Secretary shall make bulk sales of the coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:08 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.022 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7451 September 25, 2017 
(c) P REPAID ORDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ac-cept prepaid orders for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of such coins. (2) D
ISCOUNT .—Sale prices with respect to prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. 
SEC. 7. SURCHARGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All sales of coins minted under this Act shall include a surcharge as follows: (1) A surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 coin. (2) A surcharge of $10 per coin for the $1 coin. (3) A surcharge of $5 per coin for the half- dollar coin. (b) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Subject to section 5134(f) of title 31, United States Code, all sur-charges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame to fund an endowment that will enable in-creased operations and educational program-ming of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. (c) A
UDITS .—The Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame shall be subject to the audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of title 31, United States Code, with regard to the amounts received under subsection (b). (d) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), no surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result in the number of com-memorative coin programs issued during such year to exceed the annual commemora-tive coin program issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act). The Secretary of the Treasury may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1235, the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemora-tive Coin Act. Basketball was invented in Spring-field, Massachusetts, by Dr. James Naismith in 1891. I have the privilege of representing the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky, home of the University of Kentucky Wildcats. We affectionately know the University of Kentucky Wild-cats basketball team as the greatest tradition in the history of college bas-ketball; the winningest program in col-lege basketball; eight national cham-pionships; and, of course, the greatest fans in the history of college basket-ball. We call them the Big Blue Nation. While it may be to the surprise of many that a Kansas Jayhawk and not a Kentucky Wildcat invented the game, there is no doubt that this sport has helped many Americans learn the value of teamwork, sacrifice, and hard work. Today, by some estimates, basketball is considered the fastest-growing sport in the world. With current megastars like LeBron James, Steph Curry, Candace Parker, and Brittney Griner, we don’t have to wonder why we are in the Golden Age of basketball again. And while the sport is wildly success-ful today with rising stars like former Kentucky players John Wall, Anthony Davis, Devin Booker, and Karl-An-thony Towns, the future is in good hands. I could talk all day about the upcom-ing NCAA basketball season, but in-stead I want to turn my attention to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Established in 1959, the Basketball Hall of Fame has honored players, coaches, referees, and other basketball icons for their contributions to this great American sport. From Larry Bird, Bob Cousy, Charles Barkley, Bill Russell, Jerry West, Patrick Ewing, Oscar Robertson, Pete Maravich, Bill Walton, Yao Ming, Shaq, TMac, A.I., the Millers, Swoopes, Coach Summitt, Coach Calipari, Magic Johnson, Dr. J., Wilt Chamberlain, Coach Adolph Rupp, Coach John Wooden, to Coach Dean Smith, the Basketball Hall of Fame al-lows fans, young and old, to reminisce or even discover the rich history of the game they love. To the basketball lore of Chamber-lain scoring 100 points in a single game, to the athletic heroics of Michael Jor-dan, to Lisa Leslie’s dunk, to the UConn Ladies’ streak of 111 wins, to Curry and company revolutionizing the game with a constant barrage of 3- pointers, the Basketball Hall of Fame is helping fans relive the greatest mo-ments in basketball history while teaching important life lessons to youngsters through educational pro-grams. To honor 60 years of excellence in 2020 by the Naismith Memorial Basket-ball Hall of Fame, it is with great pleasure that I am on the House floor today encouraging my colleagues to support the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act. This legislation requires the U.S. Mint to produce commemorative coins for fans to collect and enjoy in celebration of this momentous occa-sion, in denominations of $5 gold coins, $1 silver coins, and half-dollar clad coins. Importantly, these coins would be produced at no cost to the taxpayer, and surcharges on the sale of these coins would go to support programs at the Hall of Fame after raising match-ing funds from the private sector. I especially want to thank Congress-man R
ICHARD NEAL from Massachu-setts, home to the Springfield location of the Hall of Fame; and Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY from Cali-fornia, for their hard work on this leg-islation. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation honoring this great American sport. Go Cats, go Big Blue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 1235, the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act. First, Mr. Speaker, I would like to read into the R
ECORD a letter written by president and CEO of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, John L. Doleva, in support of what we are doing here today. He says: 
To celebrate the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2019, the House of Representatives has in-troduced a bill to mint an exclusive com-memorative coin. The bill is sponsored by Congressman Richard E. Neal and Thomas Rooney. Senators Elizabeth Warren and John McCain support the venture by spon-soring the same legislation in the Senate, S. 2598. I am respectfully requesting your sup-port and cosponsorship of the Naismith Me-morial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemo-rative Coin Act. This endeavor and legislation is of deep in-terest to me because of my professional ca-reer—primarily the last 16 years—has been fully embedded in promoting basketball through my passion for the game as presi-dent and CEO of the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame. It has been an honor to help the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame provide a home for the greatness of the game’s past, its exciting present day and brilliant future that continues to touch all parts of the globe. The game’s immortals, through their stories and achievements, are contained here through their legacy as players, coaches, teams, officials, and legendary contributors to the game. More than 6 million visitors have educated themselves through the enjoy-ment of exploring the rich history. My passion for this sport is not solely root-ed in the game itself or its traditions, but, rather, my love for basketball centers on its ability to develop character. One example is the outreach of the Hall of Fame’s MVP’s of Character program, an initiative that has in-volved thousands of youth in the cities across the country, like New York City; Washington, D.C.; and Lawrence, Kansas. The program centers on the belief that ‘‘teaching youth about good character—both on and off the court—helps them understand the impact of it and their lives . . . char-acter traits like honesty, respect, responsi-bility, integrity and cooperation create a foundation for success.’’ Support of Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin bill has no taxpayer cost, is your opportunity to help grow the game of basketball and the edu-cational and outreach programs provided by the Basketball Hall of Fame. 
Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 1235, the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemora-tive Coin Act, a bill to require the Sec-retary of the Treasury to mint and issue a commemorative coin in honor of the 60th anniversary of the Naismith 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.006 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7452 September 25, 2017 
Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, lo-cated in the birthplace of basketball. b1615 Located in the ‘‘birthplace of basket-ball,’’ the Naismith Memorial Basket-ball Hall of Fame is entrusted with re-cording and disseminating the history of this great American pastime and recognizing and honoring the achieve-ments of the sport’s greatest players, coaches, and contributors. With the ability to reach millions of Americans through its educational pro-grams, events, exhibits, and online presence, the Naismith Memorial Bas-ketball Hall of Fame plays an impor-tant role in celebrating and promoting the positive core values demonstrated by basketball’s heroes, who have in-spired Americans from all quarters. Passage of the legislation also pro-vides an opportunity to highlight the creative ways in which the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame has leveraged America’s love of the game and to develop basketball-related edu-cational programs that teach our youth about a wide range of topics, such as financial literacy, math, civil rights, leadership of character, wom-en’s and men’s history, and geography. In addition to raising awareness of its important work and honoring its 60th anniversary, surcharges associated with the sale of the unique basketball- themed coins provided for in the bill will also enable the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame to increase its operations and educational program-ming, all at no cost to taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, basketball is one of the games that unites all Americans across party lines, across racial lines, and across geographic lines. That is who we are. The bipartisan legislation before us already has the support of more than two-thirds of the House, and I hope all Members will join me in sup-porting this bill to honor and support the important work of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, I will read into the R
ECORD a letter from Kareem Abdul- Jabbar to the House of Representa-tives: ‘‘After 20 years as a player in the Na-tional Basketball Association with the Milwaukee Bucks and the Los Angeles Lakers, which included winning six NBA Championships as well as an equal number of Most Valuable Player awards, I had the honor to be inducted in 1995 into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. ‘‘To celebrate the 60th anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, Congressmen R
ICHARD E. N
EAL, ANDY BARR, and M IKEKELLY  have sponsored legislation to authorize the U.S. Mint to issue limited-edition commemorative coins for sale to the public in 2019. Proceeds from the coins’ sale will go to help continue the im-pressive archival and educational ef-forts of the Basketball Hall of Fame for years to come, all at no cost to the tax-payer. ‘‘The Basketball Hall of Fame pre-serves the history of the game and celebrates the very best of the sport at all the levels it is played. The museum in Springfield, Massachusetts, honors women and men players who have achieved greatness, exemplary coaches, referees, and other major contributors to the sport. It attracts 6 million visi-tors a year, who see hundreds of thou-sands of historic artifacts and memora-bilia spanning the past 125 years of bas-ketball. ‘‘As a Hall of Famer, I am very pas-sionate about the work they do to not only preserve and honor, but also grow the game of basketball. It is because of this I am respectfully requesting your support and cosponsorship of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act, H.R. 1235.’’ Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend, the gentleman from Texas and, as I said be-fore, the gentleman from Massachu-setts for their advocacy of this bipar-tisan piece of legislation, again, hon-oring a great American tradition: the great sport of basketball. Whether at the high school level, the collegiate level, or the professional level, it is true—the gentleman from Texas is absolutely right—this great sport unites our country. There is friendly competition—sometimes vig-orous competition—in the rivalries that we see, whether it is Kentucky playing Louisville or North Carolina versus Duke, or if it is the Lakers and the Celtics from the 1980s or the Pis-tons and the Bulls in those great games in the 1990s. There are a lot of people behind this legislation that deserve thanks and ap-preciation. I want to thank, in par-ticular, Jim Host, who is credited for coining the phrase the ‘‘Final Four,’’ and Coach Calipari of the University of Kentucky, who has been a tireless champion of this effort. Without his leadership, I don’t think this would have happened. I want to also thank all of the mem-bers of the Hall of Fame who have come to Washington to talk to us. Jay Bilas came down here in the Ways and Means Committee and talked about the importance of this, and many of the other former players. I have to thank the players because the Hall of Fame recognizes their amazing skills and their talents, and if it weren’t for their advocacy, this wouldn’t have happened as well. Finally and probably most important of all, the Hall of Fame Commemora-tive Coin Act that we are enacting here today is in honor of the fans who make this great sport possible, the American people who have fallen in love with this great American sport. We have to thank the fans for creating such excite-ment. Whether it is the McDonald’s All American Basketball Game at the high school level, or if it is the Final Four in the national title in the NCAA in both men’s and women’s basketball, or if it is Game 7 of the NBA Finals, there is nothing more electric than this sport at crunch time. Again, I urge my colleagues to come together and support the Naismith Me-morial Basketball Hall of Fame. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 1235, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
THE AMERICAN LEGION 100TH AN-NIVERSARY COMMEMORATIVE COIN ACT Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2519) to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anni-versary of The American Legion, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2519 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as ‘‘The American Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
The Congress finds that— (1) on March 15, 1919, The American Legion was founded in Paris, France, by members of the American Expeditionary Force occu-pying Europe after World War I and con-cerned about the welfare of their comrades and communities upon their return to the United States; (2) on September 16, 1919, Congress char-tered The American Legion, which quickly grew to become the largest veterans service organization in the United States; (3) The American Legion conferences in Washington, DC, in 1923 and 1924 crafted the first United States Flag Code, which was adopted in schools, States, cities and coun-ties prior to being enacted in 1942, estab-lishing the proper use, display, and respect for the colors of the United States; (4) during World War II, The American Le-gion developed and presented to Congress its case for vastly improved support for medi-cally discharged, disabled veterans, which ultimately became the Servicemen’s Read-justment Act of 1944 (58 Stat. 284; chapter 268), better known as the G.I. Bill of Rights, and was drafted by former American Legion National Commander Harry W. Colmery in Washington’s Mayflower Hotel; (5) through the leadership and advocacy of The American Legion, the G.I. Bill was en-acted in June 1944, which led to monumental changes in United States society, including the democratization of higher education, home ownership for average people in the United States, better VA hospitals, business 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.025 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7453 September 25, 2017 
and farm loans for veterans, and the ability to appeal conditions of military discharge; (6) defying those who argued the G.I. Bill would break the Treasury, according to var-ious researchers, the G.I. Bill provided a tre-mendous return on investment of $7 to the United States economy for every $1 spent on the program, triggering a half-century of prosperity in the United States; (7) after Hurricane Hugo in 1989, The Amer-ican Legion established the National Emer-gency Fund to provide immediate cash relief for veterans who have been affected by nat-ural disasters; (8) American Legion National Emergency Fund grants after Hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005, for instance, exceeded $1,700,000; (9) The American Legion fought to see the Veterans Administration elevated to Cabi-net-level status as the Department of Vet-erans Affairs, ensuring support for veterans would be set at the highest level of the Fed-eral Government, as a priority issue for the President; (10) after a decades-long struggle to im-prove the adjudication process for veterans disputing claims decisions, The American Legion helped shape and introduce the Vet-erans Reassurance Act to create a venue for judicial review of veterans’ appeals; (11) building on these efforts, legislation was passed in 1988 to create the United States Court of Veterans Appeals, today known as the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims; (12) The American Legion created the American Legacy Scholarship Fund for chil-dren of military members killed on active duty on or after September 11, 2001; (13) in 2016, The American Legion’s Na-tional Executive Committee amended the original scholarship criteria to include chil-dren of veterans with 50 percent or greater VA disability ratings; (14) President George W. Bush signed into law the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational As-sistance Act (title V of the Supplemental Ap-propriations Act, 2008; 122 Stat. 2357), a next- generation G.I. Bill strongly supported by The American Legion and the most com-prehensive educational benefits package since the original G.I. Bill of Rights was en-acted in 1944; (15) in August 2018, The American Legion will begin its centennial recognition at the 100th National Convention in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the site of the first American Le-gion National Convention; and (16) in March 2019, the organization will celebrate its 100th birthday in Paris, France, and September 16, 2019, will mark the 100th anniversary of The American Legion’s Fed-eral charter. 
SEC. 3. COIN SPECIFICATIONS. 
(a) D ENOMINATIONS .—In recognition and celebration of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall mint and issue the following coins: (1) $5 
GOLD COINS .—Not more than 50,000 $5 coins, which shall— (A) weigh 8.359 grams; (B) have a diameter of 0.850 inches; and (C) contain not less than 90 percent gold. (2) $1 
SILVER COINS .—Not more than 400,000 $1 coins, which shall— (A) weigh 26.73 grams; (B) have a diameter of 1.500 inches; and (C) contain not less than 90 percent silver. (3) H
ALF-DOLLAR CLAD COINS .—Not more than 750,000 half-dollar coins which shall— (A) weigh 11.34 grams; (B) have a diameter of 1.205 inches; and (C) be minted to the specifications for half- dollar coins contained in section 5112(b) of title 31, United States Code. (b) LEGAL TENDER .—The coins minted under this Act shall be legal tender, as pro-vided in section 5103 of title 31, United States Code. (c) N
UMISMATIC ITEMS .—For purposes of sections 5134 and 5136 of title 31, United States Code, all coins minted under this Act shall be considered to be numismatic items. 
SEC. 4. DESIGN OF COINS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The design for the coins minted under this Act shall be emblematic of The American Legion. (b) D
ESIGNATIONS AND INSCRIPTIONS .—On each coin minted under this Act there shall be— (1) a designation of the denomination of the coin; (2) an inscription of the year ‘‘2019’’; and (3) inscriptions of the words ‘‘Liberty’’, ‘‘In God We Trust’’, ‘‘United States of America’’, and ‘‘E Pluribus Unum’’. (c) S
ELECTION .—The design for the coins minted under this Act shall be— (1) selected by the Secretary after con-sultation with— (A) the Commission of Fine Arts; and (B) the Adjutant of The American Legion, as defined in the constitution and bylaws of The American Legion; and (2) reviewed by the Citizens Commemora-tive Coin Advisory Committee. 
SEC. 5. ISSUANCE OF COINS. 
(a) Q UALITY OF COINS.—Coins minted under this Act shall be issued in uncirculated and proof qualities. (b) P
ERIOD FOR ISSUANCE .—The Secretary may issue coins minted under this Act only during the 1-year period beginning on Janu-ary 1, 2019. 
SEC. 6. SALE OF COINS. 
(a) S ALE PRICE.—The coins issued under this Act shall be sold by the Secretary at a price based upon the sum of— (1) the face value of the coins; (2) the surcharge provided in section 7(a) with respect to such coins; and (3) the cost of designing and issuing the coins (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping). (b) B
ULK SALES .—The Secretary shall make bulk sales of the coins issued under this Act at a reasonable discount. (c) P
REPAID ORDERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall ac-cept prepaid orders for the coins minted under this Act before the issuance of such coins. (2) D
ISCOUNT .—Sale prices with respect to prepaid orders under paragraph (1) shall be at a reasonable discount. 
SEC. 7. SURCHARGES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All sales of coins minted under this Act shall include a surcharge as follows: (1) A surcharge of $35 per coin for the $5 coin. (2) A surcharge of $10 per coin for the $1 coin described under section 3(a)(2). (3) A surcharge of $5 per coin for the half- dollar coin. (b) D
ISTRIBUTION .—Subject to section 5134(f) of title 31, United States Code, all sur-charges received by the Secretary from the sale of coins issued under this Act shall be promptly paid by the Secretary to The American Legion for costs related to— (1) promoting the importance of and caring for those who have served in uniform, ensur-ing they receive proper health care and dis-ability benefits earned through military service; (2) promoting the importance of, and car-ing for, those who are still serving in the Armed Forces; (3) promoting the importance of maintain-ing the patriotic values, morals, culture, and citizenship of the United States; and (4) promoting the importance of maintain-ing strong families, assistance for at-risk children, and activities that promote their healthy and wholesome development. (c) LIMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-section (a), no surcharge may be included with respect to the issuance under this Act of any coin during a calendar year if, as of the time of such issuance, the issuance of such coin would result in the number of com-memorative coin programs issued during such year to exceed the annual commemora-tive coin program issuance limitation under section 5112(m)(1) of title 31, United States Code (as in effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act). The Secretary of the Treasury may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. (d) A
UDIT.—The recipient described under subsection (b) shall be subject to the audit requirements of section 5134(f)(2) of title 31, United States Code, with regard to the amounts received under subsection (b). 
SEC. 8. FINANCIAL ASSURANCES. 
The Secretary shall take such actions as may be necessary to ensure that— (1) minting and issuing coins under this Act will not result in any net cost to the United States Government; and (2) no funds, including applicable sur-charges, are disbursed to the recipient des-ignated in section 7 until the total cost of designing and issuing all of the coins author-ized by this Act (including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, overhead expenses, marketing, and shipping) is recovered by the United States Treasury, consistent with sec-tions 5112(m) and 5134(f) of title 31, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR) and the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I ask unani-mous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2519, The American Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act, which would require the De-partment of the Treasury to mint and issue commemorative coins in recogni-tion and celebration of the 100th anni-versary of The American Legion. For nearly 100 years, The American Legion, which was formed for veterans and by veterans, through the support of Congress, has helped to provide serv-ices to wartime veterans and the com-munities in which they live across the United States and the globe. On March 27, 1919, Theodore Roo-sevelt sent a telegram to Mr. William Marshall Bullitt of Louisville, Ken-tucky, and many more respected mili-tary wartime veteran leaders across the country which announced: ‘‘A con-ference will be held at St. Louis about May 1 for the purpose of organizing an association composed of those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.007 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7454 September 25, 2017 
have been in the land and naval forces of the United States in this war. A con-vention held in France has already or-ganized forces there in an association called The American Legion and will have its representatives at this conven-tion.’’ Shortly after this first national gath-ering of unified veterans held in St. Louis, Missouri, the United States Con-gress officially chartered The Amer-ican Legion on September 16, 1919. Since this charter, The American Le-gion has grown to be one of the most influential, nonpartisan, nonprofit, and the largest veterans service organiza-tion in the United States, with a stand-ing membership of over 2.4 million vet-erans in 14,000 posts worldwide. The Legion annually raises millions of dollars in donations at the local, State, and national levels to help vet-erans and their families during times of need and to provide college scholar-ships and other opportunities for de-serving students. Even in the Sixth Congressional Dis-trict of Kentucky, which I proudly rep-resent, The American Legion continues to be a strong and aggressive advocate for wartime veteran-centered issues. Just yesterday, I met with many of The American Legion Nicholasville Post veterans right there serving and honoring the Gold Star families at Camp Nelson in Jessamine County, Kentucky. The American Legion Department of Kentucky has established 139 posts, 3 areas, and 11 districts in our Common-wealth of 120 counties. The American Legion continues to strive to achieve what has always been held as a sacred duty to every good American since General George Washington’s vision to promote the importance of providing provisions for the adequate care for war disabled veterans and their fami-lies. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 2519, legislation that calls for the issuance of a commemorative coin in honor of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, a distinguished organization that works tirelessly in communities across the Nation to serve our veterans and those still in the Armed Forces. Since being chartered by Congress following the First World War, The American Legion has played a pivotal role in the lives of so many service-members and their families, always stepping up and lending a hand to those who need it most. For example, The American Legion provides key services, such as healthcare claims as-sistance for veterans and job fairs. They support targeted efforts to meet the needs of homeless veterans. The American Legion also supports military personnel and their families through the provision of financial as-sistance and comfort items for hos-pitalized veterans and, also, dedicated funds to support the needs of youth at risk. Over its history, The American Le-gion has also advocated and played a leading role in securing the passage of key laws that better the lives of our servicemembers, such as the landmark GI Bill, as well as the Veterans’ Reas-surance Act and the Post-911 Veteran Education Assistance Act. In addition to honoring and raising awareness of the important work of The American Legion, the legislation before us will also help raise small sums that will help it carry out its tre-mendous work and advance American values. Specifically, surcharge pro-ceeds raised through the sale of the coin provided in this bill will allow The American Legion to advance the inter-ests of those who have served in uni-form and ensure they receive the prop-er healthcare and disability benefits earned through military service; pro-mote the importance of and caring for those who are still serving in the Armed Forces; promote the patriotic values, morals, culture, and citizenship of the United States; and provide sup-port for at-risk children and activities that nurture their development. This overwhelmingly bipartisan leg-islation has the support of more than 350 Members of the House and has al-ready received the unanimous support of the United States Senate, where the legislation passed by voice vote. For all these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to join me in the passage of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to the gentleman from Massachu-setts (Mr. N
EAL). Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I stand in support of H.R. 1235, the Naismith Me-morial Basketball Hall of Fame Com-memorative Coin Act, which I intro-duced along with my colleague from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). People in Kentucky think that they invented basketball. It was actually in-vented in Massachusetts. But I want to thank him personally, as well as pro-fessionally, for the good work that he has done in helping to bring about this day. As the Hall of Fame celebrates its 125th anniversary of the invention of basketball, this commemorative coin symbolizes all the sport has accom-plished since its humble beginnings in a YMCA gymnasium in Springfield, Massachusetts. This truly American game continues to be played by men and women at every level and on every continent. In December of 1891, a physical edu-cation professor named Dr. James Naismith created a game with a simple objective: throw a round ball into a peach basket that was suspended 10 feet above the ground. While only one basket was made available during those first games, it would soon be-come quite popular with students. Thanks to the network of YMCAs throughout the country and the game’s success on various college campuses, the sport soon became a national phe-nomenon. By 1894, basketball was being played around the Nation and in dozens of countries around the world. During the 1920s and 1930s, teams like the Original Celtics and the New York Renaissance carried professional bas-ketball to the national conscience for the first time. b1630 Internationally, popularity of the new sport from America led to the for-mation of the International Basketball Federation, which was pivotal in add-ing basketball to the Summer Olympic Games in 1936. Eventually, the Na-tional Basketball Association was founded in 1946, and continues to enjoy great success. The Basketball Hall of Fame in-ducted its first class in 1959, despite the lack of any physical structure. They would get their first home on the cam-pus of Springfield College in 1968, just a short way from the game’s first site. Thousands of visitors came to the campus to see memorabilia and be in-spired by the stories of the sport’s early days. As the game skyrocketed in national popularity in the 1980s, with icons like Larry Bird, Magic Johnson, and Michael Jordan, the Hall of Fame found the need to expand. As the mayor of Springfield at the time, I helped to ensure a location on the banks of the Connecticut River. In 1985, the Hall reopened with a three-level museum with hundreds of pieces of memorabilia and displays. The admiration for the sport forced the Hall to expand once again, in 2002, with a state-of-the-art structure just steps away from the old facility. Today, the Hall welcomes 6 million visitors annually. They are dazzled with its interactive displays and exhib-its. As of this year, the Hall has in-ducted 365 of the greatest players, coaches, and referees. Players like Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Bill Bradley, and coaches like John Wooden and Pat Summitt have been honored for their contributions to the sport. The Basketball Hall of Fame commemorative coin is the ideal way for the legacy of these great athletes and coaches to be remembered for dec-ades to come. With no cost to the American tax-payer, the surcharges on these coins will go to further the museum’s curation efforts. The proceeds will also go toward educational programs to pro-mote good sportsmanship and respect on and off the court. Mr. Speaker, I have worked with the Hall of Fame on multiple projects for more than 30 years. It is a terrific tax- exempt organization that works tire-lessly to preserve the history and edu-cate people about this truly American game. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.028 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7455 September 25, 2017 
I believe that basketball instills the virtues that this country was built upon and gives Americans someone to aspire to be. As former NBA player and United States Senator Bill Bradley put it: ‘‘Sports is a metaphor for over-coming obstacles and achieving against great odds. Athletes, in times of dif-ficulty, can be important role models.’’ For these reasons, I urge my col-leagues to support H.R. 1235, and a spe-cial note of thanks to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G
ONZALEZ ) for keeping the debate open so that I could actu-ally speak on this. Again, as I close, I thank the gen-tleman from Kentucky (Mr. B
ARR). He was terrific in his help on this bill. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gen-tleman from Massachusetts and his leadership. I do recognize the great game of basketball was, in fact, in-vented in Massachusetts. That is okay, because Massachusetts gave us Coach Calipari along the way. We really ap-preciate his leadership. This would not have happened with-out the leadership of the gentleman from Massachusetts. It is my honor to work with him on this bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on The American Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as she may con-sume to the gentlewoman from the Dis-trict of Columbia (Ms. N
ORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to rise in honor of the first woman to be national commander of The American Legion. Her name is Denise Rohan. She knows that this is a milestone. Therefore, she is very proud to have been named to this position. She says: ‘‘It is about time.’’ From Ms. Rohan’s perspective, women have always been leaders in the Legion. I am sure most of us didn’t even know that. She says: ‘‘If you look back, women were post commanders early on. We have been in leadership positions. If we weren’t leading from the front, we were still there, helping the organization along.’’ She says she doesn’t think of herself as a female legionnaire. She says: ‘‘I want to be known as a great American Legion leader who happens to be a woman. I have been working hard for the Legion for more than 30 years and am humbled’’—that the Legion— ‘‘chose me to be national commander. It is an honor.’’ She was elected at the Legion’s 99th national convention in Reno, Nevada, in August. She herself, of course, is an Army veteran and the second national commander from Wisconsin. She and her husband, Mike, belong to Mason Lindsay Post 385 in Verona. I am sure she would want that known here on the floor. They have lived 30 years in Sun Prairie. Members have supported Ms. Rohan for a long time and are excited to see her at the top. She is regarded as very capable, outgoing, friendly, and able to bring people to a consensus. Her parents, Joe and Dorothy Hulbert, set a strong example for three daughters. Both were volunteers and active in the local United Church of Christ. She first encountered the Legion as a girl at Memorial Day services in a Catholic cemetery near her home. She waited patiently to receive a spent brass shell casing from the honor guard to use as a whistle. ‘‘The town always had a parade that started at the cemetery, came down the hill, went across the bridge and ended up at another cemetery on the other side of the river,’’ Ms. Rohan said. ‘‘There was only one parade I re-member going the other way, when they brought home the body of some-one killed in Vietnam. It began at the high school and went up the hill. That memory stayed with me.’’ Still, the idea of serving in the mili-tary herself certainly didn’t occur to Ms. Rohan until a high school friend asked her and another girl to accom-pany her to Des Moines for an Army physical. Her friend failed, they passed, and Rohan had a choice. Unsure what she wanted to do with her life and re-luctant to ask her parents to put a third child through college, she joined under the buddy system in 1974. For a person who struggled with homesickness—that is what she called it: homesickness—she got along just fine. ‘‘Somehow my mother lived through me sobbing on the phone every single call for a couple of weeks,’’ Ms. Rohan said. ‘‘Then I started realizing that I had another family: the women in basic training with me. They had my back, they made sure I was taken care of, and we became sisters.’’ At Fort Lee, Virginia, she completed quartermaster school and was the out-standing graduate of her class. Needing female instructors, the Army sent Ms. Rohan to more training. That is where she met Mike, who was working as a television production specialist. ‘‘I had to have some time in the stu-dio,’’ she said, teasing him. ‘‘My room-mate at the time was a runner-up for Miss West Virginia the year before she joined the Army, so here is this beau-tiful blonde who probably did really good on camera because she was used to that kind of stuff. He doesn’t re-member meeting me that day.’’ By Mike’s recollection, they met through a mutual friend a couple of months later. He soon realized this girl had the qualities his mother told him to seek in a woman—and more. ‘‘She never once told me to look for someone who could shoot an M–16, or crawl under barbed wire with live fire going on, or run 2 miles with a rucksack on her back, but that is what I found,’’ he says. ‘‘Denise has all those abilities of a soldier but is also a loving wife and mother.’’ They started dating, fell in love, and Mike got orders to go to Korea. About the same time, Rohan was up for reen-listment. Wanting to stay together, they were married by a justice of the peace during one of Rohan’s morning breaks. Their reception was at McDon-ald’s. ‘‘That is our romantic place we go every year, on May 21,’’ she says. Women are veterans, too. In the end, the Army couldn’t guarantee Rohan an assignment overseas, so she left the service and became an Army wife. Of course, that would not be the case today. Over the next few years, the couple lived in Korea, Texas, and, finally, Wis-consin. Mike spent the first half of his career as enlisted, then became a war-rant officer in the National Guard. Meanwhile, Rohan built her own ca-reer at the University of Wisconsin- Madison, starting as a program assist-ant in the student loan office. She eventually rose to the position of as-sistant bursar, managing a $120 million loan officer portfolio and helping to de-velop a computerized system to man-age it all. She retired in 2012, after 29 years. She is missed a lot, say those who worked with her and under her. Ms. Rohan’s American Legion career has had a similar trajectory. She joined in 1984, when the new com-mander of Post 333 in Sun Prairie, a friend of Mike’s, recruited her to join so she could serve as adjunct. She laughs when she recalls an older veteran who was flustered by a wom-an’s presence at the meetings. He was saying something, swore, and then he took his cap off and said: ‘‘I am sorry, I didn’t mean to be disrespectful.’’ Later, he did it again. He said: ‘‘I just don’t know how I am going to do this.’’ She told him: ‘‘Hey, I was in the Army, too. I have heard those words before.’’ Ms. Rohan really found her spot in the Sun Prairie Post when she was co-ordinating community blood drives: four a year, for two decades. ‘‘Each pint of blood can help three people, and we collected hundreds at each drive,’’ she says. ‘‘The volunteers kept coming back, the donors kept coming back. It makes you feel like you are making a difference.’’ From there, Ms. Rohan’s reputation for hard work and willingness to serve opened door after door: district adju-tant and commander, department his-torian—she is a four-time winner of the National American Legion Historian contest—and department commander. On the national level, she is a former chair of the Veterans Employment and Education Commission, as well as the National Membership and Post Activi-ties Committee. Along the way, she volunteered for dozens of smaller jobs that have ce-mented the Legion’s place in her com-munity, like chartering a Boy Scouts 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.030 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7456 September 25, 2017 
troop, organizing children’s Christmas parties, and assembling troop care packages. None of it would have happened if Ms. Rohan was the sort to hold grudges, however. When the couple lived briefly in Marshall, Wisconsin, a member of the local American Legion came by to recruit Mike. b1645 Rohan identified herself as an eligi-ble veteran, but the Legion recruiter told her that women could join the auxiliary only. Years later, the Marshall Post real-ized its mistake and hung a photo of Ms. Rohan, then district commander, behind a sign that says: ‘‘Remember, women are veterans, too.’’ Today, the Marshall Post is one of her biggest supporters. ‘‘I promised they would get one of my first national commander photos to put in that frame,’’ she says. ‘‘We can do that,’’ is what Rohan has become known for. Her name is known in more than just Le-gion circles. At the Wisconsin National Guard Ar-mory in Madison, she and her husband are Aunt Denise and Uncle Mike. Since 2006, they frequented drill weekends so often that young servicemen some-times assumed they are part of their unit. Facing a rough situation with a sol-dier fresh off deployment and needing resources fast, Staff Sergeant Dan Killam was told to talk to the Rohans at the Legion. That call led to an unbe-lievable amount of care for troops and their families. When soldiers needed satellite phone minutes to call home after a battle, the Wisconsin Legion family raised $50,000. At a spur run for the 105th Calvary, Le-gionnaires fed nearly 500 people. I think after this lengthy—but I think much deserved—report on the first woman to head The American Le-gion, we understand why the bill that comes before us is much deserved. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, may I ask how much time I have remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Kentucky has 14 minutes remaining. The time of the gentleman from Texas has expired. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, once again, in support of The American Legion 100th Anniver-sary Commemorative Coin Act, I want to share a story from just yesterday in Nicholasville, Kentucky, where The American Legion was there, as they al-ways are, supporting our veteran fami-lies. We were at Camp Nelson—which was originally a Union Army cemetery, but since the Civil War, has become a final resting place for many of our heroes— yesterday to honor many of the Ken-tucky Gold Star families who had lost loved ones, heroes, in the war on ter-ror. The first one was a U.S. Naval officer killed on September 11, 2001, in the Pentagon. And most recently, Captain Matthew Roland, a captain in the United States Air Force, was killed in action in August of 2015 in Afghani-stan. And the families of these fallen heroes were there. We were there to honor those fallen heroes and unveil a dedication, a memorial to those Gold Star families who had sacrificed so much. Not only did those heroes sac-rifice everything for this country, but those families have sacrificed because they have lost their loved ones, and they are missing anniversaries, birth-days, and their children growing up and walking down the aisle. But who was there to honor those Gold Star families? The American Legion. And The American Legion was there holding those American flags high, and they were there to deliver the three-volley salute in honor of those fallen heroes. The American Legion is, first and foremost, a local organization. They pride themselves in that, and that is what they were in Jessamine County, Kentucky, honoring those Gold Star families. Yes, they represent a country of heroes and servicemembers and vet-erans, but they are local, and they showed that yesterday in the Sixth Congressional District of Kentucky, and they show that all over this coun-try. I would just note also, Mr. Speaker, that when we think of how to honor our veterans, we have to remember what General George Washington— who, of course, was the Founder of our country, and who, of course, was that famous general during the American Revolution who arguably was the first veteran—said. And what General Wash-ington—President Washington fa-mously said about our country and vet-erans was that the willingness with which our young people are likely to serve in any war, no matter how justi-fied, shall be directly proportional to how they perceive veterans of earlier wars and how they were treated and ap-preciated by our Nation. The American Legion embodies that. They are a group of patriots, of vet-erans who know that it is critically im-portant to instill in other Americans the importance of patriotism, love of our country, love of the American flag, so they help us and future generations respect our veterans and their service and their sacrifice. We appreciate the fact that we have a piece of legislation before this body today that honors that great organiza-tion—The American Legion—that pro-vides that level of patriotism and sup-port to our men and women in uniform and veterans who have served this country so heroically and patriotically. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ), the legislation’s sponsor. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time and, more importantly, for his elo-quent words. I appreciate the support both for The American Legion and for this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, thank you for bringing the bill to the floor, H.R. 2519, The American Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act, for a vote today. For nearly a century, The American Legion has worked tirelessly day and night to improve the lives of veterans and their families. For that reason, words cannot express the gratitude that we have for the men and women of The American Legion. As both a veteran and a legislator, I see firsthand the results they achieve for veterans on a daily basis. This bipartisan piece of legislation has the support of over 370 of our peers, including the entirety of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee, the Fi-nancial Services Committee, and the majority and minority leaders. The Senate has passed a similar piece of legislation, and I look forward to continue working to get this to the President’s desk. These commemorative coins are just a small token of thanks to show the millions of American Legion members that we appreciate what they do for our servicemembers, for our veterans, for our national security, and for our local communities. In full disclosure, Mr. Speaker, as a longtime member of The American Le-gion, I am proud to stand here spon-soring this piece of legislation. I look forward to it being signed into law, and then I look forward to Americans get-ting a piece of this history that we should all be proud of. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2519, as amend-ed. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
FACILITATING CONSTRUCTION OF A BRIDGE ON CERTAIN PROP-ERTY IN CHRISTIAN COUNTY, MISSOURI Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 810) to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri, and for other pur-poses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 810 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. RIVERSIDE BRIDGE PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Riverside Bridge Project is authorized to be carried out not-withstanding— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:11 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.031 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7457 September 25, 2017 
(1) any agreement entered unto under, or restriction pursuant to, section 404(b)(2) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(b)(2)); or (2) any easement or other Federal restric-tion pursuant to that Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) that requires the covered property to be maintained for open space, recreation, or wetland management. (b) C
ONDITIONS .—As a condition of the au-thorization under subsection (a)— (1) Christian County, Missouri, or an as-signee shall— (A) carry out the Riverside Bridge Project in a manner that ensures that no flood dam-age attributable to the Project occurs; and (B) be liable for any such flood damage that does occur; and (2) the Federal Government shall not be liable for future flood damage that is caused by the Project. (c) D
ISASTER ASSISTANCE PROHIBITED .—No future disaster assistance from any Federal source may be provided with respect to the covered property or any improvements thereon. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) C
OVERED PROPERTY .—The term ‘‘covered property’’ means the property— (A) in Christian County, Missouri; (B) conveyed to such County by the River-side Inn, Inc.; and (C) that is approximately 1.5 acres and 482 lineal feet adjacent to the westerly line of Riverside Road to the center of Finley Creek. (2) R
IVERSIDE BRIDGE PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Riverside Bridge Project’’ means the project to construct, maintain, and operate a bridge on and over the covered property. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ERGUSON ) and the gen-tlewoman from the District of Colum-bia (Ms. N
ORTON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on S. 810. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 810 would allow the community of Ozark, Missouri, to fin-ish the Riverside Bridge project, which spans the Finley River. After repeated major flooding in the area, the commu-nity purchased the land next to the ex-isting bridge. As a condition of the Federal funds used to purchase this land, FEMA pro-hibits the building of any structures on the property. Replacing the current one-lane bridge is essential and will al-leviate traffic for families, small busi-ness owners, and emergency responders traveling in the region. I would like to thank the entire Mis-souri delegation for their work on this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support its passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 810. This bill authorizes construction of a bridge on property acquired for open space under section 404 of the Stafford Act. Riverside Bridge in Christian County, Missouri, is a 100-year-old one-lane bridge that currently frequently closes due to flooding. Local transportation officials have agreed on a plan to re-place the existing one-lane bridge with a wider bridge that has a larger foot-print. However, expanding the bridge in-volves building on land that has re-ceived FEMA disaster mitigation funds in the past. After repeated flooding, FEMA pro-vided funding to Christian County in 2009 to demolish a structure adjacent to the bridge, the Riverside Inn, and to purchase the land. As a condition of providing the funding, FEMA required that the land be maintained for open space, recreation, or wetland manage-ment. Unless Congress removes the re-striction on construction on that site, the county cannot replace Riverside Bridge. S. 810 provides that Christian County must ensure the bridge replacement project does not result in flood damage and is liable for any flood damage that occurs. No further disaster assistance from any Federal source may be pro-vided for the property or the structure. This bill provides a narrow exemp-tion from existing FEMA rules that will allow Christian County, Missouri, to solve a transportation problem. I am not aware of any opposition to this leg-islation. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. F
ER-
GUSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 810. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
DISASTER TAX RELIEF AND AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY EXTENSION ACT OF 2017 Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3823) to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend au-thorizations for the airport improve-ment program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to provide disaster tax relief, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3823 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—FEDERAL AVIATION PROGRAMS Sec. 101. Extension of airport improvement program. Sec. 102. Extension of expiring authorities. Sec. 103. Federal Aviation Administration operations. Sec. 104. Small community air service. Sec. 105. Air navigation facilities and equip-ment. Sec. 106. Research, engineering, and develop-ment. Sec. 107. Funding for aviation programs. TITLE II—AVIATION REVENUE PROVISIONS Sec. 201. Expenditure authority from Air-port and Airway Trust Fund. Sec. 202. Extension of taxes funding Airport and Airway Trust Fund. TITLE III—EXPIRING HEALTH PROVISIONS Sec. 301. Extension of certain public health programs. Sec. 302. Extension of Medicare Patient IVIG Access Demonstration Project. Sec. 303. Funds from the Medicare Improve-ment Fund. TITLE IV—DEVELOPMENT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE MARKET Sec. 401. Private flood insurance. TITLE V—TAX RELIEF FOR HURRICANES HARVEY, IRMA, AND MARIA Sec. 501. Definitions. Sec. 502. Special disaster-related rules for use of retirement funds. Sec. 503. Disaster-related employment relief. Sec. 504. Additional disaster-related tax re-lief provisions. Sec. 505. Budgetary effects. TITLE I—FEDERAL AVIATION PROGRAMS 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AIRPORT IMPROVE-MENT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 48103(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘and $1,670,410,959 for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018.’’. (2) O
BLIGATION OF AMOUNTS .—Subject to limitations specified in advance in appro-priations Acts, sums made available pursu-ant to the amendment made by paragraph (1) may be obligated at any time through Sep-tember 30, 2018, and shall remain available until expended. (3) P
ROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION .—For pur- poses of calculating funding apportionments and meeting other requirements under sec-tions 47114, 47115, 47116, and 47117 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018, the Administrator of the Federal Avia-tion Administration shall— (A) first calculate such funding apportion-ments on an annualized basis as if the total amount available under section 48103 of such title for fiscal year 2018 were $3,350,000,000; and (B) then reduce by 50 percent— (i) all funding apportionments calculated under subparagraph (A); and (ii) amounts available pursuant to sections 47117(b) and 47117(f)(2) of such title. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.009 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7458 September 25, 2017 
(b) P ROJECT GRANT AUTHORITY .—Section 47104(c) of title 49, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017,’’ and in-serting ‘‘March 31, 2018,’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF EXPIRING AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) Section 47107(r)(3) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Octo-ber 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2018’’. (b) Section 47114(c)(1)(F) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subparagraph heading by striking ‘‘
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2017 ’’; and (2) in the matter preceding clause (i) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017 an amount’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 and 2018 an amount’’. (c) Section 47115(j) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2017’’. (d) Section 47124(b)(3)(E) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and not more than $5,160,822 for the period begin-ning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2017’’. (e) Section 47141(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (f) Section 186(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (117 Stat. 2518) is amended by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2017’’. (g) Section 409(d) of the Vision 100—Cen-tury of Aviation Reauthorization Act (49 U.S.C. 41731 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (h) Section 140(c)(1) of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (126 Stat. 28) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (i) Section 411(h) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 42301 prec. note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (j) Section 822(k) of the FAA Moderniza-tion and Reform Act of 2012 (49 U.S.C. 47141 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (k) Section 2306(b) of the FAA Extension, Safety, and Security Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 641) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 103. FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION OPERATIONS. 
Section 106(k) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (E) by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) $4,999,191,956 for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018.’;’’; and (2) in paragraph (3) by inserting ‘‘and for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 104. SMALL COMMUNITY AIR SERVICE. 
(a) E SSENTIAL AIRSERVICE AUTHORIZA -
TION.—Section 41742(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and $175,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘$175,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and $74,794,521 for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018,’’. (b) AIRPORTS NOTRECEIVING SUFFICIENT  S
ERVICE .—Section 41743(e)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and $4,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018,’’ after ‘‘fiscal years 2012 through 2017’’. 
SEC. 105. AIR NAVIGATION FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 48101(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) $1,423,589,041 for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 106. RESEARCH, ENGINEERING, AND DEVEL-OPMENT. 
Section 48102(a) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (8) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) $88,008,219 for the period beginning on October 1, 2017 and ending on March 31, 2018.’’. 
SEC. 107. FUNDING FOR AVIATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 48114 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2) by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. (b) C
OMPLIANCE WITHFUNDING REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The budget authority authorized in this title, including the amendments made by this title, shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of subsections (a)(1)(B) and (a)(2) of section 48114 of title 49, United States Code, for the period beginning on Oc-tober 1, 2017, and ending on March 31, 2018. TITLE II—AVIATION REVENUE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 201. EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY FROM AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 9502(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘April 1, 2018’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A) by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘or the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017;’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 9502(e)(2) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF TAXES FUNDING AIR-PORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND. 
(a) F UEL TAXES .—Section 4081(d)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (b) T
ICKET TAXES .— (1) P
ERSONS .—Section 4261(k)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (2) P
ROPERTY .—Section 4271(d)(1)(A)(ii) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (c) F
RACTIONAL OWNERSHIP PROGRAMS .— (1) T
REATMENT AS NONCOMMERCIAL AVIA -
TION.—Section 4083(b) of such Code is amend-ed by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘April 1, 2018’’. (2) E
XEMPTION FROM TICKET TAXES .—Sec- tion 4261(j) of such Code is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. TITLE III—EXPIRING HEALTH PROVISIONS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PROGRAM OF PAYMENTS  
TOTEACHING HEALTH CENTERS THATOPERATE  GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS .— Section 340H(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h(g)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and $60,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘, $60,000,000’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, and $15,000,000 for the first quarter of fiscal year 2018’’ before the period at the end. (b) E
XTENSION OF SPECIAL DIABETES PRO-
GRAM FOR INDIANS .—Section 330C(c)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c– 3(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) $37,500,000 for the first quarter of fis-cal year 2018.’’. (c) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Part D of the Public Health Service Act is amended by re-designating— (1) the second subpart XI (42 U.S.C. 256i; re-lating to a community-based collaborative care network program) as subpart XII; and (2) the second section 340H (42 U.S.C. 256i) as section 340I. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF MEDICARE PATIENT IVIG ACCESS DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
Section 101(b) of the Medicare IVIG Access and Strengthening Medicare and Repaying Taxpayers Act of 2012 (42 U.S.C. 1395l note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘for a period of 3 years’’ the following: ‘‘and, sub-ject to the availability of funds under sub-section (g)— ‘‘(A) if the date of enactment of the Dis-aster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Ex-tension Act of 2017 is on or before September 30, 2017, for the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2020; and ‘‘(B) if the date of enactment of such Act is after September 30, 2017, for the period begin-ning on the date of enactment of such Act and ending on December 31, 2020’’’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘Subject to the preceding sentence, a Medicare beneficiary enrolled in the demonstration project on September 30, 2017, shall be automatically enrolled during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 and ending on December 31, 2020, with-out submission of another application.’’. 
SEC. 303. FUNDS FROM THE MEDICARE IMPROVE-MENT FUND. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 24 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘during and after fiscal year 2021, $270,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during and after fiscal year 2021, $220,000,000’’. TITLE IV—DEVELOPMENT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE MARKET 
SEC. 401. PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE. 
(a) F LOOD INSURANCE MANDATORY PUR-
CHASE REQUIREMENT .— (1) A
MOUNT AND TERM OF COVERAGE .—Sec- tion 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘Sec. 102. (a)’’ and all that follows through the end of subsection (a) and insert-ing the following: ‘‘S
EC. 102. (a) A MOUNT AND TERM OF COV-
ERAGE .—After the expiration of sixty days following the date of the enactment of this Act, no Federal officer or agency shall ap-prove any financial assistance for acquisi-tion or construction purposes for use in any area that has been identified by the Adminis-trator as an area having special flood haz-ards and in which the sale of flood insurance has been made available under the National 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7459 September 25, 2017 
Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the build-ing or mobile home and any personal prop-erty to which such financial assistance re-lates is covered by flood insurance: Provided, That the amount of flood insurance (1) in the case of Federal flood insurance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal prop-erty (less estimated land cost), the out-standing principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less; or (2) in the case of private flood insur-ance, is at least equal to the development or project cost of the building, mobile home, or personal property (less estimated land cost), the outstanding principal balance of the loan, or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made available with re-spect to the particular type of property, whichever is less: Provided further, That if the financial assistance provided is in the form of a loan or an insurance or guaranty of a loan, the amount of flood insurance re-quired need not exceed the outstanding prin-cipal balance of the loan and need not be re-quired beyond the term of the loan. The re-quirement of maintaining flood insurance shall apply during the life of the property, regardless of transfer of ownership of such property.’’. (2) R
EQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— Subsection (b) of section 102 of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (7); (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); (C) by striking the subsection designation and all that follows through the end of para-graph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR MORTGAGE LOANS .— ‘‘(1) R
EGULATED LENDING INSTITUTIONS .— Each Federal entity for lending regulation (after consultation and coordination with the Financial Institutions Examination Council established under the Federal Finan-cial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1974) shall by regulation direct regulated lending institutions not to make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by im-proved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the building or mobile home and any personal property securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood in-surance: Provided, That the amount of flood insurance (A) in the case of Federal flood in-surance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the max-imum limit of Federal flood insurance cov-erage made available with respect to the par-ticular type of property, whichever is less; or (B) in the case of private flood insurance, is at least equal to the outstanding principal balance of the loan or the maximum limit of Federal flood insurance coverage made avail-able with respect to the particular type of property, whichever is less. ‘‘(2) F
EDERAL AGENCY LENDERS AND MORT -
GAGE INSURANCE AND GUARANTEE AGENCIES .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL AGENCY LENDERS .—A Federal agency lender may not make, increase, ex-tend, or renew any loan secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located or to be located in an area that has been identified by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance has been made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, unless the build-ing or mobile home and any personal prop-erty securing such loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in ac-cordance with paragraph (1). Each Federal agency lender may issue any regulations necessary to carry out this paragraph. Such regulations shall be consistent with and sub-stantially identical to the regulations issued under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) OTHER FEDERAL MORTGAGE ENTITIES .— ‘‘(i) C
OVERAGE REQUIREMENTS .—Each cov-ered Federal mortgage entity shall imple-ment procedures reasonably designed to en-sure that, for any loan that— ‘‘(I) is secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located in an area that has been identified, at the time of the origina-tion of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan, by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and ‘‘(II) is made, insured, held, or guaranteed by such entity, or backs or on which is based any trust certificate or other security for which such entity guarantees the timely payment of principal and interest, the building or mobile home and any per-sonal property securing the loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) D
EFINITION .—For purposes of this sub-paragraph, the term ‘covered Federal mort-gage entity’ means— ‘‘(I) the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, with respect to mortgages in-sured under the National Housing Act; ‘‘(II) the Secretary of Agriculture, with re-spect to loans made, insured, or guaranteed under title V of the Housing Act of 1949; and ‘‘(III) the Government National Mortgage Association. ‘‘(C) R
EQUIREMENT TO ACCEPT FLOOD INSUR -
ANCE .—Each Federal agency lender and each covered Federal mortgage entity shall ac-cept flood insurance as satisfaction of the flood insurance coverage requirement under subparagraph (A) or (B), respectively, if the flood insurance coverage meets the require-ments for coverage under such subparagraph and the requirements relating to financial strength issued pursuant to paragraph (4). ‘‘(3) G
OVERNMENT -SPONSORED ENTERPRISES  
FOR HOUSING .—The Federal National Mort-gage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation shall implement pro-cedures reasonably designed to ensure that, for any loan that is— ‘‘(A) secured by improved real estate or a mobile home located in an area that has been identified, at the time of the origina-tion of the loan or at any time during the term of the loan, by the Administrator as an area having special flood hazards and in which flood insurance is available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968, and ‘‘(B) purchased or guaranteed by such enti-ty, the building or mobile home and any per-sonal property securing the loan is covered for the term of the loan by flood insurance in the amount provided in paragraph (1). The Federal National Mortgage Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion shall accept flood insurance as satisfac-tion of the flood insurance coverage require-ment under paragraph (1) if the flood insur-ance coverage provided meets the require-ments for coverage under that paragraph and the requirements relating to financial strength issued pursuant to paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) R
EQUIREMENTS REGARDING FINANCIAL  
STRENGTH .—The Director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, in consultation with the Federal National Mortgage Associa-tion, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Cor-poration, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Government Na-tional Mortgage Association, and the Sec-retary of Agriculture shall develop and im-plement requirements relating to the finan-cial strength of private insurance companies from which such entities and agencies will accept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance. ‘‘(5) APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(A) E
XISTING COVERAGE .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (B), paragraph (1) shall apply on the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regu-latory Improvement Act of 1994. ‘‘(B) N
EW COVERAGE .—Paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply only with respect to any loan made, increased, extended, or renewed after the expiration of the 1-year period beginning on the date of enactment of the Riegle Com-munity Development and Regulatory Im-provement Act of 1994. Paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to any loan made, in-creased, extended, or renewed by any lender supervised by the Farm Credit Administra-tion only after the expiration of the period under this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) C
ONTINUED EFFECT OF REGULATIONS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of this subsection, the regulations to carry out paragraph (1), as in effect immediately be-fore the date of enactment of the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, shall continue to apply until the regulations issued to carry out paragraph (1) as amended by section 522(a) of such Act take effect. ‘‘(6) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Except as otherwise specified, any reference to flood insurance in this section shall be considered to include Federal flood insurance and pri-vate flood insurance. Nothing in this sub-section shall be construed to supersede or limit the authority of a Federal entity for lending regulation, the Federal Housing Fi-nance Agency, a Federal agency lender, a covered Federal mortgage entity (as such term is defined in paragraph (2)(B)(ii)), the Federal National Mortgage Association, or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corpora-tion to establish requirements relating to the financial strength of private insurance companies from which the entity or agency will accept private flood insurance, provided that such requirements shall not affect or conflict with any State law, regulation, or procedure concerning the regulation of the business of insurance.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(8) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(A) F
LOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘flood insurance’ means— ‘‘(i) Federal flood insurance; and ‘‘(ii) private flood insurance. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘Federal flood insurance’ means an insurance policy made available under the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). ‘‘(C) P
RIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE .—The term ‘private flood insurance’ means an insurance policy that— ‘‘(i) is issued by an insurance company that is— ‘‘(I) licensed, admitted, or otherwise ap-proved to engage in the business of insurance in the State in which the insured building is located, by the insurance regulator of that State; or ‘‘(II) eligible as a nonadmitted insurer to provide insurance in the home State of the insured, in accordance with sections 521 through 527 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (15 U.S.C. 8201 through 8206); ‘‘(ii) is issued by an insurance company that is not otherwise disapproved as a sur-plus lines insurer by the insurance regulator 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7460 September 25, 2017 
of the State in which the property to be in-sured is located; and ‘‘(iii) provides flood insurance coverage that complies with the laws and regulations of that State. ‘‘(D) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, and American Samoa.’’. (b) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—Section 1308 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4015) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) E
FFECT OF PRIVATE FLOOD INSURANCE  C
OVERAGE ON CONTINUOUS COVERAGE RE-
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes of applying any statutory, regulatory, or administrative con-tinuous coverage requirement, including under section 1307(g)(1), the Administrator shall consider any period during which a property was continuously covered by pri-vate flood insurance (as defined in section 102(b)(8) of the Flood Disaster Protection Act of 1973 (42 U.S.C. 4012a(b)(8))) to be a period of continuous coverage.’’. TITLE V—TAX RELIEF FOR HURRICANES HARVEY, IRMA, AND MARIA 
SEC. 501. DEFINITIONS. 
(a) H URRICANE HARVEY DISASTER ZONE AND  D
ISASTER AREA.—For purposes of this title— (1) H
URRICANE HARVEY DISASTER ZONE .—The term ‘‘Hurricane Harvey disaster zone’’ means that portion of the Hurricane Harvey disaster area determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assistance from the Federal Government under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of Hurricane Harvey. (2) H
URRICANE HARVEY DISASTER AREA .— The term ‘‘Hurricane Harvey disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President before September 21, 2017, under section 401 of such Act by reason of Hurricane Harvey. (b) H
URRICANE IRMA DISASTER ZONE AND  D
ISASTER AREA.—For purposes of this title— (1) H
URRICANE IRMA DISASTER ZONE .—The term ‘‘Hurricane Irma disaster zone’’ means that portion of the Hurricane Irma disaster area determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assist-ance from the Federal Government under such Act by reason of Hurricane Irma. (2) H
URRICANE IRMA DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Hurricane Irma disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major dis-aster has been declared by the President be-fore September 21, 2017, under section 401 of such Act by reason of Hurricane Irma. (c) H
URRICANE MARIA DISASTER ZONE AND  D
ISASTER AREA.—For purposes of this title— (1) H
URRICANE MARIA DISASTER ZONE .—The term ‘‘Hurricane Maria disaster zone’’ means that portion of the Hurricane Maria disaster area determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assist-ance from the Federal Government under such Act by reason of Hurricane Maria. (2) H
URRICANE MARIA DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Hurricane Maria disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major dis-aster has been declared by the President be-fore September 21, 2017, under section 401 of such Act by reason of Hurricane Maria. 
SEC. 502. SPECIAL DISASTER-RELATED RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT FUNDS. 
(a) T AX-FAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RE-
TIREMENT PLANS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified hurricane distribution. (2) A
GGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the aggregate amount of distribu-tions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified hurricane distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the ex-cess (if any) of— (i) $100,000, over (ii) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified hurricane distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (B) TREATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (with-out regard to subparagraph (A)) be a quali-fied hurricane distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any requirement of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 merely be-cause the plan treats such distribution as a qualified hurricane distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual ex-ceeds $100,000. (C) C
ONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) A
MOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceives a qualified hurricane distribution may, at any time during the 3-year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribu-tion to an eligible retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (B) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS  
OTHER THAN IRAS .—For purposes of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with re-spect to a qualified hurricane distribution from an eligible retirement plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the tax-payer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having re-ceived the qualified hurricane distribution in an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of such Code) and as hav-ing transferred the amount to the eligible re-tirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (C) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS -
TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribu-tion is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to a qualified hurricane dis-tribution from an individual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of such Code), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified hurricane dis-tribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (4) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE DISTRIBUTION .— Except as provided in paragraph (2), the term ‘‘qualified hurricane distribution’’ means— (i) any distribution from an eligible retire-ment plan made on or after August 23, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, to an individual whose principal place of abode on August 23, 2017, is located in the Hurricane Harvey dis-aster area and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of Hurricane Harvey, (ii) any distribution (which is not described in clause (i)) from an eligible retirement plan made on or after September 4, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, to an individual whose principal place of abode on September 4, 2017, is located in the Hurricane Irma dis-aster area and who has sustained an eco-nomic loss by reason of Hurricane Irma, and (iii) any distribution (which is not de-scribed in clause (i) or (ii)) from an eligible retirement plan made on or after September 16, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, to an in-dividual whose principal place of abode on September 16, 2017, is located in the Hurri-cane Maria disaster area and who has sus-tained an economic loss by reason of Hurri-cane Maria. (B) ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (5) I
NCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 -YEAR  
PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of any quali-fied hurricane distribution, unless the tax-payer elects not to have this paragraph apply for any taxable year, any amount re-quired to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included rat-ably over the 3-taxable year period beginning with such taxable year. (B) S
PECIAL RULE .—For purposes of sub-paragraph (A), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall apply. (6) S
PECIAL RULES .— (A) E
XEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH -
HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, qualified hurricane dis-tributions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (B) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE DISTRIBUTIONS  
TREATED AS MEETING PLAN DISTRIBUTION RE -
QUIREMENTS .—For purposes the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986, a qualified hurricane dis-tribution shall be treated as meeting the re-quirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of such Code. (b) R
ECONTRIBUTIONS OF WITHDRAWALS FOR  H
OMEPURCHASES .— (1) R
ECONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any individual who re-ceived a qualified distribution may, during the period beginning on August 23, 2017, and ending on February 28, 2018, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such qualified distribution to an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986) of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), or 408(d)(3), of such Code, as the case may be. (B) T
REATMENT OF REPAYMENTS .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (a)(3) shall apply for pur-poses of this subsection. (2) Q
UALIFIED DISTRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified dis-tribution’’ means any distribution— (A) described in section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii) (but only to the extent such distribution relates to financial hardship), 403(b)(11)(B), or 72(t)(2)(F), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (B) received after February 28, 2017, and be-fore September 21, 2017, and (C) which was to be used to purchase or construct a principal residence in the Hurri-cane Harvey disaster area, the Hurricane Irma disaster area, or the Hurricane Maria disaster area, but which was not so pur-chased or constructed on account of Hurri-cane Harvey, Hurricane Irma, or Hurricane Maria. (c) L
OANS FROMQUALIFIED PLANS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7461 September 25, 2017 
(1) I NCREASE IN LIMIT ON LOANS NOT TREAT -
ED AS DISTRIBUTIONS .—In the case of any loan from a qualified employer plan (as defined under section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) to a qualified individual made during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2018— (A) clause (i) of section 72(p)(2)(A) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$100,000’’ for ‘‘$50,000’’, and (B) clause (ii) of such section shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the em-ployee under the plan’’ for ‘‘one-half of the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the employee under the plan’’. (2) D
ELAY OF REPAYMENT .—In the case of a qualified individual with an outstanding loan on or after the qualified beginning date from a qualified employer plan (as defined in sec-tion 72(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)— (A) if the due date pursuant to subpara-graph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code for any repayment with respect to such loan occurs during the period beginning on the qualified beginning date and ending on December 31, 2018, such due date shall be de-layed for 1 year, (B) any subsequent repayments with re-spect to any such loan shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the delay in the due date under paragraph (1) and any interest accru-ing during such delay, and (C) in determining the 5-year period and the term of a loan under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code, the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be dis-regarded. (3) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘qualified indi-vidual’’ means any qualified Hurricane Har-vey individual, any qualified Hurricane Irma individual, and any qualified Hurricane Maria individual. (B) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE HARVEY INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘qualified Hurricane Har-vey individual’’ means an individual whose principal place of abode on August 23, 2017, is located in the Hurricane Harvey disaster area and who has sustained an economic loss by reason of Hurricane Harvey. (C) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE IRMA INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘qualified Hurricane Irma individual’’ means an individual (other than a qualified Hurricane Harvey indi-vidual) whose principal place of abode on September 4, 2017, is located in the Hurricane Irma disaster area and who has sustained an economic loss by reason of Hurricane Irma. (D) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE MARIA INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘qualified Hurricane Maria individual’’ means an individual (other than a qualified Hurricane Harvey in-dividual or a qualified Hurricane Irma indi-vidual) whose principal place of abode on September 16, 2017, is located in the Hurri-cane Maria disaster area and who has sus-tained an economic loss by reason of Hurri-cane Maria. (4) Q
UALIFIED BEGINNING DATE .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the qualified begin-ning date is— (A) in the case of any qualified Hurricane Harvey individual, August 23, 2017, (B) in the case of any qualified Hurricane Irma individual, September 4, 2017, and (C) in the case of any qualified Hurricane Maria individual, September 16, 2017. (d) P
ROVISIONS RELATING TO PLANAMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If this subsection applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B)(i). (2) AMENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP -
PLIES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—This subsection shall apply to any amendment to any plan or an-nuity contract which is made— (i) pursuant to any provision of this sec-tion, or pursuant to any regulation issued by the Secretary or the Secretary of Labor under any provision of this section, and (ii) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2019, or such later date as the Secretary may prescribe. In the case of a governmental plan (as de-fined in section 414(d) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986), clause (ii) shall be applied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under clause (ii). (B) C
ONDITIONS .—This subsection shall not apply to any amendment unless— (i) during the period— (I) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in subparagraph (A)(i) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or contract amendment not required by this section or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan), and (II) ending on the date described in sub-paragraph (A)(ii) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or contract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect; and (ii) such plan or contract amendment ap-plies retroactively for such period. 
SEC. 503. DISASTER-RELATED EMPLOYMENT RE-LIEF. 
(a) E MPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT FOR EM-
PLOYERS AFFECTED BY HURRICANE HARVEY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of an eligible employer, the Hurricane Harvey employee retention credit shall be treated as a credit listed in subsection (b) of such section. For purposes of this subsection, the Hurricane Harvey employee retention credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 40 percent of the qualified wages with respect to each eligible employee of such employer for such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account with respect to any indi-vidual shall not exceed $6,000. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employer’’ means any employer— (i) which conducted an active trade or busi-ness on August 23, 2017, in the Hurricane Harvey disaster zone, and (ii) with respect to whom the trade or busi-ness described in clause (i) is inoperable on any day after August 23, 2017, and before Jan-uary 1, 2018, as a result of damage sustained by reason of Hurricane Harvey. (B) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employee’’ means with respect to an eli-gible employer an employee whose principal place of employment on August 23, 2017, with such eligible employer was in the Hurricane Harvey disaster zone. (C) Q
UALIFIED WAGES .—The term ‘‘qualified wages’’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, but without regard to section 3306(b)(2)(B) of such Code) paid or incurred by an eligible employer with respect to an eligible em-ployee on any day after August 23, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, which occurs during the period— (i) beginning on the date on which the trade or business described in subparagraph (A) first became inoperable at the principal place of employment of the employee imme-diately before Hurricane Harvey, and (ii) ending on the date on which such trade or business has resumed significant oper-ations at such principal place of employ-ment. Such term shall include wages paid without regard to whether the employee performs no services, performs services at a different place of employment than such principal place of employment, or performs services at such principal place of employment before significant operations have resumed. (3) CERTAIN RULES TO APPLY .—For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to the rules of sections 51(i)(1) and 52, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall apply. (4) E
MPLOYEE NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT  
MORE THAN ONCE .—An employee shall not be treated as an eligible employee for purposes of this subsection for any period with respect to any employer if such employer is allowed a credit under section 51 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 with respect to such em-ployee for such period. (b) E
MPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT FOR EM-
PLOYERS AFFECTED BY HURRICANE IRMA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of an eligible employer, the Hurricane Irma employee retention credit shall be treated as a credit listed in subsection (b) of such section. For purposes of this subsection, the Hurricane Irma employee retention cred-it for any taxable year is an amount equal to 40 percent of the qualified wages with respect to each eligible employee of such employer for such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account with respect to any individual shall not exceed $6,000. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employer’’ means any employer— (i) which conducted an active trade or busi-ness on September 4, 2017, in the Hurricane Irma disaster zone, and (ii) with respect to whom the trade or busi-ness described in clause (i) is inoperable on any day after September 4, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, as a result of damage sus-tained by reason of Hurricane Irma. (B) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employee’’ means with respect to an eli-gible employer an employee whose principal place of employment on September 4, 2017, with such eligible employer was in the Hurri-cane Irma disaster zone. (C) Q
UALIFIED WAGES .—The term ‘‘qualified wages’’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, but without regard to section 3306(b)(2)(B) of such Code) paid or incurred by an eligible employer with respect to an eligible em-ployee on any day after September 4, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, which occurs dur-ing the period— (i) beginning on the date on which the trade or business described in subparagraph (A) first became inoperable at the principal place of employment of the employee imme-diately before Hurricane Irma, and (ii) ending on the date on which such trade or business has resumed significant oper-ations at such principal place of employ-ment. Such term shall include wages paid without regard to whether the employee performs no services, performs services at a different place of employment than such principal place of employment, or performs services at such principal place of employment before significant operations have resumed. (3) C
ERTAIN RULES TO APPLY .—For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to the rules 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7462 September 25, 2017 
of sections 51(i)(1) and 52, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall apply. (4) E
MPLOYEE NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT  
MORE THAN ONCE .—An employee shall not be treated as an eligible employee for purposes of this subsection for any period with respect to any employer if such employer is allowed a credit under subsection (a), or section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with re-spect to such employee for such period. (c) E
MPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT FOR EM-
PLOYERS AFFECTED BY HURRICANE MARIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of an eligible employer, the Hurricane Maria employee retention credit shall be treated as a credit listed in subsection (b) of such section. For purposes of this subsection, the Hurricane Maria employee retention credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 40 percent of the qualified wages with respect to each eligible employee of such employer for such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account with respect to any indi-vidual shall not exceed $6,000. (2) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section— (A) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employer’’ means any employer— (i) which conducted an active trade or busi-ness on September 16, 2017, in the Hurricane Maria disaster zone, and (ii) with respect to whom the trade or busi-ness described in clause (i) is inoperable on any day after September 16, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, as a result of damage sus-tained by reason of Hurricane Maria. (B) E
LIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘eligi-ble employee’’ means with respect to an eli-gible employer an employee whose principal place of employment on September 16, 2017, with such eligible employer was in the Hurri-cane Maria disaster zone. (C) Q
UALIFIED WAGES .—The term ‘‘qualified wages’’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, but without regard to section 3306(b)(2)(B) of such Code) paid or incurred by an eligible employer with respect to an eligible em-ployee on any day after September 16, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, which occurs dur-ing the period— (i) beginning on the date on which the trade or business described in subparagraph (A) first became inoperable at the principal place of employment of the employee imme-diately before Hurricane Maria, and (ii) ending on the date on which such trade or business has resumed significant oper-ations at such principal place of employ-ment. Such term shall include wages paid without regard to whether the employee performs no services, performs services at a different place of employment than such principal place of employment, or performs services at such principal place of employment before significant operations have resumed. (3) C
ERTAIN RULES TO APPLY .—For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to the rules of sections 51(i)(1) and 52, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall apply. (4) E
MPLOYEE NOT TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT  
MORE THAN ONCE .—An employee shall not be treated as an eligible employee for purposes of this subsection for any period with respect to any employer if such employer is allowed a credit under subsection (a) or (b), or sec-tion 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, with respect to such employee for such pe-riod. 
SEC. 504. ADDITIONAL DISASTER-RELATED TAX RELIEF PROVISIONS. 
(a) T EMPORARY SUSPENSION OF LIMITATIONS  
ONCHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in paragraph (2), subsection (b) of sec-tion 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to qualified contributions and such contributions shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying sub-sections (b) and (d) of such section to other contributions. (2) T
REATMENT OF EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS .— For purposes of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— (A) I
NDIVIDUALS .—In the case of an indi-vidual— (i) L
IMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not ex-ceed the excess of the taxpayer’s contribu-tion base (as defined in subparagraph (G) of section 170(b)(1) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under section 170(b)(1) of such Code. (ii) C
ARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of qualified contributions made in the con-tribution year (within the meaning of sec-tion 170(d)(1) of such Code) exceeds the limi-tation of clause (i), such excess shall be added to the excess described in the portion of subparagraph (A) of such section which precedes clause (i) thereof for purposes of ap-plying such section. (B) C
ORPORATIONS .—In the case of a cor-poration— (i) L
IMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not ex-ceed the excess of the taxpayer’s taxable in-come (as determined under paragraph (2) of section 170(b) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under such paragraph. (ii) C
ARRYOVER .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall apply for pur-poses of this subparagraph. (3) E
XCEPTION TO OVERALL LIMITATION ON  
ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS .—So much of any de-duction allowed under section 170 of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 as does not ex-ceed the qualified contributions paid during the taxable year shall not be treated as an itemized deduction for purposes of section 68 of such Code. (4) Q
UALIFIED CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualified contribution’’ means any charitable contribution (as de-fined in section 170(c) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986) if— (i) such contribution— (I) is paid during the period beginning on August 23, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2017, in cash to an organization described in section 170(b)(1)(A) of such Code, and (II) is made for relief efforts in the Hurri-cane Harvey disaster area, the Hurricane Irma disaster area, or the Hurricane Maria disaster area, (ii) the taxpayer obtains from such organi-zation contemporaneous written acknowl-edgment (within the meaning of section 170(f)(8) of such Code) that such contribution was used (or is to be used) for relief efforts described in clause (i)(II), and (iii) the taxpayer has elected the applica-tion of this subsection with respect to such contribution. (B) E
XCEPTION .—Such term shall not in-clude a contribution by a donor if the con-tribution is— (i) to an organization described in section 509(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or (ii) for the establishment of a new, or maintenance of an existing, donor advised fund (as defined in section 4966(d)(2) of such Code). (C) A
PPLICATION OF ELECTION TO PARTNER -
SHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation, the election under subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be made separately by each partner or shareholder. (b) SPECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED DIS-
ASTER -RELATED PERSONAL CASUALTY  L
OSSES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross in-come of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be in-creased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduc-tion as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) N
ET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disaster-re-lated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) Q
UALIFIED DISASTER -RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this sub-section, the term ‘‘qualified disaster-related personal casualty losses’’ means losses de-scribed in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— (A) which arise in the Hurricane Harvey disaster area on or after August 23, 2017, and which are attributable to Hurricane Harvey, (B) which arise in the Hurricane Irma dis-aster area on or after September 4, 2017, and which are attributable to Hurricane Irma, or (C) which arise in the Hurricane Maria dis-aster area on or after September 16, 2017, and which are attributable to Hurricane Maria. (c) S
PECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINING EARNED  I
NCOME .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified individual, if the earned income of the tax-payer for the taxable year which includes the applicable date is less than the earned in-come of the taxpayer for the preceding tax-able year, the credits allowed under sections 24(d) and 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may, at the election of the taxpayer, be determined by substituting— (A) such earned income for the preceding taxable year, for (B) such earned income for the taxable year which includes the applicable date. In the case of a resident of Puerto Rico de-termining the credit allowed under section 24(d)(1)(B)(ii) of such Code, the preceding sentence shall be applied by substituting ‘‘social security taxes (as defined in section 24(d)(2)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)’’ for ‘‘earned income’’ each place it ap-pears. (2) Q
UALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘qualified indi-vidual’’ means any qualified Hurricane Har-vey individual, any qualified Hurricane Irma individual, and any qualified Hurricane Maria individual. (B) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE HARVEY INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘qualified Hurricane Har-vey individual’’ means any individual whose principal place of abode on August 23, 2017, was located— (i) in the Hurricane Harvey disaster zone, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7463 September 25, 2017 
(ii) in the Hurricane Harvey disaster area (but outside the Hurricane Harvey disaster zone) and such individual was displaced from such principal place of abode by reason of Hurricane Harvey. (C) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE IRMA INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘qualified Hurricane Irma individual’’ means any individual (other than a qualified Hurricane Harvey in-dividual) whose principal place of abode on September 4, 2017, was located— (i) in the Hurricane Irma disaster zone, or (ii) in the Hurricane Irma disaster area (but outside the Hurricane Irma disaster zone) and such individual was displaced from such principal place of abode by reason of Hurricane Irma. (D) Q
UALIFIED HURRICANE MARIA INDI -
VIDUAL .—The term ‘‘qualified Hurricane Maria individual’’ means any individual (other than a qualified Hurricane Harvey in-dividual or a qualified Hurricane Irma indi-vidual) whose principal place of abode on September 16, 2017, was located— (i) in the Hurricane Maria disaster zone, or (ii) in the Hurricane Maria disaster area (but outside the Hurricane Maria disaster zone) and such individual was displaced from such principal place of abode by reason of Hurricane Maria. (3) A
PPLICABLE DATE .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘applicable date’’ means— (A) in the case of a qualified Hurricane Harvey individual, August 23, 2017, (B) in the case of a qualified Hurricane Irma individual, September 4, 2017, and (C) in the case of a qualified Hurricane Maria individual, September 16, 2017. (4) E
ARNED INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘earned income’’ has the meaning given such term under section 32(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (5) S
PECIAL RULES .— (A) A
PPLICATION TO JOINT RETURNS .—For purposes of paragraph (1), in the case of a joint return for a taxable year which in-cludes the applicable date— (i) such paragraph shall apply if either spouse is a qualified individual, and (ii) the earned income of the taxpayer for the preceding taxable year shall be the sum of the earned income of each spouse for such preceding taxable year. (B) U
NIFORM APPLICATION OF ELECTION .— Any election made under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to both sections 24(d) and section 32, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) E
RRORS TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL  
ERROR .—For purposes of section 6213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, an incorrect use on a return of earned income pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be treated as a mathe-matical or clerical error. (D) N
O EFFECT ON DETERMINATION OF GROSS  
INCOME , ETC.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied without regard to any substitution under paragraph (1). (d) A
PPLICATION OF DISASTER -RELATED TAX R
ELIEF TO POSSESSIONS OF THE UNITED  S
TATES .— (1) P
AYMENTS TO POSSESSIONS .—The Sec- retary of the Treasury shall pay to each pos-session of the United States with a mirror code tax system amounts equal to the loss in revenues to that possession by reason of sub-section (c). Such amounts shall be deter-mined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on information provided by the gov-ernment of the respective possession. (2) D
EFINITION AND SPECIAL RULES .— (A) M
IRROR CODE TAX SYSTEM .—For pur- poses of this subsection, the term ‘‘mirror code tax system’’ means, with respect to any possession of the United States, the income tax system of such possession if the income tax liability of the residents of such posses-sion under such system is determined by ref-erence to the income tax laws of the United States as if such possession were the United States. (B) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—For pur- poses of section 1324 of title 31, United States Code, the payments under this subsection shall be treated in the same manner as a re-fund due from a credit provision referred to in subsection (b)(2) of such section. (C) C
OORDINATION WITH UNITED STATES IN -
COME TAXES .—In the case of any person with respect to whom a tax benefit is taken into account with respect to the taxes imposed by any possession of the United States by rea-son of this title, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied with respect to such person without regard to the provisions of this title which provide such benefit. 
SEC. 505. BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
(a) E MERGENCY DESIGNATION .—This title is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). (b) D
ESIGNATION IN SENATE .—In the Senate, this title is designated as an emergency re-quirement pursuant to section 403(a) of S. Con. Res. 13 (111th Congress), the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2010. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) and the gen-tleman from Massachusetts (Mr. N
EAL) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. b1700 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and include extraneous material on the bill currently under consider-ation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, since Hurricane Irma hit south Florida earlier this month, my staff and I have been on the ground in the Florida Keys and South Dade helping our district with immediate re-covery efforts and listening to what our constituents need going forward. In the lower and middle Florida Keys, it is hard to find someone who hasn’t been affected financially by this storm’s devastation. From restaurant workers who have been without a pay-check to fishermen whose boats or traps were damaged, small businesses and the families that depend on them are really struggling. In South Dade, crops and agricul-tural structures critical to daily oper-ations were devastated by wind. Some small farms that were already strug-gling to make ends meet have now ex-hausted their cash on hand to pay for cleanup, leaving them little to pay workers or keep up with their planting schedule. Mr. Speaker, my district and similar communities throughout Florida, Lou-isiana, Texas, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands need relief, and this bill is a great start. Through the business tax credit for wages, small-business owners like Owen, a lobster and crab fisherman whose traps in the middle Keys were destroyed by Hurricane Irma, will be able to claim a tax credit for 40 percent of employee wages. That is money Owen can use to get his employees back to work as soon as possible. The bill will also allow taxpayers to refer to earned income from the imme-diately preceding year for purposes of determining the earned income tax credit. That is over 415,000 hurricane survivors in Miami-Dade, and nearly 7,500 in Monroe County, who will be able to keep more of their paycheck when the time comes to pay taxes next year. We are also going to make it easier for individuals and businesses, like farmers struggling in South Dade and fishermen in the Keys, to deduct more of the costs from the extensive prop-erty damage these storms left behind. This legislation would also give any-one struggling with initial recovery immediate access to their retirement savings, without penalties, so they can make ends meet and take care of their families. Lastly, this legislation will lift caps on charitable giving to qualified hurri-cane relief organizations, encouraging more American businesses and individ-uals to continue generously supporting their fellow citizens. Mr. Speaker, Americans in Texas, Florida, Louisiana, the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, and Puerto Rico need Congress to act. My constituents and those in other communities like my district don’t have time to wait. They certainly don’t have time to play political games. The Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 will give them the means to re-cover faster and rebuild their commu-nities better and stronger than before. This tax relief package we are consid-ering deserves bipartisan support from my colleagues. I thank Chairman B
RADY and the Ways and Means Committee for allow-ing me to shape this legislation for the benefit of south Florida residents, espe-cially those in Monroe County who were hardest hit by Hurricane Irma. I hope we can get this done today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I stand in opposition to H.R. 3823, the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act, for one simple reason. This is an anemic response to these disasters, whether they occur on the mainland of the United States or within American pos-sessions. This should have been done on Friday afternoon with the two parties working together. Instead, once again, this was put together by one party, with mini-mal input from our side. These are all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.010 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7464 September 25, 2017 
members of the American family that have been impacted by what has hap-pened with this terrible weather. The chance here for us to work to-gether to make this an expanded pack-age, where we could be talking about a host of opportunities for these folks who have been put in such a precarious situation, is now being missed. There are 90 Members of this Congress who actually voted against direct aid in the past for relief for members of the American family, where we should have taken the position here, clearly: Let’s try to figure out what we can do for a robust tax package, what we can do for immediate aid, and highlight the role that FEMA plays. And I certainly have expressed to Mr. C
URBELO time and again I am there on board. I just think this needs to be more, and I think that is the position that we are offering today. Furthermore, a partisan position had to be taken in terms of many priorities that we should have been consulted on, and even those could have been turned into bipartisan moments. I support the disaster relief that is in this bill, but it is clear that the package is woefully inadequate. I would hope that we could work together on these provisions. The disaster relief package included in this bill does not provide the com-prehensive package of incentives and relief that will drive investment and speed up recovery in the American communities that include Texas, Flor-ida, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico. Without the fix that we want on this side, the effect of lost revenue is going to mean that money is lost that otherwise would be needed for normal operations and the response effort. It is going to take years to adequately re-spond to what has happened and the devastation that these folks are up against. We need to be sitting here, both parties working together, to say: They are all members of the American family. Let’s get it done. I consider this a missed opportunity, and I hope that we can do more in the next few days to get back on track to help them bounce back from these, in-deed, tragedies. We should be sitting down here in the next 48 hours and put-ting together a massive package of re-lief for these States and for these pos-sessions and making sure that they have what is necessary, rather than doing a piecemeal fix on what is sure to be a very tormented time for members of these communities and these States and these possessions. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, briefly, I want to first convey my gratitude to the gentleman from Mas-sachusetts because, indeed, the first day I returned after being back home helping my community recover, the gentleman expressed his disposition to work together. That really meant a lot to me, and I know it meant a lot to all of our colleagues who represent areas that were hit hard by the storm. We should work more closely together. We can always do better. However, let’s not let the perfect be the enemy of the good. The bottom line is that there are a lot of provisions in this legislation that are supported by Members of both par-ties, and there are millions of Ameri-cans who are suffering, especially in south Florida and especially in Puerto Rico that was hit hard by Maria just a few days ago, and they are counting on us to deliver something. We can always do more later, but this is a good pack-age that will help people get back up on their feet. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S HUSTER ), the chairman of the House Committee on Transportation and In-frastructure. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yield-ing me time. I rise today in support of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Ex-tension Act of 2017. This extension provides stability to our aviation system and extends the funding to the FAA over the next 6 months while Congress continues to make progress on a full FAA reauthor-ization bill. This extension is abso-lutely necessary to prevent a shutdown in FAA programs, delays in airport construction projects, and the possible furlough of thousands of FAA employ-ees across the country. I will be the first to admit I am disappointed we have not passed a long-term bill yet. Unfortunately, this is not a new problem for Congress. Between 2007 and 2012, Congress passed 23 extensions be-fore approving a full reauthorization. These short-term stopgaps, while nec-essary, create long-term budget insta-bility, and they contribute to the FAA’s overall inability to effectively manage the modernization of our anti-quated air traffic control system. Congress has passed numerous piece-meal reforms over the years to try to help the FAA act more like a business and efficiently modernize the system. These reforms have not worked, and passing the same kind of reforms again is not going to change the simple fact that the Federal Government is not an innovative, high-tech service business. It is time to face the truth that, without transformational reform, the American people will not get the most modern and efficient air traffic control system that they have been promised and deserve. For too long, we have been trying to manage the symptoms of the problem instead of finding a cure. Thankfully, we now have that cure. H.R. 2997, the 21st Century AIRR Act, and progress is being made every day on this bill to provide long-overdue re-form of the FAA. While we have made progress, I be-lieve we will move this bipartisan bill through the House in the next few weeks. In the meantime, we have to pass this extension today to provide 6 months’ worth of certainty and sta-bility to the FAA, the aviation commu-nity, and the flying public. Without it, starting this Sunday, Oc-tober 1, the FAA programs will face a shutdown, thousands of FAA employ-ees could be furloughed, airport projects across the country will come to a halt, and approximately $40 mil-lion a day in aviation trust fund rev-enue will go uncollected. That is fund-ing for air traffic control, airport de-velopment, and other safety and mod-ernization programs that will never be recovered. I want to remind my colleagues again that the very fact that we have to pass this bill today is one of the many rea-sons we need fundamental, comprehen-sive FAA reform. In order to ensure America remains the world leader in aviation, I look for-ward to bringing the bipartisan 21st Century AIRR Act to the floor in the coming weeks. Until then, I urge my colleagues to support today’s bill. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman B
RADY and Chairman H ENSARLING for their work on this bill, and I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ), a member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, we have a problem here. My record is very, very clear. I am providing assistance to any place in this country. In fact, my record is 100 percent. So I have some credibility to come to the floor to dis-cuss this with my friend from Florida, and I hope he will listen. My heart goes out to those impacted my Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria the past several weeks. I am committed to providing for Federal re-sponse and recovery. I was pleased to support aid to those affected by Harvey and Irma, and I will continue to do so. We urgently need to deliver relief and assistance to those currently impacted by Hurricane Maria in the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico, where the entire island has lost power or many are without water. However, this bill today does not pro-vide that needed relief. Let’s be clear: we in New Jersey are not some Johnny-come-lately on dis-aster tax relief. This is not a question of you got yours and I want mine. We have been working on disaster tax issues since 2012, based, in part, on how we addressed helping victims of Hurri-cane Katrina more than a decade ago. Let me remind you: Hurricane Sandy devastated the northeastern United States in 2012, cost 233 lives, and caused $75 billion in damage. At the time, it was the costliest storm after Hurricane Katrina. While Congress, until then, had rou-tinely provided tax relief to commu-nities in the wake of our worst storms—tax relief, I am talking about—Hurricanes Katrina, Rita, and Wilma, victims of Hurricane Sandy did not receive the same treatment. In fact, we had to wait 3 months. We just 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.038 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7465 September 25, 2017 
did it in 3 days. We seem to have short memories. 179 Republicans in this body and 36 Senators voted against aid to victims of Hurricane Sandy in 2013—that many. And today, those same Members asked us to support not only aid for Hurri-canes Harvey and Irma, but tax relief provisions, which they never even con-sidered after Hurricane Sandy. I was a ‘‘yes’’ vote a week before last for your aid, unequivocally. Why should I take out on your citizens the foolishness that happened in 2013? That would be wrong. And I think you feel the same way, through the Chair. This whole debate smacks of a cer-tain hypocrisy, and I know I am not the first to point it out. In the weeks after Sandy, I worked in a bipartisan manner to draft a tax relief bill that would make permanent the most com-monsense tax relief provisions to take politics out of the equation when it comes to disaster relief. b1715 Over the years, I worked with many of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and from both Chambers of the Capitol. Our bill, the National Disaster Tax Relief Act, led also by Congressman T
OMREEDfrom New York—— The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding addi-tional time. The bill provides tax relief to victims of Hurricane Sandy and puts in place permanent provisions for all disaster areas going forward. I am ready and waiting to debate these provisions and go through reg-ular order. Let’s have hearings, let’s have a markup, let’s have regular order on something that should be as non-controversial as helping those in need. Instead of taking a bipartisan ap-proach, some in the majority have cho-sen to sneak in a few provisions taken from our bill and tack them onto an unrelated aviation bill and apply them to only this year’s hurricane victims, leaving out all of the disaster victims that been have waiting for support over the years. A front-page story in the papers in New Jersey today says people are still not back in their homes from Sandy, 2013. That is not fair. It is not the American way. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again ex-pired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P
ASCRELL ). Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding addi-tional time. The specific provisions Republican leadership put in from our bill include bigger-than-usual property casualty loss deductions, penalty-free retire-ment withdrawals. He may smile, but think about those people who are out of their homes since 2013. That is no laughing matter, Mr. Speaker. An increased threshold for charitable giving, a tax credit for impacted em-ployers, and flexibility in applying for the earned income tax credit and child tax credit. I would note that Puerto Ricans, de-spite being American citizens, are in-eligible for the earned income tax cred-it, and I have a bill to correct this. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, no one was laughing at anything that the gentleman said. We were lis-tening intently. The reason that we are all here is be-cause the people of Florida, the people of Texas, the people of Louisiana, the people of Puerto Rico, and the people of the U.S. Virgin Islands need our help. They were hit in the last few weeks, and they need our help. There are people struggling in all of these communities. Is this bill perfect? No. I have never seen one. Can we do more? Yes. We must do more, but this is an important first step. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HEN-
SARLING ), the distinguished chairman of the House Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding. Mr. Speaker, it is so obvious to all as we have looked in horror on our tele-vision screens to see the devastation of Harvey, Irma, and Maria. There have been lots of tragic stories, harrowing tales of survival. I have been to Houston. I have met with a number of the victims. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you about one tragic story. One tragic story is that there are people who are living in homes that repeatedly flood five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, even twenty times. Something is fundamentally wrong in America and something is fun-damentally dangerous in America when people are living in harm’s way. Many of these people are ready to move. Mr. Speaker, last week I made a com-ment about these repeatedly flooded properties that was clearly inartful. It was not meant to be taken literally, but it was. I regret the comment be-cause it diverted from a very impor-tant point that needs to be made, and the point is this: if we care about our fellow citizens, if we wish to be com-passionate, then Federal aid and Fed-eral policy will help move these people to safer ground. It is time to either help mitigate these homes or to help move these homes. For this small set of properties, we must help. Otherwise, I fear that the fatalities and the economic car-nage will continue. If we simply rebuild the same prop-erties in the same manner, in the same place, and expect a different result, we are not helping our fellow citizens, we are not helping our first responders, and we are certainly not helping the taxpayer. Mr. Speaker, another tragedy of these storms is how many people need-ed flood insurance but didn’t have it. Many of them had no idea that they ac-tually needed it. In Houston, by some reports, 80 percent of the damaged homes didn’t have flood insurance. Why? One of the reasons, Mr. Speaker, is because we have a government monop-oly in flood insurance. Many people don’t understand that flood is not in-cluded in their typical homeowner’s in-surance policy. Many people, unfortu-nately, took false security from living outside the government-designated 100- year flood plain. Many have seen no op-tions. But help is on the way. Bipartisan help is on the way with the Flood In-surance Market Parity and Moderniza-tion Act, known as the Ross-Castor bill. It is a critical piece of legislation to give more people more affordable op-tions for flood insurance. In the small part of the national market where we have competition, particularly in Pennsylvania and in Florida, people are saving hundreds of dollars, if not thousands of dollars, in many cases on their flood insurance premiums. The very respected firm of Millman, which studies insurance matters, said that half of policy owners in Florida, two-thirds in Louisiana, and 75 percent in Texas—my native State—could all save with private flood insurance. Think about it, Mr. Speaker. If we had a real competitive market with multiple companies advertising and selling multiple policies, more people would become educated about the need for flood insurance and have that rolled into their normal homeowner’s policy. This is vital. Mr. Speaker, last year this bill passed this House 419–0. You can’t get any more bipartisan. It recently passed the Financial Services Committee 58–0. If there is one thing that we need to do—and it is urgent that we do it now, with the National Flood Insurance Pro-gram, which is in debt, facing another bailout and an uncertain future, which we must remedy—as folks begin to re-build, let’s get them more affordable flood insurance policies. I appreciate the bill included in this package, and for the sake of all the vic-tims of the hurricanes, I urge its adop-tion. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I think that there is a sufficient opportunity here going forward, as the previous gentle-men has spoken, to discuss the whole issue of flood insurance. I just don’t think this is the moment to be dis-cussing the flood insurance initiatives. Instead, I think that ought to be sub-ject to a full-throttled debate in this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.040 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7466 September 25, 2017 
institution about getting those things done. This is not, I think, the appro-priate forum for accomplishing that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. D
EFAZIO), the ranking member of the Transpor-tation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. D
EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, this is purportedly an absolutely essential ex-tension of authorization for the Fed-eral Aviation Administration to con-tinue to operate after October 1. Unfor-tunately, it has devolved into other issues because it has turned into a Christmas tree on the Republican side of the aisle. We need to reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration. The last time Congress failed to do this—and the ticket tax, which is what pays for air traffic control in America, expired—al-most every airline in America raised their rates 7.5 percent, got a $400 mil-lion windfall, which the government lost, with the exception of two: I un-derstand, Alaska and Spirit. So if we fail to reauthorize, we can expect that that will happen again. Actually, their long-term plan is to privatize the FAA, do away with the ticket tax, reap a $10 billion windfall, and then impose a new per-head fee to use our national airspace, which, by the way, Congress will have nothing to say about that. No elected official will have any authority over what new fees they charge. That is extraordinary. That came out of the Republican side of the Ways and Means Committee. What a bunch of losers. Come on. Give me a break. You are going to allow the airlines to have the authority, a pri-vate corporation, to tax people in America, and then say: Oh, it is not a tax; it is a user fee. It sure feels like a tax to me, and it is going to feel like that to your con-stituents. But when they complain, you will say: Oh, go talk to the private corporation. That is why we are here today, be-cause the chairman of the committee has stubbornly persisted in attempting to privatize the air traffic organization of the United States of America, the most complex, the most efficient, and the safest system in the world. Yes, there are a few reforms that are needed there. Most of them have to do with us. Congress sequesters their money. Even though there is enough money raised in the ticket tax and other taxes to pay for the system, we sequester their money, we shut them down. We do dumb things like that. So I introduced a bill to take care of those problems, to exempt them from sequestration; to exempt them from budget shutdowns; and to require re-forms in their personnel procedures, their policy procedures in terms of ac-quisitions; and to enhance the role of their coordinating committee, which has been doing a great job coordinating between the government and the air-lines and all the people who use the system, not just the commercial air-lines; and authorize funds to rebuild some of the major air traffic control centers, which are falling apart. Instead, the chairman has insisted that we must privatize because Canada did it, which is kind of a tiny fraction of what we are. Then the airlines have this fake group called the Citizens for On Time Flights, who say: 
We have to fly zigzag routes, which are World War II radar. 
No. Actually, we have deployed a sys-tem where you could fly all the planes in America closer together with GPS, but the airlines haven’t bought the equipment, so they are blaming the FAA. That kind of stinks. So that is why we are here today. We have a bill that otherwise is to-tally agreed upon. If we were voting today on an FAA bill to give them a 6- year extension without privatization, with the reforms we need, we would be pressuring the Senate to get something done. Now, the Senate is hung up over whether or not you should have 1,500 hours of experience to sit in the copi-lot’s seat. After the tragic Colgan acci-dent, reforms were adopted that made these requirements. So they are hung up on that. On this side, we are hung up on privatizing the system. So it is sad that we have come to this point today. My hope is that we will move forward soon in the bipartisan tradition of my committee, and we will move an FAA bill and any amendments that are allowed, or any riders or any-thing that is in it will have only to do with aviation, not to do with flood in-surance, not to do with any of all these other miscellaneous things that are being thrown in here today. We are here with the Ways and Means Com-mittee on a bill that should be a trans-portation bill. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. G
RAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise and want to make com-ments actually echoing a lot of the comments that were made already. The gentleman from Massachusetts talked about this needing to be a bipar-tisan bill, and I agree. The gentleman from New Jersey talked about Hurri-cane Sandy tax relief, and I agree. The gentleman from Florida talked about the need to ensure that we are respond-ing quickly and appropriately in re-sponse to the devastating disasters that have affected his State of Florida and the State of Texas. I also support the gentleman from Pennsylvania’s comments regarding a short-term reau-thorization to the FAA so we can con-tinue to move forward on reform. But you may be wondering why, Mr. Speaker, groups like the Association of State Floodplain Managers and the Consumer Federation of America have expressed opposition to this legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I include these letters in the R
ECORD . ASSOCIATION OF STATE  F
LOODPLAIN MANAGERS , INC., September 24, 2017. Re Private flood insurance in H.R. 3823, Dis-aster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017. D
EAR LEADERSHIP OF THE U.S. H OUSE OF  R
EPRESENTATIVES : Early this week, the House will consider legislation promoting development of private flood insurance as part of a bill to reauthorize the FAA for 6 months and provide hurricane tax relief. The bill is scheduled to be taken up under sus-pension this week. ASFPM strongly objects to consideration of private flood outside the reauthorization of the NFIP. The proposed bill does not insert HR 2901 from the 114th Congress as mentioned in press reports, but inserts HR 1422, the Ross-Castor bill from the 115th Congress as Title 4, with provisions that as written could substantially weaken and undermine the critical functioning of the National Flood Insurance Program,. The NFIP not only provides flood insurance, but is a comprehensive flood risk management program. Although we understand the potential ben-efits of more flood insurance options, we point out that the private market has been readily expanding since Biggert-Waters 2012 was passed authorizing private flood insur-ance. ASFPM cannot support authorization for private flood insurance as written in HR 1422. The temporary extension and reauthor-ization of the NFIP expires on 8 Dec 2017, giving Congress ample time to consider the full scope of the NFIP, into which private flood must integrate, without causing irrep-arable damage to the other 3 fundamental elements of this comprehensive flood risk management program. Those are floodplain mapping, implementation of local floodplain ordinances to protect new development, and hazard mitigation grants to reduce damage and loss of life from flooding. ASFPM has stated that three modifica-tions of that HR 1422 language must be made to ensure continuity of the comprehensive flood risk reduction aspects of the NFIP that exist today. A federal policy fee on all NFIP policies pays for almost half the cost of floodplain mapping and all of the costs of floodplain management including technical assistance to over 22,000 communities that have joined the NFIP. Hazard mitigation grants are funded by premium income to the program. None of these functions are pro-vided by private flood insurance policies. Yet private insurance companies acknowl-edge that mapping (i.e. identification of flood risk areas and areas of mandatory pur-chase of flood insurance) and floodplain man-agement (i.e. reduced risk due to local re-quirements for hazard-resistant construc-tion) help them to target their marketing and to price premiums lower where flood-plain ordinances exist. First, private policies must also carry the federal policy user fee to support the map-ping and floodplain management functions. Private flood policy holders, private insur-ance companies, as well as the NFIP and its policy holders, benefit from these functions by identifying at-risk areas, ensuring build-ing construction standards which facilitate lower flood insurance premiums, and tar-geting areas and structures which could ben-efit from mitigation actions leading to lower premiums. As policies migrate to the private sector, millions of dollars in revenue to sup-port those floodplain management and map-ping functions will be lost unless there is an equivalent policy user fee on private poli-cies. Second, private policies to satisfy the man-datory purchase requirement for properties in floodplains must only be sold in commu-nities that participate in the NFIP (meaning 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.042 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7467 September 25, 2017 
they have adopted floodplain management ordinances to guide safer development). In smaller communities with only a handful of properties required to purchase flood insur-ance, if that requirement can be met with private policies, those communities may drop out of the NFIP and no longer maintain floodplain management ordinances to reduce future losses. This could result in lack of abililty to reduce future flood losses and in taxpayers picking up disaster costs. Third, several provisions of the existing definition of private flood insurance must be retained. The Biggert-Waters 2012 legislation (42 USC 4012a(b)(7)) defines private flood in-surance, among other things, as providing coverage ‘‘at least as broad as’’ that provided by the NFIP. The language provides con-sumer protections to ensure policies would not have excessive deductibles, exclusions, or eliminate some essential coverages like Increased Cost of Compliance, which pro-vides assistance to policyholders to rebuild in a manner that reduces flood damage in the future. Without these important provi-sions in place, policyholders could face unaffordable deductibles when they have a claim; communities would find it much hard-er to help homeowners become eligible for mitigation funding; and there would be a greater chance that claim payments would not be applied to building repairs resulting in increased community blight. ASFPM fur-ther notes that with this language in place, the private market has already been grow-ing. The private flood insurance bill strikes this language. The nation’s floodplain managers strongly urge adoption of these elements if private flood language is added to the House NFIP reauthorization bill. This would preserve the flood risk mapping and floodplain manage-ment functions that the NFIP provides and would protect consumers from purchasing low-cost policies that provide less than ade-quate coverage and/or higher deductibles they could not pay. This would not happen if insureds had an NFIP policy. The Association of State Floodplain Man-agers (ASFPM) and its 36 chapters represent more than 17,000 state and local officials, as well as other professionals engaged in all as-pects of floodplain management and flood hazard mitigation including management of local floodplain ordinances, flood risk map-ping, engineering, planning, community de-velopment, hydrology, forecasting, emer-gency response, water resources development and flood insurance. All ASFPM members are concerned with reducing our nation’s flood-related losses. Again we urge you to oppose inclusion of these ill-advised private flood provisions out-side of the context of comprehensive NFIP reauthorization legislation. The suspension package makes it impossible to properly ad-dress these issues. Thank you for seriously considering these recommendations from the Association of State Floodplain Managers. Very sincerely, C
HADBERGINNIS , ASFPM Executive Director. 
CONSUMER FEDERATION OF AMERICA , September 25, 2017. Re Oppose adding flood insurance provisions of H.R. 1422 to the FAA extension bill. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE : Today, the House will consider legislation promoting develop-ment of private flood insurance as part of a bill to reauthorize the FAA for six months and provide hurricane tax relief. The bill is scheduled to be taken up under suspension this week. CFA strongly objects to consider-ation of private flood insurance outside the reauthorization of the National Flood Insur-ance Program (NFIP). The proposed bill does not include H.R. 2901 from the 114th Congress as mentioned in press reports, but rather, in-cludes H.R. 1422, the Ross-Castor bill from the 115th Congress as Title 4, with provisions that as written could substantially weaken and undermine the critical functioning of the NFIP. We oppose the inclusion of H.R. 1422 for nu-merous reasons: First, several provisions of the existing definition of private flood insurance must be retained. The Biggert-Waters 2012 legislation (42 USC 4012a(b)(7)) defines private flood in-surance, among other things, as providing coverage ‘‘at least as broad as’’ that provided by the NFIP. The language provides con-sumer protections to ensure policies would not have excessive deductibles, exclusions, or eliminate some essential coverages like ‘‘increased cost of compliance,’’ which pro-vides assistance to policyholders to rebuild in a manner that reduces flood damage in the future. Without these important con-sumer protective provisions in place, policy-holders could face unaffordable deductibles when they have a claim; communities would find it much harder to help homeowners be-come eligible for mitigation funding; and there would be a greater chance that claim payments would not be applied to building repairs resulting in increased community blight. The Association of State Floodplain Managers (ASFPM) further notes that with this language in place, the private market has already been growing. The private flood insurance bill strikes this language which significantly eliminates important consumer protections. Second, the 45 day notice of cancellation provision must be maintained or private in-surers could cancel coverage when a storm is approaching and not leave consumers with enough time to get NFIP coverage, which has a 30-day waiting period for coverage at-tachment. H.R. 1422 as included in this bill problematically removes this notice provi-sion. Third, surplus line insurers should not be authorized to sell flood insurance since they are not covered by state guarantee funds should they fail after a big storm, and they are not regulated by the states and should not be allowed to offer flood insurance unless the policy provisions are at least equal to the NFIP coverage and the Federal Emer-gency Management Agency (FEMA) is given some authority to regulate claims practices. H.R. 1422, as included in this bill, permits surplus line insurers to sell flood insurance, placing consumers at risk. Fourth, private policies must also carry the federal policy user fee to support the mapping and floodplain management func-tions. Private flood policy holders, private insurance companies, as well as the NFIP and its policy holders, benefit from these functions by identifying at-risk areas, ensur-ing building construction standards which facilitate lower flood insurance premiums, and targeting areas and structures which could benefit from mitigation actions lead-ing to lower premiums. As policies migrate to the private sector, millions of dollars in revenue to support those floodplain manage-ment and mapping functions will be lost un-less there is an equivalent policy user fee on private policies. H.R. 1422 would diminish flood mapping resources and increase risk to consumers. Fifth, private policies to satisfy the man-datory purchase requirement for properties in floodplains must only be sold in commu-nities that participate in the NFIP (meaning they have adopted floodplain management ordinances to guide safer development). In smaller communities with only a handful of properties required to purchase flood insur-ance, if that requirement can be met with private policies, those communities may drop out of the NFIP and no longer maintain floodplain management ordinances to reduce future losses. This could result in a lack of ability to reduce future flood losses and in taxpayers picking up disaster costs. We strongly urge you to oppose the inclu-sion of H.R. 1422 in the FAA extension bill. Sincerely, J. ROBERT HUNTER , Director of Insurances. 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, extraneous provisions on flood insurance that should not be pasted into this legislation were in-cluded. These provisions actually un-dermine the very solvency of the pro-gram. They are establishing a private market at a time when the National Flood Insurance Program—the Federal program—is going to need the re-sources to pay claims. Establishing a private market within 60 days is going to divert resources from the Federal program to private insurers. It is going to divert these dollars to where they don’t have the resources to make the payments. Private insurance companies are al-ready involved in flood insurance, and once we authorize them to step into these markets, they are going to be able to cherry-pick low- and moderate- risk policies, leaving the National Flood Insurance Program with only high-risk policies, leaving them with the burden of flood mapping and leav-ing them with the burden of a $24.6 bil-lion debt. I don’t understand how the program is going to have the resources to pay the claims it underwrites. Next, Mr. Speaker, one of the other big problems we have is that this shows floods in Texas, floods in Louisiana, and gutting homes in Louisiana here and in Texas there. b1730 These were both 1,000-year flood events. I don’t understand the dif-ference on why we choose these folks get tax relief and these don’t. We intro-duced nearly identical legislation to address this. We shouldn’t be discriminating against folks in New Jersey and New York and Louisiana in exchange for the others. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. S
HUSTER ). Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. C
URBELO for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I just heard the ranking member get on the floor and call me stubborn. I am pretty committed to what we are doing here because this week will be the second year anniver-sary of this quote by the ranking mem-ber in debate on the floor on H.R. 3614. ‘‘The FAA is the only agency in gov-ernment worse at procurement than the Pentagon. Congress has tried to re-form it; it didn’t stick. We have got to try something different to get it more agile, to give us the 21st century equip-ment and software that we need.’’ That is exactly what we are trying to do in the 21st Century AIRR Act. We 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.016 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7468 September 25, 2017 
have tried for the last 40 years to get it modernized. We spent somewhere around 40 to $50 billion, and we haven’t been able to get it done. This is a true transformational reform. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. D
ENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I support the 21st Century AIRR Act, H.R. 2997. This is something that needs to get done. We need to solve our problems for America’s airlines and our passengers who are traveling across the country. This is a short-term extension, but we have got to get our job done. As well, we have got to get our job done on teaching hospitals. While we con-tinue to debate the healthcare of this Nation, we have got areas like mine that have a lack of access. If you can’t see a doctor today, you have no healthcare. I think it is important that our Teaching Health Center Graduate Med-ical Education program gets extended long term. We have a bill to do that. Just expanding it 3 months, if you are graduating from medical school right now, you want to be able to have the certainty that you are going to have a residency program long term. I support this extension, but we have got to do a lot more. It is time for both Houses to come together. More impor-tantly, it is time for both parties to come together to solve our issues for the FAA, for modernization, making sure that we actually have an aviation system that works. It is ridiculous that I can look at the Waze app on my phone, yet we have got the airlines get-ting stalled across the entire country. We can do better. We have got to come together to do that. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me reassure the gen-tleman from California that when you talk about graduate medical education, believe me, in Massachusetts, we are for graduate medical education. Be as-sured of that. Mr. Speaker, in closing, let me say that we all support reauthorization of the FAA. What has happened here again is a breakdown in the conversa-tion that used to meld this institution together. There was a chance on Friday for Re-publicans to consult with us in the mi-nority, put together a bipartisan pack-age of many very important provisions that are important to Mr. C
URBELO , important to certainly Texas, impor-tant to the Virgin Islands. It is cer-tainly important to Puerto Rico. Let me give you a quick example of how this institution used to work. We used to call this the national principle. The national principle essentially said if there was an earthquake in Cali-fornia, we all rose to the support of California. If there were forest fires in Alabama, which there were, we would all come to the aid of the people of Ala-bama. If there was a horrific, torrential downpour in Texas, we simply said: We don’t ask if it is a red State or a blue State, or if they are Libertarians or Socialists or Democrats or Repub-licans. We said: They are members of the American family. We said: Do what has to be done and then send us the bill. We believe that there will be ample opportunity to debate and dis-cuss the size of the portionality at that moment. Instead, where we had this oppor-tunity right here to provide a robust package to the people of the Virgin Is-lands, Puerto Rico, Florida, and Texas, we decide to come back with an anemic proposal. We are coming up short on our re-sponsibility. We had a tornado in my hometown 5 years ago. Those Federal employees did a spectacular job every-where in eight communities, and no-body said: Too much government. They said: Let’s fix this for, again, the American family to get this straight-ened out. I have said to Mr. CURBELO , and I will repeat it, we will put up 195 Democrats immediately for a bigger package for the people of Florida, Texas, the Virgin Islands, and Puerto Rico, not to piece-meal this together. By the way, let me use this oppor-tunity, Mr. Speaker, for those of us from the Northeast, the idea that 90 Members of this institution voted against direct relief just a couple of weeks ago looking for a pay-for, I won-der if they are going to use that same application of consistency when we get to the tax proposals that are about to consume our time. We want to provide adequate relief to these families and the communities that need it. We could do this in the next 48 hours without any problem whatsoever. Mr. Speaker, at this time, because this is not big enough and not sup-portive enough of the American family, I am going to urge my colleagues to op-pose this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chair-man B
RADY and the Ways and Means Committee staff for their work on this legislation. It has been a tough couple weeks in the State of Florida, espe-cially down in my community. Again, I want to thank my colleague from Mas-sachusetts, Mr. N
EAL. As I said earlier, when I came back here, the first con-versation we had was about helping south Florida, and he said he was will-ing and certainly able to do it. Here today, we are trying to take that first step to help the people of Florida, to help the people of Texas, of Louisiana, of the Virgin Islands, of Puerto Rico. But as often happens in the House, if something isn’t perfect, then we get nothing. That is wrong. That is wrong, because there are people out there who need the help, people who don’t have a roof, people who don’t have a home, people who have been without power. I visited the Marathon Emergency Operations Center, Mr. Speaker. It was replete with people buzzing, everyone working hard, full of energy, even though they hadn’t slept in days. The emergency operations manager there told me that a third of the employees there who were helping their fellow residents, conchs in the Florida Keys, had lost their homes. This is about them, and we can help improve their lives today, and we can work together to do more later, and we should. But why should the perfect be the enemy of the good? Why, when we have the opportunity to help people, because some think we should be doing even more, we are going to give them absolutely nothing? I think that is a major mistake, and it sends the wrong message. Throughout this debate, we have seen everything from posturing to name calling, and we wonder why so many Americans reject this institution and are disappointed by it. We have to do better, and we can do better. It would send a strong message if we all voted for this legislation to take this first step to helping the people of the Flor-ida Keys, of south Florida, of Texas, of Louisiana, of the U.S. Virgin Islands, of Puerto Rico, help them get back up on their feet. Mr. Speaker, this is very important, and on behalf of my community and a lot of people who have, quite frankly, lost their lives, I ask all of my col-leagues to join together and to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the funding authorization for the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) is cur-rently set to expire on Saturday, September 30. The FAA depends heavily on reliable and long-term funding provided through the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and the spending lev-els set in a corresponding authorization bill. This consistent and reliable funding is the mainstay of the FAA’s success in managing the safest and most complex airspace in the world. Absent access to this funding through a long-term authorization for FAA programs, we are threatening the safety, reliability, and ef-fectiveness of our airspace. Sadly, Congress is yet again backed into a corner of taking up a short-term, six-month measure that would extend this funding au-thorization through March 31, 2018. This is simply unacceptable. Congress needs to pass a long-term authorization bill so that the FAA can focus on the important tasks of maintain-ing public safety, staffing air traffic controllers, and bolstering our airport infrastructure through the timely distribution of Airport Im-provement Program (AIP) dollars. A six-month extension poses new challenges for each of these important aspects of managing our air-space. The extension being debated today also adds several extraneous provisions that run counter to regular order in the House and threatens the success of passing an ever-im-portant reauthorization. The bill selectively ex-tends the authorization for certain public health programs, while leaving out other crit-ical programs such as the State Children’s 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.045 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7469 September 25, 2017 
Health Insurance Program (CHIP). The bill also includes language that would encourage the creation of private flood insurance mar-kets, while stripping important consumer pro-tections such as the 45 day of cancellation provision that prevents private insurers from cancelling cover Just moments before a dev-astating storm. Mr. Speaker, allow me to be clear: I sup-pose a clean, long-term reauthorization of the FAA’s funding authority. However, the under-lying bill not only includes a host of extra-neous provisions that I could not support, but it was done so without the input of me or any of my Democratic colleagues. If Republicans are serious about maintaining the safest and most complex airspace in the world, they will pass a clean reauthorization that authorizes FAA programs for several years, not several months. We cannot politicize this issue with provisions related to healthcare, or flood insur-ance, or privatizing our air traffic control serv-ices. It is far too important and time is quickly running out. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. C
URBELO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3823. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, two-thirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I de-mand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this motion will be post-poned. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS EXPIRING AUTHORITIES ACT OF 2017 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3819) to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3819 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Expir-ing Authorities Act of 2017’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. References to title 38, United States Code. Sec. 3. Scoring of budgetary effects. TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HEALTH CARE Sec. 101. Extension of authority for collec-tion of copayments for hospital care and nursing home care. Sec. 102. Extension of requirement to pro-vide nursing home care to cer-tain veterans with service-con-nected disabilities. Sec. 103. Extension of authorization of ap-propriations for assistance and support services for caregivers. Sec. 104. Extension of authority for recovery from third parties of cost of care and services furnished to veterans with health-plan con-tracts for non-service-con-nected disability. Sec. 105. Extension of authority for pilot program on assistance for child care for certain veterans receiv-ing health care. Sec. 106. Extension of authority to make grants to veterans service orga-nizations for transportation of highly rural veterans. Sec. 107. Extension of pilot program on com-munity-based brain injury re-habilitative care services for veterans with traumatic brain injury. Sec. 108. Extension of authority for pilot program on counseling in re-treat settings for women vet-erans newly separated from service. Sec. 109. Extension of temporary expansion of payments and allowances for beneficiary travel in connection with veterans receiving care from Vet Centers. TITLE II—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO BENEFITS Sec. 201. Extension of authority for calcu-lating net value of real prop-erty at time of foreclosure. Sec. 202. Extension of authority relating to vendee loans. Sec. 203. Extension of authority to provide rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of the Armed Forces with severe inju-ries or illnesses. TITLE III—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HOMELESS VETERANS Sec. 301. Extension of authority for home-less veterans reintegration pro-grams. Sec. 302. Extension of authority for home-less women veterans and home-less veterans with children re-integration program. Sec. 303. Extension of authority for referral and counseling services for vet-erans at risk of homelessness transitioning from certain in-stitutions. Sec. 304. Extension and modification of au-thority to provide financial as-sistance for supportive services for very low-income veteran families in permanent housing. Sec. 305. Extension of authority for grant program for homeless veterans with special needs. Sec. 306. Extension of authority for the Ad-visory Committee on Homeless Veterans. Sec. 307. Extension of authority for treat-ment and rehabilitation serv-ices for seriously mentally ill and homeless veterans. TITLE IV—OTHER EXTENSIONS AND MODIFICATIONS OF AUTHORITY AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 401. Extension of authority for trans-portation of individuals to and from Department facilities. Sec. 402. Extension of authority for oper-ation of the Department of Vet-erans Affairs regional office in Manila, the Republic of the Philippines. Sec. 403. Extension of authority for monthly assistance allowances under the Office of National Veterans Sports Programs and Special Events. Sec. 404. Extension of requirement to pro-vide reports to Congress regard-ing equitable relief in the case of administrative error. Sec. 405. Extension of authorization of ap-propriations for adaptive sports programs for disabled veterans and members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 406. Extension of authority for Advi-sory Committee on Minority Veterans. Sec. 407. Extension of authority for tem-porary expansion of eligibility for specially adapted housing assistance for certain veterans with disabilities causing dif-ficulty ambulating. Sec. 408. Extension of authority for specially adapted housing assistive tech-nology grant program. Sec. 409. Extension of authority to guar-antee payment of principal and interest on certificates or other securities. Sec. 410. Extension of authority to enter into agreement with the Na-tional Academy of Sciences re-garding associations between diseases and exposure to dioxin and other chemical compounds in herbicides. Sec. 411. Modifications of reductions of re-porting fee multipliers. TITLE V—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS Sec. 501. Technical corrections to Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017. SEC. 2. REFERENCES TO TITLE 38, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. 3. SCORING OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010, shall be deter-mined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legisla-tion’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the House Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. TITLE I—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HEALTH CARE 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR COL-LECTION OF COPAYMENTS FOR HOS-PITAL CARE AND NURSING HOME CARE. 
Section 1710(f)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-VIDE NURSING HOME CARE TO CER-TAIN VETERANS WITH SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITIES. 
Section 1710A(d) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 103. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR ASSISTANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR CARE-GIVERS. 
Section 1720G(e) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) $839,828,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.025 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7470 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR RECOV-ERY FROM THIRD PARTIES OF COST OF CARE AND SERVICES FURNISHED TO VETERANS WITH HEALTH-PLAN CONTRACTS FOR NON-SERVICE-CON-NECTED DISABILITY. 
Section 1729(a)(2)(E) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Oc-tober 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON ASSISTANCE FOR CHILD CARE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS RECEIVING HEALTH CARE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (e) of section 205 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 163; 124 Stat. 1144; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (h) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, 2018, and 2019’’. 
SEC. 106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO MAKE GRANTS TO VETERANS SERVICE OR-GANIZATIONS FOR TRANSPOR-TATION OF HIGHLY RURAL VET-ERANS. 
Section 307(d) of the Caregivers and Vet-erans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1154; 38 U.S.C. 1710 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 107. EXTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAM ON COMMUNITY-BASED BRAIN INJURY REHABILITATIVE CARE SERVICES FOR VETERANS WITH TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (g) of section 1705 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 38 U.S.C. 1710C note) is amended by striking ‘‘October 6, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 6, 2018’’. (b) F
INAL REPORT SUBMITTAL DATE.—Sub- section (e)(2)(A) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘60 days after the completion of the pilot program’’ and inserting ‘‘December 6, 2017’’. (c) N
OTIFICATION TO PARTICIPANTS IN PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than December 6, 2017, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify veterans participating in the pilot program under such section regarding a plan for tran-sition of care for such veterans. 
SEC. 108. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON COUNSELING IN RE-TREAT SETTINGS FOR WOMEN VET-ERANS NEWLY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (d) of section 203 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111– 163; 124 Stat. 1143; 38 U.S.C. 1712A note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. (b) R
EPORT SUBMITTAL DATE.—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘180 days after the completion of the pilot program’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘and 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, 2018, and 2019’’. 
SEC. 109. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY EXPAN-SION OF PAYMENTS AND ALLOW-ANCES FOR BENEFICIARY TRAVEL IN CONNECTION WITH VETERANS RECEIVING CARE FROM VET CEN-TERS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 104 of the Honoring America’s Veterans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 126 Stat. 1169) is amended by striking ‘‘a three-year initia-tive’’ and inserting ‘‘an initiative, to run through September 30, 2018,’’. (b) R
EPORT SUBMITTAL DATE.—Subsection (b)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘180 days after the date of the completion of the initiative’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2018’’. TITLE II—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO BENEFITS SEC. 201. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR CALCU-LATING NET VALUE OF REAL PROP-ERTY AT TIME OF FORECLOSURE. 
Section 3732(c)(11) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO VENDEE LOANS. 
Section 3733(a)(7) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018,’’. 
SEC. 203. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PRO-VIDE REHABILITATION AND VOCA-TIONAL BENEFITS TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WITH SEVERE INJURIES OR ILLNESSES. 
Section 1631(b)(2) of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 458; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. TITLE III—EXTENSIONS OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO HOMELESS VETERANS 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-LESS VETERANS REINTEGRATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 2021(e)(1)(F) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 302. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR HOME-LESS WOMEN VETERANS AND HOME-LESS VETERANS WITH CHILDREN REINTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 2021A(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 303. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR REFER-RAL AND COUNSELING SERVICES FOR VETERANS AT RISK OF HOME-LESSNESS TRANSITIONING FROM CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 2023(d) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 304. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AU-THORITY TO PROVIDE FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE FOR SUPPORTIVE SERVICES FOR VERY LOW-INCOME VETERAN FAMILIES IN PERMANENT HOUSING. 
Section 2044(e)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) $320,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019.’’. 
SEC. 305. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR GRANT PROGRAM FOR HOMELESS VET-ERANS WITH SPECIAL NEEDS. 
Section 2061(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 306. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR THE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON HOME-LESS VETERANS. 
Section 2066(d) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 307. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TREAT-MENT AND REHABILITATION SERV-ICES FOR SERIOUSLY MENTALLY ILL AND HOMELESS VETERANS. 
(a) G ENERAL TREATMENT .—Section 2031(b) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL SERVICES AT CERTAIN LOCA-
TIONS .—Section 2033(d) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’. TITLE IV—OTHER EXTENSIONS AND MODI-FICATIONS OF AUTHORITY AND OTHER MATTERS SEC. 401. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TRANS-PORTATION OF INDIVIDUALS TO AND FROM DEPARTMENT FACILI-TIES. 
Section 111A(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 402. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR OPER-ATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS REGIONAL OF-FICE IN MANILA, THE REPUBLIC OF THE PHILIPPINES. 
Section 315(b) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 403. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR MONTHLY ASSISTANCE ALLOW-ANCES UNDER THE OFFICE OF NA-TIONAL VETERANS SPORTS PRO-GRAMS AND SPECIAL EVENTS. 
Section 322(d)(4) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 404. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT TO PRO-VIDE REPORTS TO CONGRESS RE-GARDING EQUITABLE RELIEF IN THE CASE OF ADMINISTRATIVE ERROR. 
Section 503(c) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF AP-PROPRIATIONS FOR ADAPTIVE SPORTS PROGRAMS FOR DISABLED VETERANS AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 521A is amended— (1) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (2) in subsection (l), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
SEC. 406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR ADVI-SORY COMMITTEE ON MINORITY VETERANS. 
Section 544(e) is amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 407. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR TEM-PORARY EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR SPECIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN VET-ERANS WITH DISABILITIES CAUSING DIFFICULTY AMBULATING. 
Section 2101(a)(4) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
SEC. 408. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR SPE-CIALLY ADAPTED HOUSING ASSIST-IVE TECHNOLOGY GRANT PROGRAM. 
Section 2108(g) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 409. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO GUAR-ANTEE PAYMENT OF PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST ON CERTIFICATES OR OTHER SECURITIES. 
Section 3720(h)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 410. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREEMENT WITH THE NA-TIONAL ACADEMY OF SCIENCES RE-GARDING ASSOCIATIONS BETWEEN DISEASES AND EXPOSURE TO DIOXIN AND OTHER CHEMICAL COM-POUNDS IN HERBICIDES. 
Section 3(i) of the Agent Orange Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–4; 38 U.S.C. 1116 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. 
SEC. 411. MODIFICATIONS OF REDUCTIONS OF REPORTING FEE MULTIPLIERS. 
(a) T HROUGH JULY31, 2018.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 412 of the Jeff Miller and Richard Blumenthal Veterans 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.013 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7471 September 25, 2017 
Health Care and Benefits Improvement Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–315; 38 U.S.C. 3684 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 25, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘July 31, 2018’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The heading for subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘S
EPTEMBER 25, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘J
ULY31, 2018’’. (b) A
UGUST 1, 2018, T HROUGH JULY31, 2020.— During the period beginning on August 1, 2018, and ending on July 31, 2020, section 3684(c)(2) of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 304 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48) shall be ap-plied by substituting ‘‘$15’’ for ‘‘$16’’. TITLE V—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 501. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO HARRY W. COLMERY VETERANS EDU-CATIONAL ASSISTANCE ACT OF 2017. 
(a) U SE OF STATE APPROVING AGENCIES FOR  O
VERSIGHT ACTIVITIES .—Section 3673(d) is amended by inserting ‘‘compliance and’’ be-fore ‘‘risk-based surveys’’. (b) C
ALCULATION OF MONTHLY HOUSING STI-
PEND UNDER POST-9/11 E DUCATIONAL ASSIST -
ANCE PROGRAM BASED ON LOCATION OF CAM-
PUSWHERE CLASSES AREATTENDED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 3313(g)(3)(A)(ii)(I)(aa) is amended by striking ‘‘the institution at which the individual is enrolled’’ and inserting ‘‘the campus of the institution of where the individual phys-ically participates in a majority of classes’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall apply with re-spect to enrollment for a quarter, semester, or term, as applicable, commencing on or after August 1, 2018. (3) A
DDITIONAL TECHNICAL CORRECTION .— Subsection (b) of section 107 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with re-spect to enrollment for a quarter, semester, or term, as applicable, commencing on or after August 1, 2018.’’. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF MONTHLY HOUSING  S
TIPENDS DURING ACTIVE DUTYSERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (j) of section 3313 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(j) D
ETERMINATION OF MONTHLY HOUSING  S
TIPENDS DURING ACTIVE DUTYSERVICE .—For any month during which an individual who is entitled to a monthly housing stipend under this section is performing active duty serv-ice, the Secretary shall determine the amount of such stipend payable to such indi-vidual for such month on a pro rata basis for the period of such month during which the individual is not performing active duty service.’’. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Such subsection, as amended by paragraph (1), shall apply with respect to a quarter, semester, or term, as applicable, commencing on or after August 1, 2018. (d) S
PECIAL APPLICATION OF SCHOOL CLO-
SURE RULE TO RECENTLY ENROLLED INDIVID -
UALS .—Subparagraph (B) of section 109(c)(1) of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Edu-cational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) S
PECIAL APPLICATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to courses and programs of education discontinued as described in section 3699 of title 38, United States Code, as added by subsection (a)(1), during the period beginning January 1, 2015, and ending on the date of the enactment of this Act, an individual described in clause (ii) who does not transfer credits from such program of education shall be deemed to be an individual who did not receive such cred-its, as described in subsection (b)(2) of such section, except that the period for which such individual’s entitlement is not charged shall be the entire period of the individual’s enrollment in the program of education. In carrying out this subparagraph, the Sec-retary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Education, shall estab-lish procedures to determine whether the in-dividual transferred credits to a comparable course or program of education. ‘‘(ii) INDIVIDUAL DESCRIBED .—An individual described in this clause is an individual who is enrolled in a course or program of edu-cation discontinued as described in clause (i) during the period beginning on the date that is 120 days before the date of such dis-continuance and ending on the date of such discontinuance.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILIRAKIS ) and the gen-tleman from Minnesota (Mr. W
ALZ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to re-vise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3819, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2017. H.R. 3819 would extend a number of authorities impacting veterans’ bene-fits, health, and homeless programs. Swift passage of this legislation today would ensure that many programs that veterans, their caregivers, dependents, and survivors rely on continue. We must continue these programs. Mr. Speaker, the programs include nursing home care, support services for caregivers, transportation, child care assistance, adaptive sports programs, and housing and home loan services, to name just a few. So important. Again, these are not new programs, but they are so very important to our true he-roes. The costs associated with them have been assumed in the House-passed ap-propriations bill for fiscal year 2018 and 2019 advance appropriation. One program that has been extended for just 5 additional months, until Jan-uary 6, 2018, is the assisted living pilot program for veterans with traumatic brain injury. That short extension would allow extra time for the VA to fully transition the veterans currently participating in that program into other existing programs more suitable for their ongoing support and rehabili-tation. H.R. 3819 would also make a number of technical corrections to the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational As-sistance Act of 2017. This bill was drafted by and has full bipartisan support of both the majority and the minority Veterans’ Affairs Committee members of the House and the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 3819 today, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3819, the Department of Vet-erans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2017. I want to thank the gentleman from Florida for his hard work on this, as the entire committee did. H.R. 3819, as the gentleman said, makes sure that some of the vital pro-grams we have in place to provide for our veterans continue past the end of the fiscal year and continue to help our veterans. Included in this bill are provisions re-lated to their healthcare, their bene-fits, homeless veterans, and other re-lated issues. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to support extending programs related to the sup-port for caregivers, childcare for cer-tain veterans receiving healthcare, and the pilot program on counseling in re-treat settings for women veterans newly separated from service. It also has provisions to extend the authority related to rehabilitation and vocational benefits to members of our Armed Forces with severe injuries or illnesses, homeless veterans reintegra-tion programs, homeless women vet-erans, and homeless veterans with chil-dren, and providing housing assistance and counseling to homeless and at-risk veterans. Also included are extensions of au-thority for programs to help disabled veterans as well as authority to enter into agreements with the National Academy of Sciences to review the re-search on links between diseases and dioxin exposure. This is a critical step in creating any new Agent Orange pre-sumptions that still may be there. Both of these provisions are critical in helping our aging Vietnam veterans as well, as we move forward. The final section contains, as the gentleman said, a technical fix to the Forever GI Bill, an important piece of legislation once again crafted in a bi-partisan manner with the help of our veterans service organizations and passed earlier this year. The correction will simply help make VA implement the law correctly, and all sides agree it must become law as quickly as pos-sible. Mr. Speaker, in short, this bill that both the majority and the minority support, we all agree it must be signed into law as soon as possible. Mr. Speaker, with that, I urge my fellow Members to support its passage, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1745 Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. M
AST), a true American hero and a combat veteran. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.013 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7472 September 25, 2017 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague from Florida for the time. Without action from Congress, the authority for the VA Secretary to carry out many essential activities that are critical to helping our vet-erans will expire. I get my healthcare from the VA. I get it alongside a great number of my best friends in life, and I can tell you, my favorite part about going to the VA in West Palm Beach, Florida, is when I meet one of my fellow veterans in the lobby. It might be a veteran from World War II, Korea, Vietnam, the Gulf war, Iraq, or Afghanistan, and the first thing that we do with one another is we jab at one another about the dif-ferent branch that the other person served in: Army, Navy, Marines, Air Force, Coast Guard. But after that, it gets back to the very serious work that we are all at the VA to have completed. The heroic men and women that I have had the honor of fighting along-side have earned—they have earned; that is the most important word, they have earned—the very best care that our country has to offer. But without this immediate action from Congress, veterans could lose those benefits— healthcare, support for the homeless, and many other provisions—and this is absolutely unacceptable. This bill, the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2017, does everything that was already mentioned, which is extremely impor-tant. It extends the number of expiring authorities to include nursing home support, support for our caregivers, support for transportation, childcare assistance, adaptive sports programs, housing and home loan services. This legislation also makes some im-portant technical changes that will aid the VA’s implementation of the For-ever GI Bill, a critical priority for en-suring that as many veterans as pos-sible can use that important program. This is the definition of must-pass legislation. I urge my colleagues to pass this commonsense legislation. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for his strong words, for his commitment and service to this country, and I appreciate his support on this piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. T
AKANO ), my good friend, the vice ranking member of the full Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 3819, which reau-thorizes several essential veterans’ pro-grams that support the men and women who have served our Nation. These programs include assistance and support services for caregivers who so often make profound sacrifices to sup-port their loved ones, grants to our vital veterans service organizations so they can continue providing transpor-tation for rural veterans to help con-nect them with the services they need, and programs to reintegrate homeless veterans which offer opportunities for meaningful employment and address the complex challenges they face. This bill reauthorizes specialized counseling for women veterans. This is particularly important in light of the stunning VA report released this month which showed that female vet-erans are six times more likely to die by suicide than any other women. These programs are fundamental to the well-being of our veterans and their families, and they are a reflection of our gratitude to those who serve. In addition, this legislation makes important technical changes that will allow us to follow through on the promises of the new GI Bill, which we passed unanimously earlier this year. Specifically, H.R. 3819 allows us to cor-rect the perverse incentives that dis-courage veterans from attending local community colleges and universities, which is a provision I worked on with my Republican colleague, Congressman PAULCOOK. It also allows for the restoration of benefits for veterans left stranded by the abrupt closure of for-profit col-leges, which I championed with Repub-lican L
UKEMESSER . After the closures of ITT Tech and Corinthian Colleges, student veterans in my district and across the country were left with nontransferable credits, depleted benefits, and none of the job opportunities that they were promised. By restoring their tuition and housing benefits, we are restoring a measure of justice for these veterans and restoring their opportunity to get the education they deserve and earned. Taken together, the reauthorization of vital programs and the technical fixes included in this bill should earn the support of every Member. I want to thank Chairman R
OE, Ranking Member W
ALZ, and my col-leagues on the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee for ensuring that veterans can continue to rely on these critical pro-grams, and I am once again grateful for the bipartisanship that has defined our work on behalf of America’s veterans. In closing, I want to note that yes-terday was Gold Star Mothers and Families Day, and while today we are taking action to support our veterans, we must also remember the men and women who never made it home. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage all of my colleagues to support this must- pass legislation. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Lou-isiana (Mr. H
IGGINS ), who is also a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Com-mittee. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the De-partment of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act. This much-needed leg-islation will drastically increase access to healthcare and support services for our veterans. Most importantly, this bill will help ensure continued access to proven pro-grams to address veterans’ homeless-ness, healthcare, and benefits. It also includes provisions to assist veteran caregivers, husbands, wives, parents, and children of veterans who right-eously dedicate themselves to the care of their loved ones. Veterans and their families have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country, and we must uphold our prom-ises to them. For too long, Congress has ignored the needs of today’s vet-eran population. It is past time we focus on supporting our veterans, no matter when they served. The Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-thorities Act addresses the priorities of today’s population and ensures that the money follows the veterans. As a member of the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a cosponsor of several of the stand-alone bills in-cluded in this package, I am proud to see the committee and the House of Representatives come together on be-half of these patriotic Americans who risked their lives for our safety. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. I want to thank the gentleman from Louisiana for his support and work on the committee. Once again, the old saying is you shouldn’t get a pat on the back for what you are supposed to do; but around here, it is harder than you might think, and I am incredibly grate-ful and proud. I want to thank the majority staff for their work on this piece of legisla-tion, always including the minority staff, always including us in decisions, so that when we get to the floor, we bring a piece of bipartisan legislation that we can all support. It is must-pass legislation, and that is why it will pass today. I thank the gentleman from Florida for his continued leadership. We have been on this committee for over a dec-ade together, and it seems like it is al-ways that way, so I am grateful for that, grateful we are able to move this forward. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3819. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota for his leadership and working in a bi-partisan fashion always, and we always put our veterans first, so I appreciate that very much. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. B
ILI-
RAKIS ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3819. The question was taken; and (two- thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.049 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7473 September 25, 2017 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until ap-proximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 54 min-utes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
f 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. W
OMACK ) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2824, INCREASING OPPOR-TUNITY AND SUCCESS FOR CHIL-DREN AND PARENTS THROUGH EVIDENCE-BASED HOME VIS-ITING ACT; PROVIDING FOR CON-SIDERATION OF H.R. 2792, CON-TROL UNLAWFUL FUGITIVE FEL-ONS ACT OF 2017; AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES Mr. BURGESS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–331) on the resolution (H. Res. 533) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2824) to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2792) to amend the Social Security Act to make certain revisions to provisions limiting payment of benefits to fugi-tive felons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act; and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. TENNEY. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to remove Rep-resentative CARLOS CURBELO as a co-sponsor of H.R. 2299. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from New York? There was no objection. 
f 
PERIPHERAL ARTERY DISEASE MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, Sep-tember is Peripheral Artery Disease— or PAD—Awareness Month. PAD is a vascular disease that impacts as many as 18 million Americans. Narrowed arteries reduce blood flow to your limbs, like your legs, and in very serious cases leads to amputation, which dramatically alters a patient’s life and significantly increases healthcare costs. There are 180,000 amputations per-formed in the United States every year, and too many of them are unnec-essary. More than 30 percent of pa-tients who experienced an amputation had no arterial testing before their limb was removed. Studies have shown that diagnosing and treating patients with PAD with early intervention is di-rectly associated with lower rates of amputation. By supporting screening for at-risk populations and promoting multidisci-plinary care with arterial testing, we can prevent amputation. It will im-prove lives, reduce patient mortality, and save billions of dollars in healthcare spending. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to learn more about the impact of PAD and recognize the need for a com-prehensive strategy to eliminate non-traumatic amputations. 
f 
SENATE MUST REJECT THE GRAHAM-CASSIDY BILL (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Madam Speaker, once again, Senate Repub-licans are trying to pass a healthcare bill without serious hearings or a prop-er CBO score. But the process is not the only issue with this proposed legis-lation. The Graham-Cassidy bill would allow States to end critical consumer protec-tions established in law by the Afford-able Care Act. These protections en-sure that patients with preexisting conditions can access affordable cov-erage and won’t face lifetime caps that force families to choose between life-saving care and bankruptcy. Regardless of whether you receive in-surance through your employer or the individual market, this bill, the Gra-ham-Cassidy bill, endangers access to quality, affordable health coverage for every American. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.054 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7475 September 25, 2017 
Senators have proposed changes to this bill, but they cannot change the underlying fact that it would be uncon-scionable to rip healthcare away from more than 32 million Americans. I im-plore the Senate to reject this legisla-tion, and I urge my colleagues to work in a bipartisan manner to reduce costs and expand coverage. 
f 
TEXAS COACHES FIGHT HURRICANE HARVEY (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, undaunted by the massive 50 inches of hammering rains and devastation of Hurricane Harvey, Texans quickly vol-unteered to help other water-soaked neighbors. Bay City High School Secretary Linda Leissner was manning the city’s emergency operations call center when she realized the city needed school buses and drivers to help in the rescue because of Harvey’s quickly rising floodwaters, so she called the coaches. The coaches quickly manned the high school’s buses, and in the torrential rain they began rescuing and evacu-ating residents of the town, including some of their very own students. One of the coaches, Nathan Janak, put it best: ‘‘It was just people helping people. It was one of the greatest dis-plays of human kindness I have ever seen.’’ Madam Speaker, stories like this make us Texas Proud and give us the determination to recover from one of the worst natural disasters in U.S. his-tory. Harvey will not defeat us. As we say, ‘‘Don’t mess with Texas.’’ And that is just the way it is. 
f 
VIRGINIA INSTITUTE FOR PASTORAL CARE (Mr. M
CEACHIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. M
CEACHIN. Madam Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the 50th an-niversary of the Virginia Institute for Pastoral Care, also known as VIPCare. In 1967, 12 concerned citizens founded VIPCare and built a unique, unprece-dented organization that continues to serve our community, and several Vir-ginians, today. VIPCare is a not-for-profit, interfaith institution that provides marriage, family, and substance abuse coun-seling, as well as training and support for the clergy. They are the oldest pas-toral counseling center in the United States. VIPCare proudly serves more than 900 children, teenagers, adults, older Americans, families, and couples every year at their two locations in Rich-mond and the six other locations throughout Virginia. VIPCare does not turn people away, regardless of the cost. For 50 years, they have provided thousands with a community space for compassion, hope, and comfort. Madam Speaker, today, and every day, I am so proud of VIPCare and the work they do to care for Virginians. f 
RECOGNIZING ELLIOTT ROOT (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. TENNEY. Madam Speaker, I rise today to recognize a constituent from the 22nd District of New York, Elliott Root. Elliott was born with a single left ventricle and has prevailed over tre-mendous odds in his short life. At the young age of 10 years old, Elliott will undergo his fifth open-heart surgery this week. Today, I wear the Red Balloon pin in honor of Elliott’s courage and strength. Throughout the Red Balloon Campaign, Elliott and his mother, Amy, have worked tirelessly to raise awareness and create an atmosphere of connectivity for all impacted by heart defects. Congenital heart defects are the most prevalent birth defect, affecting 1 in 100 newborns, leading to the death of more children each year than all forms of pe-diatric cancer combined. Despite these staggering statistics, congenital heart defects continue to be underrecognized and underfunded. Our thoughts and prayers are with Elliott and his entire family as he un-dergoes his fifth open-heart surgery. Elliott’s enduring spirit and bravery are an inspiration to all of us. Please join me in celebrating the life of this courageous young man. 
f 
REPUBLICANS SHOULD WORK WITH DEMOCRATS TO CREATE BETTER HEALTHCARE (Mrs. BEATTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BEATTY. Madam Speaker, I come to the floor today to express my opposition to the newest TrumpCare bill that will result in 21 million fewer Americans having healthcare insur-ance. Once again, Senate Republicans, like House Republicans, are rushing to pass a hurtful bill that every major healthcare group, from the American Medical Association to Kaiser, is op-posing. The latest heartless version of TrumpCare is no different than the pre-vious plans because it still leaves many in the cold. As the old saying goes, it is like putting lipstick on a pig, as the bill still allows States to eliminate es-sential healthcare benefits like ER vis-its, preventative screenings, and pre-scription drug coverage. This misguided plan also guts Med-icaid, at a loss of $4 billion in Federal funds to Ohio—my State—and allows insurers to charge seniors and people with preexisting health conditions more money for less coverage. Now it is time to stand together and hold strong with Senator JOHNMCCAIN and the Governors of Ohio, Nevada, and other States. Republicans should work with Democrats to create a better deal, better jobs, better healthcare, and a better future for all Americans. 
f 
CONGRATULATING ABBOTT HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Madam Speaker, today, I would like to recognize and congratulate the Abbott High School baseball team on being this year’s Divi-sion 1A State champions. Located in Abbott, Texas, this small town high school has defied the odds. Since opening its doors in 1886, this is the first time the baseball program has earned the title of State champions. Just last week, I visited the Pan-thers, as well as Principal Pustejovsky and Head Coach Crawford. It was an honor to meet them and these young Americans and be able to congratulate them on a hard-earned victory. As a former baseball player myself, it is inspiring to watch a new wave of stu-dents become interested in America’s favorite pastime. These boys are bright and eager to do their best by giving 110 percent at all times, and that is the kind of spirit we need in this country. In a time when we are finally recov-ering from the last 8 years of turmoil, kids like these are exactly the driving force behind what will make this coun-try great again. Madam Speaker, as long as I am up here in Washington, I am committed to continuing to fight for our Nation’s fu-ture generations. I am proud to represent the black and gold in the 25th Congressional Dis-trict of Texas, and I look forward to watching their baseball careers unfold. And, remember, keep your head over the plate, swing as hard as you can, and always look fastball. In God we trust. 
f 
b1915 HELEN HUYNH FIGHTING LEUKEMIA (Mr. LOWENTHAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LOWENTHAL. Madam Speaker, last week, people across the Nation and around the world heard the heart- wrenching story of my constituent, Helen Huynh. Helen is bravely fighting leukemia. She desperately needs a stem cell transplant, which requires a compat-ible match. Helen’s sister, Thuy, is a 100 percent match, but she lives in Vietnam. She has been denied a visa to come to the United States for this po-tentially lifesaving procedure. She has been denied now three times. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:55 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.056 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7476 September 25, 2017 
This is outrageous, and I am doing everything I can to make sure this wrong is corrected. Mark my words: it will be corrected. I am working with Helen’s family, the State Department, and the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to make sure that we are success-ful in bringing Thuy to Helen as soon as possible. 
f 
PAYING TRIBUTE TO CORPORAL DANIEL FRANCIS KELLY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Madam Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Corporal Daniel Francis Kelly, who, after being listed as missing in action in Korea for 67 years, is finally home. Danny was the youngest of nine boys of Irene and John Kelly from Pitts-burgh’s north side. Seven of his eight brothers served in World War II, one of whom was Medal of Honor recipient Chuck ‘‘Commando’’ Kelly. Danny idol-ized Chuck and wanted to be a war hero just like him. With Chuck’s help, Danny enlisted in the Army in 1950, at the age of 17. By November of that year, as part of the 9th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Infantry Division, he found himself at the Bat-tle of Ch’ongch’on River, where he was captured on November 26. It is believed he died at the POW camp known as ‘‘Death Valley’’ in March 1951. Corporal Kelly, this week, your coun-try gives you the funeral with military honors you have long deserved. Like your brother Chuck, you are a hero. A grateful nation says ‘‘thank you.’’ Eternal rest grant unto him, O Lord, and let perpetual light shine upon him. 
f 
COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTER FUNDING (Mr. TAKANO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I rise to remind my colleagues that we have just 4 days to authorize mandatory funding for our Nation’s Community Health Centers. If Congress fails to act before Sep-tember 30, the Community Health Cen-ter program will suffer a 70 percent cut to its funding. Our constituents and our economy will suffer the con-sequences. Without this funding, an estimated 2,800 health center facilities will be forced to close, 51,000 medical profes-sionals will lose their jobs, and 9 mil-lion patients will lose access to the care they rely on. The critical role Community Health Centers have in serving patients is be-yond dispute, and it should be beyond partisanship. While our Senate colleagues are scrambling to meet a self-imposed deadline, they are ignoring real dead-lines that we must meet. We must fund these health centers this week, or we will be responsible for the economic and human cost of our inaction. f 
THANKING THE SEATTLE SEAHAWKS (Ms. JAYAPAL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. JAYAPAL. Madam Speaker, I rise today to thank my home team, the Seattle Seahawks, for joining nearly 200 NFL players across the country who exercised their First Amendment right to protest during the national an-them. I fully support their right to do so. These players used their platform to draw attention to the racial and social injustices of our time and to condemn the racism and divisive rhetoric com-ing from President Trump. Athletes practice unity in a way that few others do, coming from every walk of life and pulling together to model unity every single game. Let us be very clear: these protests are not about disrespecting the flag or our country’s brave men and women in uniform. They are about the oppression of people of color, the number of black men gunned down by police, and the school-to-prison pipeline. These pro-tests are about speaking out about un-acceptable behavior and rhetoric and fighting for justice. I thank our players and the Seahawks for addressing these issues with unity, compassion, and truth. I thank Colin Kaepernick for starting this important conversation. 
f 
STANDING WITH DACA RECIPIENTS (Mr. ESPAILLAT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ESPAILLAT. Madam Speaker, September 5, 2017: that is a day that will forever be ingrained in the minds of immigrants and DREAMers as the day that Donald Trump crossed a moral line. The President is playing hot potato with a group of young people who, like me, came to this country ‘‘with heart,’’ ‘‘con corazon;’’ ‘‘with humility,’’ ‘‘con humildad;’’ and ‘‘with a desire to do more,’’ ‘‘con el deseo de hacer mas.’’ DREAMers are ‘‘fighters,’’ ‘‘luchadores.’’ They are fighters, and so we will not rest until the Dream Act is the law of the land and until DREAM-ers and their parents can go to sleep without the fear of ICE knocking on their door and showing up in their place of worship, school, or at a hos-pital. To my colleagues, we urge you to stand with us, stand with 800,000 DACA recipients, and stand with their par-ents in passing the Dream Act. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. f 
HURRICANE-RIDDEN PLACES (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. In hurricane-rid-den places, DREAMers are extraor-dinarily scared for their families, for the ability to recover from damages; and I see it every day. It is imperative that Republicans sign this bill to save and protect our DREAMers, who are, in fact, Ameri-cans. Do it for all of those who are suf-fering. Then, Madam Speaker, let me ex-plain to you that FEMA needs to ad-dress the poverty of my constituents, individuals who are calling me in their apartments when their 84-year-old mother and themselves have lost ev-erything, and they cannot get a FEMA inspector to that apartment. I will be addressing this with FEMA Director Brock Long, but we cannot go this route. People are still in uninhab-itable housing. Over the weekend, sen-iors were evicted from their housing with no place to go. I am engaged with our public housing authority, but we have got to have a system that is orderly for those who are living in uninhabitable housing. And, FEMA, you have got to enhance the inspectors. These people are wait-ing for over a month for you to come to their apartment or home to inspect, be-cause they have no resources at all, and they are depending upon the FEMA dollars based upon your inspection for the loss of personal items. The hurricane is still on for my friends in Puerto Rico and Florida and the Virgin Islands and Texas. 
f 
REPUBLICANS NEED TO JOIN DEMOCRATS IN BIPARTISAN LEGISLATION (Ms. PELOSI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. PELOSI. Madam Speaker, I asso-ciate myself with the concerns ex-pressed by Congresswoman J
ACKSON  L
EEabout those who have been af-fected by the hurricanes. They need not only our compassion but our help as soon as possible. I thank Congress-woman J
ACKSON LEEfor her leadership. I also associate myself with the re-marks of others who have talked about the discharge petition here. This dis-charge petition will not only discharge a bill, it will discharge the realization of hopes and dreams and aspirations of so many hundreds of thousands of young people in our country. Just to put it in historic perspective, we did pass a Dream Act in 2010, in the House of Representatives. We couldn’t pass it in the Senate, because it re-quired 60 votes, but it did receive a ma-jority of the vote in the Senate. President Obama, as people know, issued an executive order. President 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.059 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7477 September 25, 2017 
Trump has rescinded that, but he said he would sign the Dream Act if it came to his desk. So we are asking our Re-publican colleagues to join us in this bipartisan legislation. Just to put it in historical perspec-tive, the President said: I can’t act. Congress must act. But even when Congress acted, Presi-dent Reagan said: You didn’t go far enough. So he instituted a Family Fairness initiative, which protected many more people than Congress did. President George Herbert Walker Bush continued that leadership and that courage, as did President Clinton; President George W. Bush, one of the best Presi-dents we have ever had in terms of his advocacy for newcomers to our coun-try, realizing that they make America more American by invigorating our country with hope, aspirations, and dreams; and President Obama, of course, a great President in this regard as well. So this is the first President we have had who has put doubt as to whether we respect the contribution of new-comers to our country. He has said he would sign this bill. We trust his word. We just need our Re-publican colleagues to join in the dis-charge petition, and to appeal to the Speaker, with or without a discharge petition, take the initiative, take the lead, make America more American by unleashing the power and the patriot-ism of our DREAMers. 
f 
WE MUST CONTINUE TO ROOT OUT RACISM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Penn-sylvania (Mr. E
VANS ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the mi-nority leader. Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor tonight’s CBC Special Order hour. I first want to thank the coanchors, Representative V
EASEY and Delegate S
TACEY PLASKETT , for their work on coanchoring the Special Order hour for the caucus. Our thoughts and our prayers are with those in the Virgin Islands, Puer-to Rico, the Caribbean, as well as those in Louisiana, Texas, and Florida, and others who have been impacted by the devastating hurricanes. We also pray for our brothers and sisters in Mexico, who are recovering and rehabilitating after the devastating earthquake that rocked their country. We encourage all to do what they can do to help our brothers and our sisters. Tonight, we are here to talk about how we must continue to root out rac-ism. We are here to talk about how we should bring our neighborhoods, our Nation, together and not drive Ameri-cans apart. What took place in Charlottesville, and the dialogue with the NFL players, the NBA players, President Trump con-tinues to highlight how our President does not seem to understand what is at stake and how his actions are under-mining the strength and the stability of our neighborhoods. You have heard me say, as I have said it again and again two summers ago when speaking to members of an African-American community at a rally in Philadelphia, President Trump says: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ He actually said: ‘‘What the hell do you have to lose?’’ That is right. What do you have to lose? Everything, Mr. President. We have everything to lose: good schools for our children, safe neighborhoods, reliable healthcare, quality jobs, peace of mind, and that the next generation will be better off. President Trump has been in office for almost 250 days, and all we have to show for it is division, division, divi-sion. He has divided our country in ways we didn’t even think we wanted to acknowledge are still happening in 2017. For the next 60 minutes, we have a chance to speak directly to the Amer-ican people on issues of great impor-tance to the Congressional Black Cau-cus, the Congress, and the constituents we represent. Madam Speaker, I would like to yield to the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, the Honorable CEDRIC  R
ICHMOND from the Second Congres-sional District of Louisiana. Mr. RICHMOND. Madam Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Congressman E
VANS , for leading this Special Order and for yielding to me, especially on a matter this important. As I reflect on the last 200 or so days in this country, I am saddened. b1930 The truth of the matter is I always thought this country was better than this. I thought that we had so many people, not just African Americans, but we had people of like mind, like Good-man, Chaney, and Schwerner, who gave their lives and who sacrificed blood, sweat, and tears so that this country could be a more perfect Union, so that I could go to some of the best schools in the country, so that I could dream the impossible dream, so that I could stand on the floor of this House and speak my mind, introduce legislation, but, more importantly, fight for the ideals that make this country an ex-ceptional country. It is so easy for our President and our colleagues to say America’s excep-tional. Well, it is, but you have to un-derstand how it got to be exceptional, because it didn’t start off that way. In fact, we came here on boats. We sur-vived middle passage. We built this Capitol as free labor. We have given as much blood, sweat, and tears as any people in this country. To see the President of the United States call people who would walk with neo-Nazis and the KKK and white su-premacists, some of them are fine peo-ple—but young African-American males are taking a knee not to dis-respect our country, but they are tak-ing a knee because they want a better future for their sons. They want better community police interaction. What they want is that people who are with the color of law with misconduct against African-American men and women, sons and daughters, parents, grandparents, what they want is a bet-ter country for them. They didn’t choose violence. They chose peaceful protests just like Mar-tin Luther King. When Dr. King chose peaceful protests, what the President doesn’t realize is that the country wasn’t accepting of his ways either. ‘‘Letter from Birmingham Jail’’ was all about Dr. King responding to people of like mind who shared the cause of freedom and equality and justice. They just didn’t like his tactics. And the question was: We should wait. His let-ter was addressing people of like mind. The problem here is I just can’t ad-dress someone of like mind because I don’t think that this administration has the maturity, the sensitivity, or the understanding, whether it is willful or unwillful, to understand what is going on in this country. Instead of doing the Presidential thing, instead of doing the right thing and bringing this country together, I am afraid that this country is being torn apart at its very core, and for that I know that we are a better country. Let me just say in closing that, in order for us to move forward in a more responsible and more perfect fashion, it is going to take ordinary citizens like you out there watching us at home, it is going to take you all standing up and speaking out. It doesn’t matter if you are African American or if you are Hispanic or if you are Black, injustice is injustice. The words ‘‘no justice, no peace’’ are not a threat. It is that it is hard to accomplish peace when there is no justice in the land. I would just ask that we all come to-gether and that we not only look at words, but we look at policies, so when we now look at the opioid addiction through a loving mental health med-ical crisis standpoint, we don’t forget the young people who were addicted to crack and who got involved in drugs back then that we have now decided that, with opioids, we are going to take a nurturing approach and with crack we locked everyone up. We should come in, take the approach that we are doing with opioids, which is the exact correct approach, and we should apply it to crack, and we should apply it to all of those millions of people who are incarcerated for drug crimes. When you start talking about root out racism, it has to be in policy, it has to be in our rhetoric, but it has to be in our daily lives. Madam Speaker, I thank the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania, Congress-man E
VANS , for yielding to me. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.060 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7478 September 25, 2017 
Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, I would like to associate myself with the re-marks of the distinguished chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, who, under his leadership, has clearly dem-onstrated that he understands and gets it. Look at the President’s actions just this past week. He is involved in an in-credible, misguided, thoughtless, care-less Twitter fight with the NFL, the NBA, and other athletes, while people in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands need emergency hous-ing, electricity, clean water, and other Federal aid. When Americans think of big things, they think of the Office of the Presi-dent of the United States. Let me re-peat that. When Americans think of big things, they think of the Office of the President of the United States. In these times, Americans—and the rest of the world, for that matter— think of the U.S. President as a person who takes time to think over the great ideas of the day, works to fix the big-gest problems and find ways to make the world come together, no matter the party, no matter the person. Madam Speaker, I want to yield to a gentleman whom I have known for a long period of time, and I knew his fa-ther, who was a real leader, and he has definitely come along and carried that. As a matter of fact, we are neighbors. He is from the great Garden State, the honorable D
ONALD PAYNE , Jr., of the Tenth Congressional District. Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, I first want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, Congressman E
VANS , for hosting tonight’s Special Order Hour on rooting out racism in the United States. He has a long history of legisla-tive accomplishments back in the Key-stone State and has brought his under-standing and talents here to the House of Representatives, and we appreciate him being a Member of this body. Before I begin, I also want to let the Americans in Puerto Rico and the Vir-gin Islands know that we stand with them as they rebuild. Madam Speaker, the First Amend-ment of the United States Constitution guarantees to all people in this country the freedom to speak out against injus-tice. When Colin Kaepernick took a knee during the National Anthem last year, he joined a long list of patriotic athletes who used their fame to do just that. Muhammad Ali was convicted of draft dodging because he refused to drop bombs and bullets on Brown peo-ple in Vietnam while the so-called Negro people in Louisville, Kentucky, were treated like dogs. Jackie Robinson, the great Baseball Hall of Famer who integrated baseball, admitted in 1972 that he no longer could stand and sing the National An-them. The First Amendment to the United States Constitution endows all of us with the freedom of speech, the free-dom to speak out our own truths. Mu-hammad Ali would not fight an unjust war; Jackie Robinson would not salute a flag that he believed symbolized his oppression; and Colin Kaepernick took a knee to bring America’s attention to the fact that Black Americans are twice as likely as White Americans to be killed by police officers, to bring at-tention to the fact that 1 in every 10 Black men in his thirties is in prison or in jail on any given day, to bring atten-tion to the statistic that tells us Black people are twice as likely as White peo-ple to be in poverty in the wealthiest country on Earth. It is easy to keep quiet, to do nothing in the face of injustice. But just like the muscles in our bodies, our Con-stitution will wither if we do not exer-cise our rights. To speak out against injustice is to exercise the constitu-tional right of free speech. What is more patriotic than exercising the rights our Nation stands for? When the President uses his right of free speech in an attempt to silence athletes, he is undermining the free-dom for which patriotic Americans have fought during our 241-year his-tory. When the President calls for men and women to be fired from their jobs because they dare use their public plat-form to combat injustice, he fuels the viciousness he claims that he wants to despise. As Langston Hughes put it: ‘‘Let America be America again—The land that has never been yet—And yet must be—the land where every man is free.’’ Madam Speaker, I talk about the Constitution because it talks about all people. There are times where I have been disappointed and let down by this Nation not holding up its creed be-cause, you see, I believe in America, but I am waiting for that day when all men are created equal. I am still wait-ing for that day. We are here tonight to bring atten-tion to this matter. We are exercising our right to free speech, the right that has been given every American in this country, supposedly. But if the Presi-dent of the United States can stand up somewhere in this country and call a section of this country, a certain peo-ple in this country, SOBs, then what does that say about where we are? This is the leader of the United States of America, the land of the free, the home of the brave. But is it that for every-one? We have a ways to go in this country. Yes, we have come a long way, and some people will say: Well, you know, why are you still talking about those old issues? And, you know, things are different now and better for you. And, look, come on, get over it. And then we see what we have seen over the last several years with African Americans constantly getting shot and there being no ramifications. It tears at your heart, Madam Speaker, to un-derstand why, why, in the greatest na-tion on the face of the Earth, we still have these situations of such inequity. So we will continue to raise the issue until one day this country can live up to its creed that all men and women are created equal and endowed with certain inalienable rights. With that, Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for yielding to me. Mr. EVANS. Madam Speaker, the gentleman from New Jersey is spot on, as usual. He has a very quiet demeanor, but he is someone who, when he speaks, is very clear and concise with his thoughts and his comments. In the short period of time that I have been here, I have watched him in action; and I think when you just heard his com-ments, you heard that he really under-stands, as he said, that we all do be-lieve in America, but we know there is an awful lot of work to do, and he has certainly expressed that. Madam Speaker, professional sports is a system built on unity and bringing people together. As civic leaders, we should take our cue from them. Teams, coaches, players, spectators, football, basketball, ice hockey, tennis, they are all great unifiers in our country. It is disappointing to see players attacked in their effort to shed light on inequal-ity in our neighborhoods. b1945 We know division and inequality ex-ists in our neighborhoods. We should be shining a light, as the gentleman from New Jersey just did, on how to change this and make it better. Madam Speaker, I yield to the gen-tlewoman from the great State of Illi-nois (Ms. KELLY ), someone who I have watched a great deal, and she just did a fantastic job over the weekend. I watched her in action. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and I thank him for leading this important hour tonight. Madam Speaker, I rise today with my colleagues in the Congressional Black Caucus and with Americans from our great country because it is time to root out racism. While racism has, tragically, been a part of the American story—from Jamestown to Jim Crow; to the Little Rock Nine, whose 60th anniversary is today—in 2017, we are seeing it rise in new and disturbing ways. Right now, there is a sham, ‘‘Presi-dential voting commission,’’ plotting to turn back the clock on our voting rights. Right now, African Americans live in fear that they will be stricken down, unjustly, because of the color of their skin. Right now there is an un-American and unconstitutional Muslim ban pre-venting families from reuniting. Right now the Attorney General is undoing consent decrees and pouring billions of tax dollars into the for-prof-it prison industry. Right now there are rabid racists, White nationalists, and White su-premacists that this administration won’t denounce. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.062 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7479 September 25, 2017 
And right now our President refuses to blame White supremacists for ra-cially motivated killings in Charlottes-ville. The individuals, who inspired this bigoted violence, he called ‘‘some very fine people.’’ Just this weekend, we saw President Trump attack athletes for exercising their First Amendment rights; using terms like ‘‘you people’’ and ‘‘those people’’ in an effort to further divide us. Our Commander in Chief is uniting those who hate, while ignoring millions of Americans facing a humanitarian disaster in Puerto Rico, the Virgin Is-lands, Florida, and Houston. Madam Speaker, if we want to root out racism, we need to start at the top. Let’s start with this White House. Racism is a cancer. You don’t ignore a cancer. You don’t let it fester and grow. You cut it out. You purge it. You remove it. That is what we must do with racism: remove it, stop it before it grows further and consumes us. America’s greatest strength has al-ways been our diversity. It is the source of our economic innovation that made us the world’s largest economy. It is our ability to stand shoulder to shoulder and face down any threats that have been made to America, from the Contrabands and the Red Tails to Lance Corporal Jose Gutierrez. It is our ability to see ourselves and our families in one another that makes America great. It is our compassion and belief that we all share a higher purpose, as Americans, that propels us to higher heights. It is our capacity to come together and break bread, help someone with a flat tire, even give our own lives for those of others. These are the things that make America great, not some idealized, grayscale image of a misremembered past. It is all Americans who make Amer-ica great, and that greatness comes in all colors, all genders, all faiths, all orientations. When we stand together, we are stronger. When we are divided, we will fail. That is why it is impera-tive that we call out racism, decry rac-ism, and, most importantly, root out racism. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Illinois, who was very succinct, and added points that she needed to. She was very po-tent in what she just said. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
OMER ). The gentleman from Pennsyl-vania has 38 minutes remaining. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN ). She and I had the chance to travel together during the summer, and she has been a fan-tastic friend. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman E
VANS  for giving me an opportunity to speak and for hosting this Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, behind a podium adorned by the Seal of the President of the United States, Donald Trump, once again, sank even further in disgrace through remarks that were attacking peaceful American private citizens. It should not be lost on us that when referencing White supremacy and neo- Nazism, Donald Trump saw fit to speak with calculated language, unlike the phrases he used to describe the Black men and their mothers who used their platform to highlight longstanding in-justices. His behavior continues to demonstrate that he is unfit to serve as the leader of this free world, and surely unfit to represent the American rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-piness. We have witnessed 9 months of dis-criminatory policies and proposals emanating from the Trump White House; bald-faced and bumbling at-tempts to reverse the progress made not only by President Obama, but progress won decades ago, fights that we thought we had already won, issues that had already been settled, from a woman’s right to choose, to environ-mental protections, to civil rights, to workplace safety, and beyond. In January, Donald Trump assumed the Presidency and made rescinding the freedoms of people of color, the poor, and the sick his first priority. We look at the establishment of the fraudulent Voter Suppression Commis-sion; the appointments of Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, Betsy DeVos, Se-bastian Gorka, and Stephen Miller, a group of people whose ideology directly stands against the advancement of an equal and more perfect union; his sup-port for discriminatory voter ID laws; reinstatement of the failed war on drugs; attacks on affirmative action at colleges and universities; rollback of consent decrees that keep police ac-countable; the now extended Muslim ban; the transgender ban in our armed services; the rollback of our civil rights enforcement across Federal agencies; reinstating the use of private prisons; refusing to protect Americans and the Nation from White suprema-cists; all under the slogan of ‘‘Make America Great’’ under the guise of pa-triotism. Make no mistake about it, the world is imperfect, and a long view of history shows evil triumphing more often than we would like. But here in America, in the space in which I work, I will continue to stand with my colleagues here in the Con-gressional Black Caucus and in the Chambers of Congress to root out rac-ism, sexism, bigotry, and hatred be-cause it cripples this Nation. I will con-tinue to gather in solidarity with my brothers and sisters of color, the Mus-lim and the Jewish communities, the LGBTQ community, the immigrant community, and every person that is targeted by those who seek to divide us, as this President is doing. I will take a knee, I will reclaim my time, I will raise my fist, I will stay awake, I will stay alert, and I am ready to mobilize. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, as usual, I am speechless as the gentlewoman gives her comments because she defi-nitely lets people know where she stands, and I thank her for her com-ments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), another person who also is what I con-sider a wordsmith. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for leading this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, in 1971, then-President Richard Nixon declared the war on drugs, which he labeled as ‘‘public enemy number one in the United States.’’ Now, at the time of this declaration, America’s prisons and jails held fewer than 200,000 people. Today, that num-ber sits at over 2 million people. In fact, the United States incarcerates 25 percent of the world’s prisoners, but we have only 5 percent of the world’s pop-ulation. In fact, shamefully, my State of Wis-consin has the highest incarceration rate of African-American men on the planet Earth. Now, John Ehrlichman, then-counsel and Assistant to the President for Do-mestic Affairs under President Nixon, admitted, Mr. Speaker, that the war on drugs was an effort to vilify African- American leaders and to disrupt the African-American community; admit-ted that the war on drugs was con-trived to diminish the reputation of Af-rican Americans. Indeed, they were successful because the burden of this failed war has fallen overwhelmingly on African-American communities. In 2014, African-American adults ac-counted for just 14 percent of those who used drugs, but close to one-third of those who are arrested for drug pos-session. And although African Ameri-cans and Whites consume drugs at a similar rate, African Americans are significantly more likely to be ar-rested. Now, this disproportionate enforce-ment of drug laws in a nation in which racial groups use drugs at the same rate points to one fact, Mr. Speaker. It can only be explained that race has played an inappropriate role in law en-forcement’s priorities and tactics. It is worth noting that in the face of the 1980’s crack cocaine epidemic in Black communities, the public policy response was incarceration. Here in 2017, in the face of our current opioid epidemic in predominantly White com-munities, public officials on both sides of the aisle have banded together to pass landmark legislation to provide drug treatment assistance to those vic-tims. In recent years, fortunately, leaders on both sides of the aisle have found common ground on the need to reform our broken criminal justice system. Stakeholders from the ACLU to the Koch Institute recognize the crisis of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.064 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7480 September 25, 2017 
overcriminalization in this country and the need for immediate action. Both the House and the Senate have made strides toward the passage of bi-partisan criminal justice reform in the 114th Congress, but, ultimately, a bill never made its way to the President. Now our U.S. Attorney General of the United States, Jefferson Beauregard Sessions, a most ardent opponent to bi-partisan criminal justice reform, sits there and does not inspire hope that those fighting to address this obviously harmful and race-based status quo will do anything. And although our President has dubbed himself the ‘‘Law and Order President,’’ he has not taken the ini-tiative to end this unfair policy. Just very briefly before I close, Mr. Speaker, I want to list three things that this bipartisan group found would be helpful: One, we should eliminate Federal mandatory minimum sentencing re-quirements. We should ensure true sen-tencing parity among crack and co-caine offenses, and deprioritize non-violent drug offenders and seek med-ical treatment. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, as usual, Congresswoman M
OORE really gets to the point, and I have watched in the short period of time and knew her on the State level as we dealt in the legis-lature. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. J
OHNSON ), someone who is very sharp and quick with his tongue. Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I thank the gentleman, my friend from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Con-gressman D
WIGHT EVANS , for anchoring this Special Order hour, the subject of which is Root Out Racism, #rootoutracism. It is a sensitive topic, somewhat uncomfortable for people, both Black and White, or shall I say dark-skinned and light-skinned. b2000 It is an uncomfortable subject, and no one wants to be accused of being a racist. It has all kinds of emotional connotations and negative connota-tions, as it should. Because what rac-ism actually is, is a belief, or a doc-trine that inherent differences among the various human races determine cultural or individual achievements, usually involving the idea that one’s own race is superior, and has the right to rule others. So in other words, what racism is, is a concept that one believes that their race is superior to the race of someone else. And how racism manifests itself in America, historically, has been that if you are a racist, you are a White per-son, and you believe that your race is superior to that of a dark-skinned per-son, a Black person. That has been how racism has unfolded here in America since the White man came to America. Of course, when Christopher Colum-bus, an Anglo-Saxon from Spain, came to America and discovered America, America was populated, at that time, by what we called the Red man, the In-dian, a dark-skinned individual—dark-er than the Anglo-Saxon. And so this country has a history of mistreating people severely who are of a different color than white. First, it was the Indians. The feeling was that the European was superior to the Native American. That is the bot-tom line. Now, also, on that ship com-ing over in 1607, landing at Jamestown, Virginia, were some indentured serv-ants, some of whom were dark-skinned people. Racism was not necessarily a part of slavery, or indentured ser-vitude, but racism was used to ensure that the multitudes of dark-skinned people who were brought over here from Africa, who outnumbered in the South the number of Europeans, or White people there, racism was used to keep those Black people in their place. In other words, it was not indentured servitude. It was racism based on the subjugation of one group of people, or one race of people by another race of people because the race of people doing the subjugation impressed upon them-selves and their children that those dark-skinned people are beneath us. And so slavery became an institution, as did racism. Those ideas of racial superiority still exist today, but it is so sensitive for people to talk about the fact that rac-ism still exists, and even more uncom-fortable when someone is accused of being a racist. What is a racist? A racist is a person who believes in racism; the doctrine that the human race is superior, and that one’s race is superior to that of another. That is a racist. The problem is, when we don’t under-stand that we are racists. Now, some even say that folks like Black Lives Matter are racists. But that cannot be further from the truth because Black Lives Matter activists are not saying that Blacks are superior to Whites. They are, in fact, saying that all lives are equal; that Black lives matter. So you can’t call a Black person a racist when they are not proclaiming their race to be greater than the White race. No. Racism tends to rear its ugly head in America when White people use it to preserve their position on top, supe-rior. And that is what Make America Great Again was all about. It really wasn’t make America great again. It was make America White again. That is what the message was. The message was a racist message. It began 4 or 5 years ago when our Presi-dent started this rumor that President Obama was not an American; he was not one of us; he was from Africa. That is appealing to the subliminal mes-saging, that subliminal messaging that has been implanted in each one of us since we were born. White folks have been led to believe that they are supe-rior. Now, I am not accusing all White people of being racists, but I think it is a question that all White people have to ask themselves, whether or not they harbor feelings of superiority. Because I do know that when we look at the mass media, the images that Black folks get of themselves by looking at the media are that we are inferior. That is what is implanted in us. That is the legacy of slavery, the leg-acy of racism and slavery, and it has implanted in our minds that we are in-ferior. And we have to fight feelings of inferiority just to feel equal. White people, on the other hand, have been implanted with the theory that they are superior. And so this is the American society that we live in. When President Trump, 4 or 5 years ago, accused President Obama of not being an American, not being one of us, and being from Africa, it was code to provoke the racist instincts in people who harbor them. And not all White people harbor that. That is not the point that I am making. But the point is, there was an appeal made to those instincts. That instinct was further aggravated by the insinu-ation that President Obama was a Mus-lim; he is not one of us. It is almost de-humanizing. And so that was the code word. Then, when he descended those steps at the Trump Tower and said that all Mexicans were racists and murderers, that was another appeal to the racist instincts in people—in White people, not Black people, not Hispanics, but in White people. And so playing the racist game is what got President Trump elected, bot-tom line. And so now that he is in of-fice, we see all kinds of racist policies coming back to fruition. My colleagues who have spoken be-fore me have talked about it: criminal justice, drugs in society, the prison in-dustrial complex. They have talked about it. I am not going to point out or go over what they have said, but I will say that racism is alive and well in America. We will never be able to root it out until we all have a conversation with ourselves to ask ourselves, and to probe our own minds and souls to de-termine whether or not we feel that we are superior, whether or not we place ourselves in line before others just be-cause that is the way it has always been, and we want to make America great again. It is something that we have to think about. It is something that we have to discuss. I, for one, love my fellow man regardless of color, and I know that even many people who don’t know that they are racists love their brothers and sisters, and so they will at least sit down and talk. That is what I have to do as a Black man, is to talk with as many people of different colors as I can to show them my humanity, to let them know that I appreciate their hu-manity, and that I love them. Maybe through love, we will be able to overcome the scourge of racism that is historical here in America and that is alive, well, and in living color today. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.065 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7481 September 25, 2017 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman because he speaks truth to power. He does not bite his tongue. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unan-imous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and to include any ex-traneous material in the R
ECORD on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, the next person is a rare blend of poise, grace, and elegance. In the short period of time I have had the pleasure working with her, she has been a gentlewoman, but she has been a very powerful voice. Those who watched her in the last month, she has fought for Hurricane Harvey funding, but she has also done her job. She has been extremely sophis-ticated. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentle-woman from the great State of Texas and city of Houston (Ms. J
ACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for guiding us and pro-viding us an opportunity to really speak from the heart. I, likewise, want to acknowledge the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus for his leadership as well, Chairman R
ICHMOND , and, of course, Congressman E
VANS , Congressman V
EASEY , and Congresswoman B EATTY , who are conducting this CBC Special Order. I would also like to ask for them to beg my pardon for I wish to start with a commentary on those who are suf-fering and to bring attention to our friends in the Virgin Islands and in Puerto Rico. Before I came on the floor, the cable news was reporting again the kinds of vision—or the kinds of visions and scenes that we had in the early stages of Hurricane Harvey: Come help me; but also a reminder of those in Katrina with the big, large sign: Is somebody going to help me? Now, in Puerto Rico, where I am understanding in many parts of Puerto Rico, no government help has come, probably the same in St. Croix. The picture I have here is a picture in my congressional district where we were attempting and did rescue about 60 people who were surrounded by water and certainly concerned, as oth-ers were, having to flee for their lives and looking for high ground. I am going to leave this picture up, because I would not want my com-ments going forward to suggest in any way that we are not concerned about those who are unhoused in Houston, Harris County, Port Arthur, Beaumont, and beyond; of course, in Florida; of course, in the Virgin Islands; and the cry for help in Puerto Rico. So I want to simply say that we in the government have to do our job. We have got to move faster, and we cannot move by Republican proposals for tax relief. We have to do this Democrats and Republicans. Work with us to craft the kind of language and relief that will provide these people with imme-diate housing resources. These are peo-ple without liability insurance. These are people in apartments where apart-ment owners are moving slowly to re-store their apartments. b2015 They need cash. They need the dis-tribution of the millions of dollars that all of this representation of people rais-ing money. There needs to be a pool for housing. We need to give a cash allot-ment so that someone can get into a clean apartment or they can begin to get their items out of the stores—I don’t want to call names—that you go and get wood and begin to fix your homes. This becomes a race issue. My col-leagues in the Congressional Black Caucus are really the ones who are going to be—along with a bipartisan ef-fort, and our leader and our whip in the Democratic Caucus and working with the Speaker and the whip and the ma-jority leader, let’s get on with it. They actually need direct funding. This is a backdrop of the words that I want to be able to speak of as I talk about the tragedy of which brings us to the floor. Here is another example of people under water. This is happening all over in these storm-ravaged places. Yet we have to come to the floor to speak about an unnecessary distrac-tion. While there is a fast-moving tar-get toward North Korea by the bois-terous words that have been coming out of the White House so that we might enter into an accidental war with North Korea, all I will say about that is: I don’t know if the White House, the Commander in Chief, has been to the DMZ, but I have. I have looked a North Korean soldier in the eye, and that is what our soldiers do every day on that DMZ standing in the gap. Boisterous attacking and credu-lous language only will lead us into an accidental war. I further want to indicate that if there is ever a bill among others that continues to speak to Americans from all backgrounds, minorities in par-ticular, that you are not prepared to address the healthcare of people who are in desperate need who have pre-existing conditions. It is, though well- meaning, the Graham-Cassidy bill, an-other false attempt to undermine the Affordable Care Act. Having met with health professionals today, I will tell you: between diabetes, sickle cell anemia, kidney disease, and prostate cancer, they cannot afford the Graham-Cassidy bill. Get on with it. Support the Afford-able Care Act, because it becomes a race issue. The predominant number of individuals impacted by prostate can-cer and diabetes are African American. So I want to ask: What is going on in this atmosphere of the Commander in Chief? I try to understand it because, from my perspective, this is dangerous ground. It is particularly dangerous in setting the tone on the whole issue of race in America. Who is the guiding force of setting the tone for race in America? It is, in fact, the leader of this coun-try. It is disappointing that the words that were said by the White House, this President, does not recognize that Afri-can Americans have been in the United States military. It does not recognize that, in fact, we are the most patriotic group. And in being patriotic, we take no backseat to the respect we have for the flag. I came down to the floor so that I could be standing behind the flag. My back is to the flag. Am I protesting the flag? Am I burn-ing the flag? I abhor burning the flag. I abhor the destruction of the flag. But I respect si-lent protests. It bothers me that the one who is so boisterous would have top advisers and Cabinet picks that have histories of prejudice. A person who leads the coun-try denied responsibility of racist inci-dents that followed his election. He launched a travel ban on tar-geting Muslims. He attacked the Mus-lim Gold Star parents. He claimed a judge was biased because he was a Mexican American. The Justice De-partment sued his company twice for not renting to Black people. This is not a mirage. This is not a rumor. These are facts. In fact, dis-crimination against Black people has been a pattern throughout this leader’s life. He refused to immediately con-demn the White supremacists who ad-vocated for him. He questioned wheth-er President Barack Obama was born in the United States not for 1 year, but year after year after year, to the point that I was embarrassed for the former President of the United States, not him. He treats racial groups as monoliths. He trashed Native Americans and en-couraged the mob anger that resulted in the wrongful imprisonment of five young minority boys in the tragedy of the Central Park rape. They were not guilty. He took out a full-page ad in The New York Times wrongly and asked for their execution, the death penalty to those who are not guilty. He condoned the beating of a Black Lives Matter protester. He called supporters who beat up a homeless Latino man passionate. He stereotyped Jews and shared an anti-Semitic image created by supremacists. So now we defend him even more. Now we suggest that he is playing to his base, that it is okay, and that there are people who believe in what he is saying. There is a percentage of Ameri-cans who believe that we should not kneel during the national anthem. These are nothing but things that rep-resent democracy. Democracy is living 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.067 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7482 September 25, 2017 
and breathing. It is in your heart, your mind, and your soul. I am an American because of her values. The national an-them was written by a man, and we sing it with pride. But it is not God. The flag is not God. It is a symbol of the democracy, the Constitution, and the freedom of speech that is given. Let me be very clear: none of those football players and others desecrated the flag. They did not spit on it. They did not burn it. They did not desecrate it. So I came tonight to suggest that there are still two Americas, because it does not seem that there is any under-standing of the heroism of people of color. And I have to talk particularly about African Americans who served in the United States military. Crispus Attucks was an iconic pa-triot engaging in a protest in 1770. He was shot by royalist soldiers in the Boston Massacre. Does the White House know Crispus Attucks? Does he know those who have come through the ages, who fought for the Union in the Civil War? Yet, in doing so, the treatment of Af-rican Americans continued to be das-tardly violent into the lynchings of the 1900s. Yet we remain patriotic. All we ask is the doors of opportunity be opened and that our leaders respect us. So let me say to those who don’t un-derstand that the First Amendment does not in any way define ‘‘do not stand for’’ or ‘‘do stand for the national anthem and the flag.’’ There is nothing in the law that indicates that these in-dividuals are desecrating the flag. I join with the statements of Com-missioner Roger Goodell. I join with the statement of the Texans by Bob McNair. I join the Seattle statement— the most potent statement—that talks about the facts that these individuals have a right to express themselves. But I do not join with the President, who would say: Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, Get that son of a B off the field; out; he is fired; he is fired? I join with our NFL. Do you know what you are saying? You are talking about African-Amer-ican mothers. You are calling them a son of a B. You are calling those chil-dren’s mother—single mothers some-times; mothers who have fought to overcome to get their children where they could be—and these boys—and I’m going to call them that—who have gone out to the community and tried to be of good conscience, you have said that their mother is a son of a B. That is racist. If you don’t understand that that is racist—as a mom, I come to this floor and I say to the mothers of those chil-dren: I love your sons. Thank you to the NFL and the owners who stood up. Thank you to those who are not Afri-can American, who joined with their fellow brothers on the field and knelt— not in desecration of the national an-them, not in desecration of the blood that was shed by the soldiers who are on battlefields; some of them sup-porting and shouting for those NFL in terms of the brotherhood. We will never dishonor our military. How can we? We are the military. We are everything. We are integrated into the American society. We simply ask for the dignity of respect to not call our mothers a son of a B. If they kneel—I heard a young man who is an NFL player say that he will kneel from now on, and the only reason he is doing it is because someone has the lack of judgment to provoke the situation and call their mothers a name. I refuse to accept that as a standard of leadership for the highest office in the world. Even if you never under-stand it, sir, if you think you are play-ing to your base, if you are not the uni-fier, then we will continue to stand in the gap, and racism is going to be under our foot. Do you know where else it is going to be? It is going to be under our knee be-cause we in the Congressional Black Caucus have always stood for what is right. There is no basis in the First Amend-ment that says that you cannot kneel during the national anthem or in front of the flag. Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech or of press. Prohibition against abridging freedom of speech applies to Congress and State and local governments through the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment. Speech may be abridged in two distinct ways: directly by regulating content of speech; indi-rectly by regulating time, manner, and place. So you cannot abridge by standing up with tweets. You cannot abridge with-out law and regulation. There is no regulation that says that these young men cannot stand against the dishon-oring of their mothers by saying: Fire the son of a B. You tell me which of those children’s mothers are a son of a B. That is rac-ism. You cannot deny it. You cannot run from it. I kneel in honor of them. I kneel in front of the flag and on this floor. I kneel in honor of the First Amend-ment. I kneel because the flag is a sym-bol for freedom. I kneel because I am going to stand against racism. I kneel because I will stand with those young men, I will stand with our soldiers, and I will stand with America. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee; Ranking Mem-ber of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investiga-tions, and the Congressional Voting Rights Caucus, I rise today to express my views re-garding the President’s most recent racially in-flammatory statements and actions. On Election Night the President-Elect pledged to the nation that he would be a president to all Americans. The President has failed spectacularly to keep that promise and his pledge rings hollow to tens of millions of Americans. Last Friday, in Huntsville, Alabama, a state that was a capitol of the Confederacy, and the locus of some many seminal events in Amer-ican history and the Civil Rights Movement, that one of his fondest wishes, saying: 
Wouldn’t you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘‘Get that son of a bitch off the field right now. Out. He’s fired. He’s fired!’’ You know, some owner is going to do that. He’s going to say, ‘‘That guy that disrespects our flag, he’s fired.’’ And that owner, they don’t know it. They don’t know it. They’ll be the most popular person, for a week. They’ll be the most popular person in this country. 
The President’s remarks are wrong and dis-play a shocking lack of understanding of the U.S. Constitution, the role of non-violent civil disobedience in bringing about social change, and the latest example of him falling short in upholding the honor of office. These are the subjects I will address in my remarks this evening. Trump Racial History 1. African Americans in military; 2. Name Trump called NFL players is offen-sive 3. Non-violent protest is protected speech under the 1st Amendment Graham-Cassidy Is Worst Obamacare Re-peal Attempt Yet Finally, Mr. Speaker, let me share with our colleagues 5 Ways the Graham-Cassidy healthcare repeal bill puts Medicaid Coverage At Risk and is a disaster for Americans. The Graham-Cassidy proposal goes beyond the American Health Care Act (AHCA) passed by the House in May and the Better Care Rec-onciliation Act (BCRA) that failed in the Sen-ate in July. The Graham-Cassidy proposal revamps and cuts Medicaid, redistributes federal funds across states, and eliminates coverage for mil-lions of poor Americans as described below: Ends federal funding for current ACA cov-erage and partially replaces that funding with a block grant that expires after 2026. The proposal ends both the authority to cover childless adults and funding for the ACA Medicaid expansion that covers 15 million adults. Under Graham-Cassidy, a new block grant, the ‘‘Market-Based Health Care Grant Pro-gram,’’ combines federal funds for the ACA Medicaid expansion, premium and cost shar-ing subsidies in the Marketplace, and states’ Basic Health Plans for 2020–2026. Capped nationally, the block grant would be lower than ACA spending under current law and would end after 2026. States would need to replace federal dollars or roll back coverage. Neither the AHCA nor the BCRA included expiration dates for ACA-related federal funds or eliminated the ability for states to cover childless adults through Medicaid. Massively redistributes federal funding from Medicaid expansion states to non-expansion states through the block grant program penal-izing states that broadened coverage. In 2020, block grant funds would be distrib-uted based on federal spending in states for ACA Medicaid and Marketplace coverage. By 2026, funding would go to states accord-ing to the states’ portion of the population with incomes between 50% and 138% of poverty; the new allocation is phased in over the 2021– 2025 period. The Secretary has the authority to make other adjustments to the allocation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE7.068 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7483 September 25, 2017 
This allocation would result in a large redis-tribution of ACA funding by 2026, away from states that adopted the Medicaid expansion and redirecting funding to states that did not. No funding is provided beyond 2026. Prohibits Medicaid coverage for childless adults and allows states to use limited block grant funds to purchase private coverage for traditional Medicaid populations. States can use funds under the block grant to provide tax credits and/or cost-sharing re-ductions for individual market coverage, make direct payments to providers, or provide cov-erage for traditional Medicaid populations through private insurance. The proposal limits the amount of block grant funds that a state could use for tradi-tional Medicaid populations to 15% of its allot-ment (or 20 percent under a special waiver). These limits would shift coverage and funds for many low-income adults from Medicaid to individual market coverage. Under current law, 60 percent of federal ACA coverage funding is currently for the Medicaid expansion (covering parents and childless adults). Medicaid coverage is typically more com-prehensive, less expensive and has more fi-nancial protections compared to private insur-ance. The proposal also allows states to roll back individual market protections related to pre-mium pricing, including allowing premium rat-ing based on health status, and benefits cur-rently in the ACA. Caps and redistributes federal funds to states for the traditional Medicaid program for more than 60 million low-income children, par-ents, people with disabilities and the elderly. Similar to the BCRA and AHCA, the pro-posal establishes a Medicaid per enrollee cap as the default for federal financing based on a complicated formula tied to different inflation rates. As a result, federal Medicaid financing would grow more slowly than estimates under current law. In addition to overall spending lim-its, similar to the BCRA, the proposal would give the HHS Secretary discretion to further redistribute capped federal funds across states by making adjustments to states with high or low per enrollee spending. Eliminates federal funding for states to cover Medicaid family planning at Planned Parenthood clinics for one year. Additional funding restrictions include limits on states’ ability to use provider tax revenue to finance Medicaid as well as the termination of the enhanced match for the Community First Choice attendant care program for sen-iors and people with disabilities. Enrollment barriers include the option for states to condition Medicaid eligibility on a work requirement and to conduct more fre-quent redeterminations. Much is at stake for low-income Americans and states in the Graham-Cassidy proposal. That is why I strongly urge our Senate col-leagues to reject this latest attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  articles, statements, and tweets re-garding this topic. 
1STAMENDMENT FREEDOM OF SPEECH CLAUSE  
IN ANUTSHELL  ‘‘Congress shall make no law’’ . . . abridg-ing the freedom of speech, or of the press’’— United States Constitution, Amend. I (rati-fied December 1791) FREEDOM OF SPEECH CLAUSE  A. General principles 1. prohibition against abridging freedom of speech applies to Congress and state and local governments through the due process clause of the 14th Amendment 2. Speech may be abridged in two distinct ways: a. directly, by regulating content of speech b. indirectly, by regulating time, manner, and place 3. A law or regulation may be invalid on its face or invalid in its application to specific facts a. facial invalidity: vagueness or over-breadth b. examples of invalid as applied: parade and protest permits 4. Prior Restraints’’ are presumptively in-valid (e.g. Pentagon Papers case) B. Regulation of Speech Content 1. Advocacy of Illegal Conduct can be pun-ished if the speech advocates action and amounts to incitement of immediate and probable lawful conduct 2. Defamation: public officials and public figures cannot sue for defamation unless statements are false and made with ‘‘actual malice,’’ which requires proof of knowing or reckless disregard of statement’s falsity. (New York Times v. Sullivan) 3. Obscene Speech is not protected by the First Amendment. Examples: National En-dowment for the Arts funding, ‘‘gangster rap’’ music and lewd lyrics, etc.). To be con-sidered obscene, speech or material must sat-isfy multi-part test: a. an average person, applying contem-porary community standards, would find b. the material, taken as a whole, c. appeals to prurient interests, and d. lacks redeeming social, educational, po-litical, or artistic value 4. Symbolic Speech is protected by First Amendment. Examples of symbolic speech: a. Flag Desecration (Texas v. Johnson, 491 U.S. 397(1989) b. Draft Card Burning (U.S. v. O’Brien, (1968)) c. Arm Bands in school to protest Vietnam War (Tinker v. Des Moines School District (1968)) d. Campaign Finance Laws (Buckley v. Valeo, (1976)) 5. Commercial Speech may be regulated much more easily and extensively than polit-ical speech to protect public health and safe-ty. Examples of advertising that can be banned a. Tobacco products b. Distilled Spirits and Alcohol products c. Handguns and assault weapons d. Illegal Drugs 
[From the Huffington Post, Aug. 14, 2017] H
EREARE16 T IMES TRUMP EMBRACED RACISM  
TRUMP HAS A HISTORY OF BEING HESITANT TO  
CONDEMN WHITE SUPREMACISTS  (By Lydia O’Connor, Daniel Marans) Examples of Trump’s racism dating as far back as the 1970s. 1. Some of his top advisers and cabinet picks have histories of prejudice 2. Trump denied responsibility for the rac-ist incidents that followed his election 3. He launched a travel ban targeting Mus-lims 4. He attacked Muslim Gold Star parents 5. He claimed a judge was biased because ‘‘he’s a Mexican’’ 6. The Justice Department sued his com-pany—twice—for not renting to black people 7. In fact, discrimination against black people has been a pattern throughout Trump’s career 8. He refused to immediately condemn the white supremacists who advocated for him 9. He questioned whether President Barack Obama was born in the United States 10. He treats racial groups as monoliths 11. He trashed Native Americans, too 12. He encouraged the mob anger that re-sulted in the wrongful imprisonment of the Central Park Five 13. He condoned the beating of a Black Lives Matter protester 14. He called supporters who beat up a homeless Latino man ‘‘passionate’’ 15. He stereotyped Jews and shared an anti- Semitic image created by white suprema-cists 16. He treats African-American supporters as tokens to dispel the idea he is racist MILITARY HISTORY OF AFRICAN AMERICANS  The Military history of African Americans spans from the arrival of the first black slaves during the colonial history of the United States to the present day. In every war fought by or within the United States, African Americans participated, including the Revolutionary War, the War of 1812, the Mexican-American War, the Civil War, the Spanish-American War, the World Wars, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Gulf War, and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as other minor conflicts. 
TEXANS RELEASE STATEMENT  ‘‘The NFL specifically, and football in gen-eral, has always unified our communities and families. The comments made by the President were divisive and counter-productive to what our country needs right now. I hope the reaction from our players re-sults in positive action for our league, our communities and our country as a whole to make a positive difference in our society. Texans players are caring, intelligent men who do so much good, as was shown in the past month when our city was devastated by Hurricane Harvey. I have never been more proud of our players and our team than dur-ing this time. It was a display of what is truly possible when we all work together. We will continue to support our players to work together to promote the values of respect and unity.’’ 
OTHER STATEMENTS FROMNFL 
COMMISSIONER ROGER GOODELL  The NFL and our players are at our best when we help create a sense of unity in our country and our culture. There is no better example than the amazing response from our clubs and players to the terrible natural dis-asters we’ve experienced over the last month. Divisive comments like these dem-onstrate an unfortunate lack of respect for the NFL, our great game and all of our play-ers, and a failure to understand the over-whelming force for good our clubs and play-ers represent in our communities. 
NEW YORK GIANTS CO -OWNER ’S JOHN MARA AND  
STEVE TISCH  ‘‘Comments like we heard last night from the president are inappropriate, offensive and divisive. We are proud of our players, the vast majority of whom use their NFL plat-form to make a positive difference in our so-ciety.’’ 
INDIANAPOLIS COLTS OWNER JIM IRSAY  ‘‘I am troubled by the President’s recent comments about our league and our players. Sports in America have the unique ability to bring people from all walks of life and from different points of view together to work to-ward or root for a common goal, and the In-dianapolis Colts are proud to be a part of that tradition in our home city and state. The vast majority of players in the NFL—es-pecially those who have worn and continue to wear the Horseshoe—have donated mil-lions of dollars to charities, raised money for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:00 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.027 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7484 September 25, 2017 
those affected by recent hurricanes, created charitable foundations, visited schools, mentored students, worked in homeless shel-ters, cleaned up parks, and put in hours of their personal time toward improving their communities and the lives of those around them. That’s the spirit in which this nation was founded, and we all need to work tire-lessly to bring people together to take on the challenges that face us and give back to the people of our communities. More so than any result on the field, that is a common goal worth rooting for.’’ 
SEATTLE SEAHAWKS HEAD COACH PETE CARROLL  ‘‘In this incredibly polarizing time, there’s no longer a place to sit silently. It’s time to take a stand. We stand for love and justice and civility. We stand for our players and their constitutional rights, just as we stand for equality for all people. We stand against divisiveness and hate and dehumanization. We are in the midst of a tremendously chal-lenging time, a time longing for healing. Change needs to happen; we will stand for change. May we all have the courage to take a stand for our beliefs while not diminishing the rights of others, as this is the beating heart of our democracy. As a team, we are united in a mission to bring people together to help create positive change. We can no longer remain silent. I will stand with our players.’’ 
TWEETS FROMPRESIDENT TRUMP  Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small per-centage of total) These are fans who demand respect for our Flag! 7:31 AM—Sep. 25, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Coun-try, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! 7:39 AM—Sep. 25, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans. They won’t put up with dis-respecting our Country or our Flag—they said it loud and clear! 7:25 AM—Sep. 25, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country. NFL should change policy! 6:25 PM—Sep. 24, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag & Coun-try, you will see change take place fast. Fire or suspend! 6:44 AM—Sep. 24, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL, or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect . . . 2:11 PM—Sep. 23, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump . . . our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU’RE FIRED. Find something else to do! 2:18 PM—Sep. 23, 2017. Donald J. Trump @realDonaldTrump Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a state-ment trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our country. Tell them to stand! 6:25 PM—Sep. 23, 2017. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President, and to direct their remarks to the Chair. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, back in March, the Congres-sional Black Caucus met with President Trump to deliver a 130-page policy document which highlighted a host of issues facing the black community in America. From voting rights to criminal justice reform, and economic justice to education and the workforce, there are many areas of society that still experience ele-ments of institutionalized racism and discrimi-nation against people of color and other vul-nerable segments of the population. The undermining of the Voting Rights Act in the wake of the Shelby County Supreme Court decision paved the way for countless states, including Texas, to adopt discriminatory voting laws that were aimed at disenfranchising en-tire segments of the population. Participation in our elections and the inalienable right to vote are fundamental pillars of our democracy. Our democracy does not function properly without the successful and unimpeded partici-pation of the voting public. Yet, these discrimi-natory voting laws have been found to do ex-actly that, while disproportionately affecting mi-nority populations, the elderly, and the poor. The criminal justice system is another area that is ripe for reform as we consider the fact that African Americans make up only 13 per-cent of the U.S. population, yet account for 37 percent of prison inmates. In some instances, harsh mandatory minimum sentences con-demn relatively minor criminals to a life behind bars. In other examples, we see non-violent drug offenders facing decades in prison over a crime that is better addressed by health pro-fessionals, not the criminal justice system. The use of private prisons in states such as Texas has also created a dangerous profit motive be-hind keeping individuals incarcerated. These toxic conditions are a recipe for disaster that has propelled the United States as the world leader for its prison population rate. Mr. Speaker, there is much that we can do as a nation to root out any last remnants of racism in our country and address many of these issues. However, it requires the partici-pation and cooperation of a wide range of stakeholder, regardless of party affiliation or background. Restoring Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act through legislation would help ad-dress many of the discriminatory voting laws that we have seen emerge, thereby restoring full access to voting for every American. Elimi-nating mandatory minimum sentencing and treating non-violent drug offenses as a health issue instead of a criminal matter would help reduce the prison population while giving law- abiding citizens a well-deserved second chance. These are tangible steps that we can take today to lessen the racial disparities that exist in our society. I encourage each of my colleagues to work cooperatively to achieve this end. The American people demand it, and we will be a better nation for it. f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. A
DERHOLT (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today on account of of-ficial business in the State. Mrs. N
APOLITANO (at the request of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today on account of at-tending to spouse’s health issues. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 8 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tues-day, September 26, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morning-hour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2622. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General James B. Laster, United States Marine Corps, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list, pursu-ant to 10 U.S.C. 1370(c)(1); Public Law 96-513, Sec. 112 (as amended by Public Law 104-106, Sec. 502(b)); (110 Stat. 293); to the Committee on Armed Services. 2623. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Manpower and Reserve Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting a no-tice of mobilizations of Selected Reserve units from October 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 12304b(d); Pub-lic Law 112-81, Sec. 516(a)(1); (125 Stat. 1396); to the Committee on Armed Services. 2624. A letter from the Chair, Board of Gov-ernors of the Federal Reserve System, trans-mitting the Annual Report to the Congress on the Presidential $1 Coin Program, pursu-ant to 31 U.S.C. 5112(p)(3)(B); Public Law 97- 258 (as amended by Public Law 109-145, Sec. 104); (119 Stat. 2670); to the Committee on Fi-nancial Services. 2625. A letter from the Secretary of Agri-culture, Secretary of Health and Human Services, Department of Agriculture, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting the Report on Notifications of Thefts, Losses, or Releases of Select Agents and Toxins for calendar year 2016, pursuant to 7 U.S.C. 8401(k); Pub. L. 107-188, Sec. 212(k); (116 Stat. 656); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2626. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease: 2017 Update’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 11225(g); Public Law 111-375, Sec. 2(g); (124 Stat. 4102); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2627. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting a Declaration of a Public Health Emergency and Waiver and/or Modification of Certain HIPAA, and Medicare, Medicaid, and Children’s Health Insurance Program Requirements (Territory of the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico), pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 247d(a); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title III, Sec. 319(a) (as amended by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 144(a)); (116 Stat. 630) and 42 U.S.C. 1320b-5(d); Aug. 14, 1935, ch. 531, title XI, Sec. 1135(d) (as added by Public Law 107-188, Sec. 143(a)); (116 Stat. 628); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2628. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Report to Congress on the Ninth Review of the Backlog of Post-marketing Requirements and Postmarketing Commitments, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(k)(5)(B); June 25, 1938, ch. 675, Sec. 505(k)(5)(B) (as added by Public Law 110-85, Sec. 921); (121 Stat. 962); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 2629. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94- 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.032 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7485 September 25, 2017 
412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2630. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of the Treasury, transmitting a six- month periodic report on the national emer-gency with respect to significant narcotics traffickers centered in Colombia, that was declared in Executive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94-412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95-223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 2631. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting notifica-tion of an Executive Order issued with re-spect to North Korea that expands the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13466 of June 26, 2008, as amended by Executive Order 13551 of August 30, 2010, and Executive Order 13570 of April 18, 2011, pursu-ant to 50 U.S.C. 1703(b); Public Law 95-223 Sec. 204(b); (91 Stat. 1627) (H. Doc. No. 115— 69); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 2632. A letter from the Director, White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of an action on nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105-277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform. 2633. A letter from the Deputy General Counsel, General Services Administration, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 2634. A letter from the Chief, Border Secu-rity Regulations Branch, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the De-partment’s final rule — Changes to the In- Bond Process [USCBP-2012-0002] [CBP Dec. 17-13] (RIN: 1515-AD81) received September 21, 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. Supplemental report on H.R. 2824. A bill to amend title V of the Social Se-curity Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program (Rept. 115–315, Pt. 2). Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 2199. A bill to improve Federal land management, resource con-servation, environmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multi-purpose cadastre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and out-of-date Federal land inventories, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–322). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. M
CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Se-curity. H.R. 3551. A bill to amend the Secu-rity and Accountability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Program, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–323). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 986. A bill to clarify the rights of Indians and Indian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act; with an amendment (Rept. 115–324). Re-ferred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committed on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 2775. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in orga-nizing elections be provided to the National Labor Relations Board; with an amendment (Rept. 115–325). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee n Education and the Workforce. H.R. 2776. A bill to amend the Na-tional Labor Relations Act with respect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identification of pre-elec-tion issues; with an amendment (Rept. 115– 326). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 767. A bill to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to ad-dress human trafficking in the health care system with amendments; (Rept. 115–327). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 2422. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essen-tial oral health care for low-income and other undeserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other pur-poses; with an amendment (Rept. 115–328). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 1222. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Fed-eral congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and aware-ness of congenital heart disease, and for other purpose; with an amendment (Rept. 115–329). Referred to’ the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 880. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate as-signment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to main-tain military trauma readiness and to sup-port such centers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–330. Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 533. Resolution providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2824) to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program; providing for con-sideration of the bill (H.R. 2792) to amend the Social Security Act to make certain revi-sions to provisions limiting payment of bene-fits to fugitive felons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Security Act; and for other purposes (Rept. 115–331). Referred to the House Calendar. f PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. MAST (for himself, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. W
ALZ): H.R. 3819. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring pro-visions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Budg-et, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provi-sions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. considered and passed. By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. COS-
TELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. T
ONKO ): H.R. 3820. A bill to permit occupational therapists to conduct the initial assessment visit and complete the comprehensive assess-ment under a Medicare home health plan of care for certain rehabilitation cases; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addi-tion to the Committee on Energy and Com-merce, for a period to be subsequently deter-mined by the Speaker, in each case for con-sideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for him-self, Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. W
OODALL , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Geor-gia, Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. A US-
TINSCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. L
OUDERMILK , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D AVID S
COTT of Georgia, Mr. F ERGUSON , Mr. L
EWIS of Georgia, and Mrs. H ANDEL ): H.R. 3821. A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zachary Addington Post Office’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself and Mr. W
ALKER ): H.R. 3822. A bill to require the Congres-sional Budget Office to make publicly avail-able the fiscal and mathematical models, data, and other details of computations used in cost analysis and scoring; to the Com-mittee on the Budget. By Mr. BRADY of Texas (for himself, Mr. S
HUSTER , and Mr. C URBELO of Florida): H.R. 3823. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, to provide disaster tax relief, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, Energy and Com-merce, Financial Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas (for himself, Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C
ULBERSON , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, and Mr. O
LSON ): H.R. 3824. A bill to direct the Secretary of the Army to submit to Congress a report with respect to dams, reservoirs, lakes, and other water retention facilities in Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Ms. S
TEFANIK ): H.R. 3825. A bill to amend the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 to harmonize the defi-nitions of employee with the common law; to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida (for her-self and Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ): H.R. 3826. A bill to amend title XXVIII of the Public Health Service Act to establish a National Advisory Committee on Seniors and Disasters; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C
UMMINGS , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K IL-
DEE, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25SE7.000 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7486 September 25, 2017 
MOORE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. S
A´NCHEZ , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. V
ISCLOSKY , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. E
SPAILLAT , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. P A-
NETTA , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. B ASS, Mr. T ED L
IEUof California, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. L
OFGREN , and Mr. K EATING ): H.R. 3827. A bill to repeal the authority under the National Labor Relations Act for States to enact laws prohibiting agreements requiring membership in a labor organiza-tion as a condition of employment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Ms. SLAUGHTER (for herself, Ms. J
UDY CHUof California, and Mr. M
CNERNEY ): H.R. 3828. A bill to support educational en-tities in fully implementing title IX and re-ducing and preventing sex discrimination in all areas of education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H. Res. 532. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regard-ing conduct during a rendition of the Na-tional Anthem; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona: H. Res. 534. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the people of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have the right to determine their status as a sovereign country; to the Committee on For-eign Affairs. By Mr. PALLONE (for himself, Mr. B
ERA, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. G
ENEGREEN of Texas): H. Res. 535. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the Republic of India should be a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council; to the Committee on Foreign Af-fairs. By Mr. POLIQUIN (for himself and Ms. P
INGREE ): H. Res. 536. A resolution expressing support for the designation of September 25, 2017, as ‘‘National Lobster Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
124. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 198, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to continue the partner-ship which exists between the State and Fed-eral Government to manage the Medicaid program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 125. Also, a memorial of the General As-sembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Assembly Resolution No. 212, urging Con-gress and the President to enact legislation that creates a federal tax credit for hiring new apprentices; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. MAST: H.R. 3819. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution—‘‘provide for the common De-fense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. MEEHAN: H.R. 3820. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia: H.R. 3821. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, Congress is em-powered ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post roads’’. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 3822. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution for the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constition in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof By Mr. BRADY of Texas: H.R. 3823. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 3824. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 3825. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clauses 3 and 18 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. FRANKEL of Florida: H.R. 3826. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8, of Article I of the Constitution states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be nec-essary and proper for carrying into Execu-tion the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof.’’ By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 3827. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. SLAUGHTER: H.R. 3828. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 20: Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 36: Mr. H
OLDING , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. G
OWDY , Mr. J OHNSON of Lou- isiana, Mr. J
ENKINS of West Virginia, and Mr. R
USSELL . H.R. 103: Mr. YODER . H.R. 299: Mr. R
EICHERT and Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas. H.R. 314: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. H AR-
RIS. H.R. 358: Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 365: Mr. M
ARSHALL . H.R. 367: Mr. H
URDand Mr. B ACON . H.R. 389: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 392: Mr. N
ORCROSS , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. B
EYER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. B
UCK, and Mr. B ANKS of Indiana. H.R. 482: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 486: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 502: Mr. L
EVIN, Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. L
AWSON of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mis- sissippi, Ms. A
DAMS , and Mr. C ONYERS . H.R. 535: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 548: Miss R
ICEof New York. H.R. 579: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. C ARSON of In- diana. H.R. 592: Mr. K
IHUEN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. O’H
ALLERAN , Mr. L EWIS of Minnesota, Mrs. D
EMINGS , Ms. M ENG, and Mr. S EANPATRICK  M
ALONEY of New York. H.R. 635: Ms. D
EGETTE . H.R. 637: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 644: Mr. L
ONG. H.R. 681: Mr. H
ARRIS and Mr. G RAVES of Georgia. H.R. 685: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Ms. W IL-
SONof Florida, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . H.R. 719: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 747: Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Ms. E STYof Con- necticut, Mr. L
ONG, Mr. P ITTENGER , and Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 750: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. M
CKINLEY . H.R. 754: Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. C
RAMER , Mr. C ONYERS , and Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 785: Mr. L
ONG, Mr. J OHNSON of Lou- isiana, Mr. M
ITCHELL , and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 812: Mr. J
EFFRIES , Ms. L EE, Mrs. D IN-
GELL , and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 820: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. P
ANETTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. D
ENT, and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 828: Mr. H
URDand Mrs. B USTOS . H.R. 830: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 850: Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 866: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 909: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. D OG-
GETT , and Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 947: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 980: Mr. T
ONKO . H.R. 1002: Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. M ITCHELL , and Ms. L
EE. H.R. 1017: Ms. S
LAUGHTER , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. C
OFFMAN . H.R. 1037: Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 1057: Mr. P
EARCE , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. D
ESJARLAIS . H.R. 1092: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1098: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. U
PTON . H.R. 1111: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1148: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. M OORE . H.R. 1156: Mr. A
USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. C
RAMER , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 1267: Mr. R
EICHERT . H.R. 1270: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 1299: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D
OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1316: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1322: Mr. C
UMMINGS and Mr. C ROWLEY . H.R. 1378: Mr. Y
ODER . H.R. 1406: Ms. E
DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J
EFFRIES , Mr. S MITH of Wash- ington, Ms. L
EE, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C
LAY, Ms. S INEMA , Mr. D OGGETT , and Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 1409: Mr. T
URNER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L25SE7.100 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H7487 September 25, 2017 
CONNOLLY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. H IMES, Mrs. B
LACK , and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 1413: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 1421: Mr. N
ADLER and Mr. F ASO. H.R. 1456: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, Mr. B EYER , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. D OGGETT , and Mrs. B
USTOS . H.R. 1457: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 1472: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania and Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 1552: Mr. W
ESTERMAN . H.R. 1606: Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 1661: Mr. D
ENT, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. P ALAZZO . H.R. 1676: Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C
ROWLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. J ODYB. H
ICEof Georgia, and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 1686: Mr. M
ARCHANT . H.R. 1697: Mr. H
OLLINGSWORTH and Mr. G
RAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 1734: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico, Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1772: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 1784: Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York and Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 1796: Ms. B
ORDALLO . H.R. 1815: Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. R
OYBAL -ALLARD . H.R. 1847: Mr. B
LUM. H.R. 1865: Mr. C
OHEN , Ms. N ORTON and Mr. F
RELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 1876: Mr. F
ERGUSON , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W
EBER of Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. A
LLEN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. H AR-
RIS, and Mr. S ESSIONS . H.R. 1889: Mr. K
HANNA , Mrs. D INGELL , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 1917: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1939: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 1955: Mr. R
ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2023: Mr. T
IPTON . H.R. 2049: Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 2061: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mrs. R
ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2077: Mr. D
UNN. H.R. 2086: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W
ALBERG , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. B
ABIN, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. A LLEN , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. G OOD-
LATTE . H.R. 2101: Mr. G
ALLAGHER . H.R. 2106: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2121: Mr. E
MMER . H.R. 2133: Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. W EBSTER of Flor- ida, Mr. E
STES of Kansas, and Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 2180: Mr. C
ROWLEY . H.R. 2181: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2228: Mr. C
ONYERS and Mr. H OLLINGS -
WORTH . H.R. 2248: Mrs. N
APOLITANO . H.R. 2259: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2260: Mrs. N
APOLITANO , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M
ATSUI , Mr. S ERRANO , and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 2285: Mr. C
A´RDENAS and Mr. M CNER-
NEY. H.R. 2310: Mr. M
EADOWS . H.R. 2319: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD and Ms. J ACK-
SONLEE. H.R. 2320: Mr. C
LAY. H.R. 2327: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. C OURTNEY , and Mr. M
ASSIE . H.R. 2340: Mr. H
ECK. H.R. 2345: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2358: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 2392: Mr. S
HERMAN . H.R. 2405: Mr. B
ANKS of Indiana, Mr. W EB-
STER of Florida, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. H
ULTGREN . H.R. 2416: Mr. P
ETERS . H.R. 2418: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 2465: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 2482: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. E DDIE BER-
NICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. L AR-
SENof Washington, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. C ON-NOLLY , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. L YNCH , Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. M
CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M ITCH-
ELL, Mr. H OYER , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. L
IPINSKI , Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 2519: Mr. Y
ODER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C
LAY, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. M
OORE , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia, Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. L
ABRADOR , Mr. B RADY of Penn- sylvania, Mr. G
OHMERT , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. K
INZINGER , Mr. H OLLINGSWORTH , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. D
ESJARLAIS , and Ms. M CSALLY . H.R. 2550: Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 2569: Mr. S
ANFORD . H.R. 2587: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York. H.R. 2589: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 2598: Mr. E
VANS . H.R. 2641: Mr. N
ORCROSS and Mr. H UDSON . H.R. 2651: Mr. B
EYER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Miss R
ICEof New York, and Ms. D
ELAURO . H.R. 2658: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 2670: Mr. B
EYER . H.R. 2690: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 2721: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 2723: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. W
ESTERMAN , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Mr. F
RANKS of Arizona. H.R. 2748: Mr. P
OLIS, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H
ECK, Ms. D ELBENE and Mr. T EDLIEUof California. H.R. 2754: Mr. B
UCSHON . H.R. 2775: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 2790: Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, and Ms. S A´NCHEZ . H.R. 2803: Mr. G
OTTHEIMER . H.R. 2821: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 2827: Mr. C
RIST. H.R. 2851: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 2870: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 2871: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 2886: Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. E VANS , Mr. H
ASTINGS , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 2890: Mrs. B
USTOS and Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2898: Mr. G
ALLEGO . H.R. 2907: Ms. C
HENEY . H.R. 2936: Mr. L
AMALFA . H.R. 2942: Mr. T
EDLIEUof California. H.R. 3030: Mr. C
APUANO . H.R. 3053: Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. S
COTT of Virginia, Mr. S MUCKER , Mr. T HOMAS  J. R
OONEY of Florida, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. C
HABOT , Mr. C OMER , and Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3054: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 3117: Mr. W
ESTERMAN and Mr. L ONG. H.R. 3132: Mr. H
UFFMAN . H.R. 3133: Mr. P
ALAZZO . H.R. 3138: Mr. P
OCAN . H.R. 3153: Mr. B
UTTERFIELD . H.R. 3167: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 3186: Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. S
CHIFF , and Mr. P ANETTA . H.R. 3197: Mr. C
ORREA and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 3199: Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3222: Mr. S
ERRANO . H.R. 3224: Mr. C
RAMER . H.R. 3258: Mr. C
ONYERS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. D
EMINGS , and Mr. C OURTNEY . H.R. 3274: Mr. B
ARLETTA , Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G
RAVES of Georgia, Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M
OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. S
MITH of Washington, Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . H.R. 3282: Mr. P
EARCE and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 3311: Ms. H
ANABUSA . H.R. 3312: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C
URBELO of Florida, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. W EBSTER  of Florida, Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. C AR-
TERof Texas, and Mr. B UCHANAN . H.R. 3320: Mr. W
EBER of Texas. H.R. 3342: Mr. K
INGof New York and Ms. S
TEFANIK . H.R. 3345: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 3349: Ms. D
ELBENE. H.R. 3365: Mr. G
OSAR , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. B
RAT, and Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3380: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 3394: Mr. P
OLIQUIN . H.R. 3395: Mr. P
ALLONE , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. S
OTO, Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. B
RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B
ROWNLEY of California, Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 3409: Mr. M
ITCHELL , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R
ENACCI , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. M
OOLENAAR , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mrs. N APOLI -
TANO . H.R. 3415: Mr. S
CHIFF and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3419: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3440: Mr. B
ARTON . H.R. 3441: Mr. A
DERHOLT , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. H
ARRIS , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. Y
OHO, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. F
LEISCHMANN , Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina, and Mr. C ARTER  of Texas. H.R. 3497: Mr. G
ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3545: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3546: Mr. D
UNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 3548: Mr. Z
ELDIN , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. H ARPER , and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 3556: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 3576: Mr. F
ARENTHOLD , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. Z
ELDIN , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 3577: Mr. E
VANS , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. L
ARSEN of Washington, and Ms. F UDGE . H.R. 3581: Mr. R
OYCE of California. H.R. 3582: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E VANS , Mr. P
OCAN , and Ms. S HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3641: Mr. B
ISHOP of Georgia, Ms. S
PEIER , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. F
UDGE , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. B
UCSHON , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M
CKINLEY , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, Mr. K
ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R EICHERT , Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. N UNES , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. M
ESSER , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. B
ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  J
OHNSON of Texas, Mr. L ARSON of Con- necticut, Mr. D
UNN, Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. C
OHEN . H.R. 3646: Mr. F
ORTENBERRY . H.R. 3684: Mr. P
ERLMUTTER , Mr. S WALWELL  of California, Ms. B
LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. M
CEACHIN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. E
NGEL . H.R. 3692: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 3703: Mr. S
ERRANO , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 3720: Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 3729: Ms. J
ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 3748: Ms. B
ONAMICI , Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. L
OFGREN , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. E VANS , and Ms. N
ORTON . H.R. 3755: Ms. M
OORE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. T
ITUS, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. R USH, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J
AYAPAL , and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3759: Mr. S
ESSIONS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. Z ELDIN , Ms. N OR-
TON, Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. S
EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. P
INGREE , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. R
OSEN . H.R. 3760: Mr. G
RIJALVA . H.R. 3761: Mr. G
IANFORTE , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, and Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama. H.R. 3770: Mr. K
ILMER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. H ARPER , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. W
ELCH , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. O’R
OURKE , Mr. E VANS , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C
ORREA , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. V ELA, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. N OR-
MAN, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:22 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.019 H25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH7488 September 25, 2017 
SCHRADER , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. K
EATING , Mr. L YNCH , and Mr. V
ISCLOSKY . H.R. 3782: Mr. C
ICILLINE , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. N
ADLER . H.R. 3784: Ms. J
ACKSON LEE, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. M
EEKS . H.R. 3797: Mr. N
ORMAN . H.R. 3806: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER and Mr. K
HANNA . H.J. Res. 88: Ms. L
EE. H. Con. Res. 13: Mr. N
ORMAN , Mr. M
CEACHIN , and Mr. M EADOWS . H. Con. Res. 61: Mr. H
ECK. H. Res. 129: Mr. P
ERRY , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. M
OULTON . H. Res. 136: Mr. C
RIST. H. Res. 274: Mr. K
ENNEDY and Mr. G RAVES  of Louisiana. H. Res. 318: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska and Ms. S
INEMA . H. Res. 349: Mr. C
OHEN and Mr. B LU-
MENAUER . H. Res. 395: Mr. E
VANS . H. Res. 401: Mr. B
EYER . H. Res. 490: Mr. R
EICHERT . H. Res. 495: Mrs. B
EATTY . H. Res. 510: Ms. M
CSALLY and Mr. H ECK. f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIM-ITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIM-ITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: The amendment to be offered by Rep-resentative A
DRIAN SMITH (NE), to H.R. 2824, the Increasing Opportunity and Success for Children and Parents through Evidence- Based Home Visiting Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and reso-lutions, as follows: 
H.R. 1865: Mr. M CNERNEY . H.R. 2299: Mr. C
URBELO of Florida. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:37 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 7634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE7.024 H25SEPT1
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5873 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 2017 No. 153 
Senate 
The Senate met at 4 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Lord God, in these dan-gerous, divisive, and challenging times, You continue to be our refuge and strength. Deliver our lawmakers from fear, doubt, weariness, and impatience as they learn to trust the unfolding of Your powerful providence. Lord, elimi-nate from their lives the forces that would destroy their peace of mind. Give them Your mercy that will make them more forgiving, Your strength that will make them more resolute to do Your will, and Your grace that will empower them to experience the ulti-mate triumph of Your purposes. Lord, remind our national and world leaders that words matter and that the power of life and death is in the tongue. Provide us all with the pa-tience to continue to plant and water the seeds of justice and truth. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). The majority leader is rec-ognized. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, by now, we all know the pain ObamaCare continues to inflict on our families, our communities, and our country. Sky-rocketing prices, disappearing choices, failing markets—that is the legacy of ObamaCare. It has hurt so many al-ready. Without reforms, it will hurt even more Americans as it continues a year-long march toward total collapse. Across the aisle, there are two basic schools of thought on what to do about this. One is essentially nothing. Two is to quadruple down on ObamaCare with a massive expansion of a failed idea—a fully government-run system that would strip even more Americans of their healthcare plans and take away even more of their health decisions. Neither of these options is accept-able. If ObamaCare’s failure has shown us anything, it is that we need new ideas and a better approach. That is what the Senate pursued this summer. That is what Senators GRAHAM and C ASSIDY  are pursuing now. I would like to thank them for all of their dedicated work. I would also like to thank the com-mittees that worked so hard on this legislation as well, including the Budg-et Committee under Chairman E
NZI, the HELP Committee under Chairman A
LEXANDER , and the Finance Com-mittee under Chairman H
ATCH , which just held a hearing on the bill this afternoon. I would like to thank each of these committees, their chairs, their mem-bers, and their staffs for their hard work to provide the American people with a better way than ObamaCare and its years of failure. 
f 
NOMINATION OF WILLIAM EMANUEL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, for more than 80 years, the NLRB has been responsible for the impartial resolution of labor disputes and for ensuring sta-ble labor relations. Under the Board majority appointed by the Obama administration, however, the NLRB moved from fair adminis-trator of the law to partisan activist— one that put leftwing ideology, deep- pocketed union bosses, and other spe-cial interest friends ahead of middle- class workers. It pursued an ambush election rule that would weaken workers’ rights. It implemented a joint employer mandate that would disadvantage small busi-nesses. The list goes on, and the Obama administration pulled out every stop to get its way on the Board as well—ev-erything from illegally appointing its Members to refusing to allow a Repub-lican vacancy to be filled for nearly 2 years. A new majority on the NLRB can begin to undo this severe damage and restore the Board’s neutrality. Confirming the nominee before us today, William Emanuel, is sure to mark a turning point in the NLRB’s di-rection. His experience in labor law is deep, his credentials are impressive, and his confirmation will finally allow the NLRB to return to its important work with a full slate of Senate-con-firmed Board Members—for the first time since 2015. The National Labor Relations Board is supposed to be a neutral umpire in labor disputes. It is time it get back to that important original mission. Con-firming Mr. Emanuel today will allow it to do just that. Mr. President, I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.000 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5874 September 25, 2017 
HURRICANE AND WILDFIRE RELIEF Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, Puer-to Rico and the nearby U.S. Virgin Is-lands have been buffeted by not one but two successive hurricanes, including a direct hit by the powerful Hurricane Maria. Many citizens have had their homes and businesses destroyed, tens of thousands—hundreds of thousands— are living without electricity, hus-banding gas and food and water and their remaining cash. The situation is desperate. Puerto Rico has taken a se-rious punch to the gut. They need our help, and they need it now. These are our fellow Americans—3.5 million of them. It is our duty in the Senate to speedily send aid to the peo-ple of Puerto Rico and to the U.S. Vir-gin Islands, just as we did for the peo-ple of Texas and Louisiana who were hit by Hurricane Harvey and the people of my own State when we suffered from Hurricane Sandy, as we will do for the people of Florida who were hit by Hur-ricane Irma. So let’s all work together to help the island of Puerto Rico rebuild and re-cover, just as we would anywhere else in America. At the same time, we must bear in mind that much of the western part of our country is besieged by wildfires. The Senators from Oregon have come to the floor to remind us of our duty to help those parts of the country also. The administration must quickly prepare an appropriate aid package for Florida, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and the Western States for Congress to act on in the near future. We Democrats will insist that any package of supplemental aid for Hurri-canes Harvey and Irma also include aid for Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Is-lands, and the Western States ravaged by forest fires. We owe it to every State and community impacted by these devastating hurricanes and these horrible firestorms. One beautiful thing about this coun-try is, although we are 50 States with different ideas and politics and ac-cents, we are also one Nation, bound together, and we will come to the aid of any individual State or territory whenever one of them is in need. 
f 
HEALTHCARE Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, on healthcare, last night we began to see reports of a new version of the Gra-ham-Cassidy bill. Faced with stern re-sistance from several Members of their own caucus, it appears that the authors of the legislation have tweaked the bill in an attempt to gain the support of the holdouts. Despite sending more money to the States of those Members, this new bill, if anything, is worse in many ways than before and, in the long run, will still result in a net cut for every single State in the country. It still contains a massive cut to Medicaid, it still defunds Planned Par-enthood, and it actually further weak-ens consumer protections, and almost completely does away with protections for those with preexisting conditions— even worse than in the first version. The S&P has just come out with a study that estimates that Graham-Cas-sidy would result in 580,000 lost jobs and $240 billion in lost economic activ-ity by 2027. That is not a Democratic propaganda machine, that is Standard & Poor’s; down the middle, 580,000 jobs lost and $240 billion in lost economic activity if Graham-Cassidy is enacted. Under the latest version, States would be able to lift the regulation that caps out-of-pocket costs, meaning insurance companies could offer barebones policies with sky-high deductibles and copays. Under the latest version, States could do away with lifetime limits, meaning insurance companies could cap the amount of coverage you receive for a given illness. Imagine the parent of a child suffering with cancer being told your policy only covers 4 months of treatment; you are on your own after that—devastating to too many families in this country. Under the latest version, States could remove the benefit of getting preventive services at no cost, such as birth control, cancer screening, and immunizations. Under the latest version, States could opt out of the preexisting condition without even ap-plying for a waiver. So even more so than in the old bill, preexisting condi-tions are not protected. States just have to submit a plan that allows for adequate and affordable insurance. In other words, the new Gra-ham-Cassidy makes it even easier and even more likely that States will allow insurance companies to discriminate against Americans with preexisting conditions. Again, that parent of a child aching with cancer is in real jeop-ardy. Maybe they can’t even get insur-ance at all. In short, the new Graham-Cassidy tells every American with potentially high medical costs, you are on your own. If you have diabetes, cancer, con-genital illness, or asthma, Graham- Cassidy says that you are on your own. It eviscerates the protections that make healthcare affordable for those who need it most. It is no wonder that it is so unpopu-lar with Americans. Recently, even though the bill has just been intro-duced, a majority of Americans say they don’t like it. The more they learn—just like with the old TrumpCare—the less they like it. Americans want good healthcare, lower premiums, and more coverage. This bill does the opposite—higher pre-miums, fewer people covered, and it makes it harder to get good insurance. Guess what. We are expected to vote on this bill in just 2 or 3 days. There will have been only a single hearing, which Republicans scheduled almost as an afterthought, just to say they had one. Certainly, there will not be any amendments to the bill. It is not going to go through the committee process. There will not be a shred of input from the minority, despite all the com-plaints that ObamaCare, which did have input from the minority, was passed by one party’s vote. The Senate’s former Historian said he could not think of ‘‘anything com-parable’’ to the process Republicans are employing in the entire history of the Senate. The Senate’s former Histo-rian, a scholar, said that there is noth-ing comparable to the process being employed now—one-sixth of the econ-omy, no amendments, one hearing, no changes. Add to that fact that the CBO will not have enough time to properly ana-lyze this legislation. We will not know how it actually impacts our healthcare system. At most, we will get a barebones analysis sometime today that may not tell us a thing about how Graham-Cassidy would impact cov-erage—the cost of care, the quality of care, and the stability of marketplaces. It is shockingly incomplete not to have our CBO tell the American people and tell us—the representatives of each State—how it affects their State and rush it through. Even after the mini-mal CBO report today, Republicans will still be voting on a healthcare bill with thick blindfolds on their eyes. They will not be able to see it. My guess is that I don’t think they want to see it. When the American people learn what is in this bill, they are going to dislike it intensely—intensely. The new TrumpCare is bad policy. It is being jammed through this body at an alarming, ludicrous pace. To say it is hastily constructed and considered barely scratches the surface. New versions are coming out every few hours. The websites of the Senators from Louisiana and South Carolina keep saying: We are changing this; we are changing that. It is Monday. We are voting this week. The Republicans are basically scrawling a healthcare law for 300 mil-lion people on the back of a bar napkin. The bill should go down. I believe my Republican colleagues who were skep-tical about this policy and this process are too principled to be swayed by last- minute formula tweaks. Governor Walker of Alaska, an Inde-pendent, has said he will not support a healthcare bill that is bad for the coun-try, even if it might be good for his State, which the bill isn’t. That is prin-cipled leadership. I believe the same kind of principled leadership exists in this body as well. I know it does. I wish to say to all of my Republican colleagues directly: Vote down this bill. If it goes down, we Democrats are pledged to work in a bipartisan way to improve our healthcare system. We are pledged to work through committee, to support the efforts of Chairman A
LEX-
ANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY , and to find a bipartisan consensus on a healthcare package. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.001 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5875 September 25, 2017 
We welcome bipartisan change. We know there is always give and take when that happens, but usually the product is better. A bipartisan process led by A
LEXANDER and M URRAY to make the present system better will be a whole lot better for both the process in this body and for the health of the American people than this rushed- through, half-baked proposal. We disagree in the Senate a lot. Very rare are the times when there is a clear right and wrong, but this bill and the process it has gone through are clearly wrong. The bill would hurt so many people in our great country. The proc-ess has damaged this institution and would do much greater damage if it were to pass. We have a chance—a chance—to leg-islate the right way, through regular order, by resuming bipartisan work al-ready started by the HELP Committee, which has had hearings and intends to—at least, as I understand it—go through a process with amendments. We Democrats are at the table. We ask our Republican friends to join us at the table once again. I yield the floor. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
EXECUTIVE SESSION 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will pro-ceed to executive session to resume consideration of the Emanuel nomina-tion, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of William J. Emanuel, of California, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring Au-gust 27, 2021. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the time until 5:30 p.m. will be equally divided between the two leaders or their designees. The Senator from Washington. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, before I begin on the nomination before us, I wish to first echo what so many of my colleagues—Democrats and Repub-licans—and millions of people across the country have made very clear today: enough with all of the partisan-ship around healthcare, enough with playing politics with people’s lives, and enough with the repeated attempts to roll back all of our progress and move our country backward. It is time that we drop Graham-Cas-sidy, drop TrumpCare, once and for all, and join together to actually work to improve healthcare, starting with act-ing right now to lower premiums for families and strengthen healthcare in a bipartisan way. That has been my message to col-leagues all along. The truth is that I know many of my Republican col-leagues prefer a bipartisan route. They have said as much in the last TrumpCare debate, in the very produc-tive discussions we have had in and outside of the HELP Committee, and in many of their comments over the past few days. It begs this question: Why are we in this spot yet again? People across the country have been demanding for months to turn the page on TrumpCare. Instead of working in a bipartisan way to actually help people, a few of our colleagues have now pushed through yet another reckless repeal bill that is even worse than the previous TrumpCare version. It is a bill that will increase costs for families, es-pecially seniors and people with pre-existing conditions. It will allow insurance companies once again to charge people more for basic healthcare, such as maternity care, mental health services, and more, and it will take away women’s access to care at health centers like Planned Parenthood and result in millions of people across the country losing their Medicaid. Just like last time, the bill has not been subject to any real hear-ings, public debate, or even a complete and thorough CBO score. Let’s be clear. This bill is not a new proposal. It is not serious policy. It is not regular order. It is yet another version of TrumpCare that would be devastating for people across the coun-try. This is actually pretty simple be-cause there is a clear alternative path before us. Let’s do what my colleague, the senior Senator from Arizona, and so many others have so bravely called for once again and return to working together. As I have said, I wholeheartedly agree with my colleague from Arizona that the right way to get things done in the Senate—especially on an issue as important to families as their healthcare—is through regular order and finding common ground. That is why I am still at the table ready to keep working. I remain confident that we can reach a bipartisan agreement as soon as this latest partisan approach by Republican leaders is finally set aside. Mr. President, I come to the floor today on the nomination before us and to urge my colleagues to vote no on William Emanuel to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board. On the campaign trail, President Trump promised to put workers first, but instead this administration has rolled back worker protections and prioritized corporate interests at the expense of our workers. It is critical today, more than ever, that the NLRB remain what it is supposed to be—inde-pendent and committed to protecting workers’ rights to organize and to bar-gain collectively. I am deeply concerned that President Trump’s nominee, Mr. Emanuel, will use his place on the Board to advocate for corporations and special interests. As a corporate lawyer fighting on the side of management, Mr. Emanuel has spent decades repeatedly undermining workers and their efforts to unionize. It is the core mission of the NLRB to encourage collective bargaining. Given his long anti-worker track record, I am afraid that workers’ fundamental rights are not safe in his hands. I urge my colleagues to join me to-night in doing what President Trump has failed to do and to start working to put working families first and to vote against this nomination. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Utah. ANTITRUST  
Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I rise today to return to the topic of anti-trust. When I last spoke on this mat-ter, the debate was already simmering, albeit mostly on the left. In the time since, controversy in both our markets and our politics has kept it at the fore. Handled prudently, that can be a good thing. I say we have this discus-sion. I think it is important. Heavens, I will even try to do my part to make it a little more fun. But I do have my concerns that the topic of antitrust policy is still more enthusiastically in-voked than deliberately considered. I am concerned that it is still under-mined by the same old easy retreats to the right and to the left. That may be typical of issues here in Washington, but on no issue can we afford it less. You see, especially in antitrust policy, it is critical that the center hold. It is critical that we secure that delicate middle ground—hard won over the years and easily lost in a moment of fervor—whereon economic liberty thrives. I have come to the floor, once again, to speak and, to the growing discus-sion, to contribute. Permit me to say a few words about holding the center. When I took to this floor last month, I argued that on the fundamental question of economic management, America has coura-geously defied the historical norm. Rather than acquiescing to the central planning, we fully embraced free enter-prise. Thus, ours is a market economy and the most prosperous one of our times. Markets are messy. They are chaotic and, from the individual perspective, impossibly complex. Perhaps, most counterintuitively, they are, in a sense, disorganized. For all their productivity, for all the wonders they work, there is no single actor or entity in control. The miracle arises all on its own, through an order 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.002 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5876 September 25, 2017 
spontaneously coordinated by price and balanced by the efforts of millions. Lit-tle surprise then that in America’s free enterprise tradition, no less than in its larger political tradition, we deeply distrust concentrated power. We dis-trust the intervention of the State, to be sure. Our system is largely defined by lim-ited government but so, too, do we cast a wary eye upon powerful private enti-ties. We have little tolerance for the monopolist which secures its market position anticompetitively, and we offer no quarter to the naked cartel. In other words, we no sooner trust con-centrated private power than con-centrated public power to dictate the direction of our economy. That, right there, is why we turn to antitrust. That is the middle ground— between intrusive public management and corrosive private conduct, which antitrust is charged with seizing and protecting, for we know our markets will never fulfill their promise unless they remain free and competitive, and we know they will not long remain free or competitive without a sound com-petition policy holding that center ground. Now, as I mentioned earlier, events of late seem determined to keep anti-trust at the forefront of the public de-bate. We are witnessing innovation and disruption at a dizzying pace. Markets are concentrating, powerful players are staking out valuable ground, and accu-sations of anticompetitive behavior— some bona fide and many not—are mounting. Across the board, an anxiety seems to be settling in. Therefore, I want to be very clear, es-pecially to my friends on the left: I see it. I understand it. That the challenges here are real, there can be no real doubt. That an update in the doctrine may well be necessary, there should be no dispute. Where, perhaps, I differ is that I don’t quite see the need for the panic. I think American antitrust is up to this challenge. The story of capitalism has always been a story of change, and if we are doing things right, that change does not come according to anyone’s plan or script. Just when society grows com-fortable in habits of law and com-merce—just as each part of the econ-omy learns to play its part—the ground again shifts beneath our feet. It can be a bit disorienting but not to worry. That is where our old, trusted friend, the consumer welfare standard, comes back in. As I emphasized in my last address on the floor and as I will continue to emphasize here, it is a proven way of directing us aright. As new innovation fundamentally alters the landscape, as entrepreneurs press beyond current frontiers and into the unknown, the consumer welfare standard is like a compass with a bearing set toward that critical middle ground which antitrust is charged with protecting. True north is not what is best for market competi-tors, not what is most convenient for market regulators, but what most fur-thers market competition itself, the better to ward off the dangers of collec-tivism, the surer to escape the stagna-tion of monopoly. Now, I know—I understand—that this hardly settles things. Identifying the principle by which we orient ourselves is the start of the discussion, not the conclusion. The consumer welfare standard is, like I have said, a compass; it is not a map. It guides our journey without fixing a precise course through the changing terrain. Adjustments are to be expected. After all, much of anti-trust doctrine, as it is received today, was built upon the familiar economic process of resource extraction, manu-facture, distribution, and retail. That the digital age would present commercial arrangements to defy those traditional classifications is not, altogether, surprising. Fortunately, antitrust is a common law exercise and leaves plenty of room for improvement. Our conventional categories of anti-competitive conduct can be tweaked, refashioned, or even expanded in light of technological advancement and mar-ket evolution. That process will be-come all the easier as our tools for tak-ing the measure of the land improve. Current analysis does well in taking account of price. It may do better still in taking account of quality. Reams of data never before thought obtainable and new econometric methods only re-cently deemed practical entice us with a chance to plot curves, which until re-cently were confined to the theoretical. Our basic and time-honored foundational models are increasingly nudged and bounded by contributions from the behavioral sciences, and game theory is continuously opening new ho-rizons in market analysis. I am happy to have that discussion. Again, we keep our markets fresh by keeping our doctrine current, but I would—as an old Republican must— urge caution, especially to some of the more zealous advocates for reform, hip-ster or otherwise. I will gladly sample the avocado toast—I really will—but nobody should get the idea that we have moved on from the meat and po-tatoes. It is easy, with the benefit of hindsight, to critique past precedent formed in the familiar image of the mass industrial process. It is far more difficult to refashion doctrine for a new age that is still evolving in surprising ways. As we trek into the unknown, let’s take note of where we have been and appreciate the hazards of the route. Let’s recall that whatever the changes at the surface of the market, basic eco-nomic principles persist through the ages. Network effects in our digital in-frastructure may feel very new today, but as I emphasized in my last address, the concept is actually very old. It structured the telephone market long before we could even conceive of an on-line search market. Let’s recall also that the foresight of regulators and thus the wisdom of their regulation is inevitably limited. We talk a lot about platform econom-ics today and worry about the bottle-necks of digital traffic as if the future has finally and permanently arrived, but with the rate of innovation these days, there is no telling whether the essential facilities of today will prove all that essential tomorrow. We can do little more than guess at what form ex-clusive dealing or foreclosure may take in markets yet unseen. Let’s recall that markets often correct themselves. As more than a few formally invincible corporate titans can attest, free enter-prise offers few opportunities for eter-nal life, and when regulators do step in, doctrine still tends to lag behind the market. Thus, the powers we grant government now will likely survive into a future that is not yet defined. Finally, before we rush to grant en-forcement officials a broad mandate with an ill-defined objective to do something, let’s recall that regulation can hurt as much as it can help. As we have seen in some attempts at rate reg-ulation, a regime meant to restrain the biggest players may very well, with the passage of time, become the preferred tool for excluding new entrants. Merg-er analysis sometimes does more for ri-vals than for consumers, and as we have learned in nearly every form of intervention, a medicine which creates too much unpredictability and upsets too many investment-backed expecta-tions may well prove worse than the disease itself. In the end, like I said, I think we are up to this challenge. With compassion in hand, an open mind, and apprecia-tion for what our journey thus far has taught, antitrust will continue the work of securing that middle ground whereon markets thrive. When all is said and done—after all of the con-troversy and high emotion have sub-sided—we may just find that all we needed was a small course adjustment. Perhaps this needn’t be a reckoning when just a little reform will do. We can set about correcting market fail-ures and readjusting system incentives without going after some industry or bringing this or that firm to heel. When I first sounded the alarm on Microsoft—years ago really—it was not merely because it was deemed too pow-erful or because a new class of high- tech barons risked undermining demo-cratic norms; it was because of well- founded concerns of concrete, competi-tive harm to developing markets. The question in antitrust was not then—and we must not allow it to be-come today—whether any of our com-panies are too big or too profitable or too dominant; the question is whether they engage in identifiable anti-competitive conduct or if a merger is likely to facilitate it. The question is whether it can be shown, as far as the imperfect tools of economics allow and an evolving doc-trine can bear, that the conduct at issue or the merger proposed does more to fortify the firm than serve the con-sumers of America. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.005 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5877 September 25, 2017 
Of course, that kind of analysis may not make headlines, and it may not satisfy our deep-seated yearning to identify heroes and villains, but it is the best way to handle antitrust. If we are going to get this right, we are going to need to keep cool heads. Antitrust already asked some of the hardest questions, like why we allow the market to put scarce resources to their highest uses when our social and political valuations do not match that of prevailing prices. Antitrust already forces some of the hardest choices, like how to trade the losses of some indus-tries and some actors for the gains of the economy as a whole. There is no need to make things harder still by turning antitrust into a political cudgel, as the left is wont to do, or by dismissing it as yet another example of government overreach, as the right is often guilty. So let us let all of us on all sides tone down the political rhetoric. Should this debate do no more than feed our appe-tite for political gamesmanship, anti-trust will not be the better for having it. Do you know what? I do not think I am alone here. My colleagues in the Senate seem to be rising to the occa-sion. My friends on the other side of the aisle introduced legislation that, however flawed in my view, reflects the seriousness with which they take these issues. I am happy to see there is finally movement again on the nomination of Makan Delrahim. He is an exceptional antitrust attorney and just the person we are going to need as we sort this thing all out. I will not shy from dis-cussing his qualifications here, and I would not fault my colleagues for using his nomination as an opportunity for a wider discussion on antitrust, but now it is time to put him to work. I am pleased to see we are almost there. At the same time, this debate is not going to be confined to the floor of the Senate. At the agencies, in the court-room, from the lecture hall to the opin-ion pages, there are going to be a lot of voices weighing in. Most, we can hope, will be helpful. All, we can resolve, will be heard, I hope. I want to applaud those on the left for jumping into this debate, and I wish the best of luck to the new Open Mar-kets Institute. I had a little fun with the hipsters the last time around, and they took it in good stride. I am now told some prefer the title New Brandeis School. I think that is fitting. Justice Brandeis was a bit of a hipster in his time. I should know, as I was basically a contemporary of his. Further, I acknowledge the efforts of private litigants and policy advocates pressing their cases in courts here and in Europe. They have been working tirelessly to make a data-driven case that speaks directly to consumer harm. They play an important role, and the doctrine is better for their efforts, how-ever their cases turn out. Finally, I want to implore my fellow conservatives, continue joining in on this debate, keep investing in anti-trust, embrace it as an area of the law in which we speak to the power of the markets by speaking to the importance of sound regulation. Make the case that, like property or contract or com-mercial law, antitrust is that rare spe-cies of government regulation which opens doors rather than slamming them shut. As I have been arguing for decades now, should our doctrine grow stag-nant, markets may well concentrate beyond what is politically acceptable, calls for excessive government inter-vention will only increase, and the yoke of the regulator could soon be our portion. With that, Mr. President, I will close right where I began. As this debate pro-ceeds, it falls to all of us to do our part in getting this right. The challenges presented by our evolving markets are real, but we are not the first to break new ground, and will we be the last to worry that the new ground broken sits far removed from the competition’s precious center? One way or another, we have made it before. I trust we can make it again. Mr. President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Michigan. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. PETERS. Mr. President, the de-bate over healthcare can be very con-fusing. Last night, a tweaked third version of this year’s third bill to re-peal the Affordable Care Act was re-leased. This is after several dozens of votes taken in Congress on this very same issue since 2010. There is no question—the debate over healthcare has been exhausting. Our Nation’s disability advocates, patients, doctors, and anyone with a preexisting condition have spent this past year on high alert, waiting on a razor’s edge for the next time they would need to plead with Republicans in Congress not to take away their healthcare. Healthcare is a very complex subject, but rather than engaging in thought-ful, bipartisan debate, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are rush-ing to pass something—anything—even if they don’t know the details. What we do know about this bill is that millions of people will lose their healthcare. Why? Because Republicans in Congress are facing a deadline of September 30 to use an arcane, expe-dited procedure that will let them re-peal the Affordable Care Act with a simple majority of the Senate. My Re-publican colleagues are in such a rush that they don’t even want to wait until we get a nonpartisan analysis from the Congressional Budget Office. I believe they don’t want to wait because they know the budget analysis will make it very clear that this is a very bad bill. Although the healthcare debate is often confusing, exhausting, and com-plex, I think we should focus on just one very simple concept: No one in this great country of ours should ever go bankrupt because they get sick. Let me repeat that. No one should ever go bankrupt because they get sick. Every American, no matter what ZIP Code they live in, should be able to have affordable, quality healthcare. As I stand here today, we don’t know what version of the Affordable Care Act repeal we will be voting on later this week, but some things are vir-tually certain: Michiganders will be forced to pay more for less healthcare; costs for older Americans will increase dramatically; insurance companies will once again be free to discriminate against individuals with preexisting conditions, such as cancer, diabetes, and heart disease; and even if policies are available, Michiganders will never be able to afford them. This last-ditch effort to meet an arti-ficial deadline is not thoughtful, meas-ured or kind; it is messy, rushed, and cruel. The Affordable Care Act is not per-fect, and nobody here is saying that it is, but while we are spending this week debating yet another repeal bill, we are wasting time that should be spent on improving our healthcare system for all Americans. We need to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Pro-gram, which expires at the end of this week. If it is not reauthorized, it could jeopardize care for over 100,000 children in my State alone. We need to also act quickly to support community health centers, which face the same funding deadline and serve as the primary healthcare home for nearly 700,000 Michiganders. What we need is a truly bipartisan process to improve the Af-fordable Care Act, while keeping what works in place. The legislation to repeal the Afford-able Care Act before us this week will jeopardize care for individuals with preexisting conditions and increase costs for older Americans who are al-ready living on a fixed income. I heard from countless Michigan veterans, small business owners, hard-working parents with children, and many others who will be hurt by the proposals in this Republican bill. My constituents are fearful that they will be forced to choose between going without the care they need or facing potential bank-ruptcy over the costs. I will say it again. No one in America should ever go bankrupt because they get sick. Every American should be able to afford quality healthcare, and I will continue fighting to ensure we never go back to the days when fami-lies had to face impossible choices. This bill is simply wrong. It is wrong on policy, it is wrong on process, and it is wrong for millions of Michiganders who are worried about their families’ healthcare. I urge my Republican colleagues to end this misguided repeal fight once and for all so that we can come to-gether on a bipartisan basis and make healthcare work for each and every American. Mr. President, I yield the floor. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.006 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5878 September 25, 2017 
I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 
AMENDMENTS NOS . 1065, AS MODIFIED , AND 1086 , 
AS MODIFIED  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, as in legislative session, I ask unanimous consent that notwithstanding the pas-sage of H.R. 2810, the instructions to the clerk in amendments Nos. 1065 and 1086 be modified with the changes that are at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The amendments, as modified, are as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 1065, AS MODIFIED  At the end of Division F add the following: In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Environmental Restoration, Air Force, increase the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Subtotal Environmental Restoration, Air Force, increase the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Miscellaneous Appro-priations, increase the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Undistributed, Line number 999, reduce the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Fuel Savings, increase the amount of the reduction indicated in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Subtotal Undistributed, re-duce the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Undistributed, reduce the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. 
AMENDMENT 1086 , AS MODIFIED  At the end of Division F add the following: In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Littoral Combat Ship, in-crease the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $600,000,000. In line 999 of the funding table in Section 4301, in the item relating to fuel savings, in-crease the reduction by $600 million. f 
EXECUTIVE CALENDAR—Continued The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Wisconsin. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise today to talk about the disasters of ObamaCare and a possible solution. It is a powerful first step—not perfect but a step that would take us off the path toward a single-payer system and put us on a path toward federalism, with greater State control but, in many re-spects, greater freedom for the Amer-ican public. During the last healthcare discussion and debate, I spoke with a couple, Sherry and Vern Colby from River Falls, WI. They had a real problem: They had preexisting conditions. They were quite pleased when ObamaCare passed because their preexisting condi-tions, they believed, would be covered. So they signed up for ObamaCare in 2014, paid the premiums, sent in their paycheck stubs to make sure their in-come levels qualified for the subsidies. Then a funny thing happened when they got their tax returns in March of 2015: They had to pay back more than $15,000 in subsidies because they made $59,000. They had to cash in pretty much all of their 401(k). They had to sell their house so they wouldn’t lose it in foreclosure. I spoke with Sherry Colby today be-cause, as we have debated the possi-bility of passage of Graham-Cassidy- Heller-Johnson, we have heard a lot of demagoguery. We have heard a lot of false charges. I would like to refute a couple of those. One of the claims of ObamaCare is it guaranteed that if you have a pre-existing condition, you are free from worry, you will be covered. Well, in Sherry and Vern Colby’s case, that is simply not true. I spoke with Sherry just this after-noon. Again, they had to sell their house, and they had to cash in their 401(k). Their nightmare didn’t end at that point in time because President Obama, as he left office, took short- term, limited-duration plans—that du-ration from 264 days down to 90 days. Now Sherry and Vern Colby are forced to buy these short-term, limited-dura-tion plans that only last for 90 days. When I say ‘‘forced,’’ the problem they have is that they work. Vern drives milk trucks 60 hours a week. Sherry works in a florist’s shop 30 hours a week. They make too much to be sub-sidized under ObamaCare. They don’t make enough to be able to afford the premium of $14,000 per year with a $12,500 deductible. So right now they are paying $5,500 a year, and they have a $5,000 deductible per quarter and a 70/ 30 copay for a short-term, limited-dura-tion plan that can and did exclude their preexisting conditions. Shortly after they signed up with IHC, Vern had a condition that re-quired a hospital stay. The problem is, his preexisting condition wasn’t cov-ered under their insurance. The bill for that hospital stay was $45,000. To add insult to injury, because their short- term, limited-duration plan is not ObamaCare compliant, they are also paying the penalty. They are pur-chasing insurance, paying $5,500 per year, $20,000 in deductibles, a $45,000 hospital bill, and they are still penal-ized by the American Government under ObamaCare. Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson maintains the provision of the guaran-teed issue, covering people with pre-existing conditions. There are all kinds of charges that somehow ObamaCare has guaranteed coverage for those indi-viduals and Graham-Cassidy-Heller- Johnson would not. Personally, I believe Governors, State legislators, and the people in the State of Wisconsin will be far more concerned about Sherry and Vern Colby and will have innovative solu-tions, such as Wisconsin’s high-risk pool or Maine’s invisible high-risk pool, to actually bring down premiums so the Colbys can actually afford insur-ance without having to quit their jobs. But that is not the main reason I came to the floor today. While sitting in that chair or watching TV over the weekend, listening to people’s speech-es, I have heard repeatedly from our colleagues on the other side of the aisle talking about Graham-Cassidy-Heller- Johnson that it is going to destroy Medicaid as we know it, that it will be slashing spending in Medicaid—mas-sive, deep cuts. Let me go to a couple of charts. This first chart really has nothing to do with healthcare—except it has ev-erything to do with healthcare. What this chart shows is the CBO projection of deficits over the next 30 years by decade. CBO made the projections as a percentage of the GDP. Nobody under-stands percentages—we don’t buy ham-burgers with percentages—so we con-verted those percentages of GDP into dollars. According to our best calcula-tions, CBO projects almost a $10 tril-lion deficit over the next 10 years; the second decade, $37 trillion; the third decade, $82 trillion, for a whopping total of a $129 trillion deficit over the next 30 years. That would be added to our $20 trillion worth of debt. There are a number of ways of de-scribing this deficit. I am putting up two right now. What is it composed of? Well, if you take a look at revenue versus outlays, the deficit is composed of about an $18 trillion deficit in Social Security alone. In other words, Social Security over the next 30 years will pay out $18 trillion more in benefits than it brings to the payroll tax; Medi-care, $39 trillion. Interest on the debt over that same 30 years will be $65 tril-lion for a whopping total of $122 tril-lion of deficits over the next 30 years. That explains 95 percent of the deficit. Another way of looking at that def-icit is this: Over the next 30 years, our revenue will equal almost $200 tril-lion—$199 trillion. Outlays for Social Security will be $69 trillion; Medicare, $55 trillion; Medicaid and ObamaCare $32 trillion, for a subtotal of $156 tril-lion. If you add $65 trillion interest on the debt, we are already exceeding our revenue. You will notice that there is no money at all for any agencies, for na-tional defense, for any other welfare programs. All the money is consumed by Social Security, Medicare, Med-icaid, ObamaCare, and interest on the debt. This is clearly unsustainable. Let’s talk about cuts. What would a cut really look like? Well, this is the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.008 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5879 September 25, 2017 
truth in terms of what we are projected to spend on Medicare, Medicaid, ObamaCare, and what we would spend under Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson. If you go back to the year 2009, we were spending slightly more than $200 bil-lion for Medicaid alone. This last year, we were spending about $438 billion. We have basically doubled spending in just the last 9 years. According to projec-tions, by the end of this time period, we will be spending over $700 billion per year on ObamaCare and Medicaid com-bined. Graham-Cassidy would spend a little less than that—not much less. Let me take a look at what a real cut would be. There are no cuts; you will notice spending never declines year over year—not once. It continues to grow year over year, not that far from the projections. This is what a real cut looks like. Many of my colleagues have talked about and campaigned on something they call the penny plan—a way to rein in out-of-control Federal spending by doing something that seems pretty rea-sonable, which is to take any govern-ment program and just reduce a dol-lar’s worth of spending by just a penny. It would be a 1-percent cut per year. If we were to do that to ObamaCare and Medicaid, you would see what a real cut looks like—a pretty minor cut, the type of cut many people have suggested under the penny plan, but that is what a real cut looks like. What Graham- Cassidy-Heller-Johnson does is not a cut; it is just a slight reduction in the rate of growth and spending. Again, oftentimes colleagues on the other side of the aisle are talking about drastic cuts. Well, let me detail what I would consider to be a possibly drastic cut. Let’s say, rather than just 1 percent a year, we reduce spending by 5 percent a year or 10 percent a year. You know, I would agree with folks on the other side; if we were proposing those types of cuts, I would say that is slashing spending. I would say that would be a massive or draconian cut. But, again, that is not what we are doing. We are just slightly reducing spending over the next 10 years. Let’s look at this a little bit dif-ferently. Let’s take a look at cumu-lative spending. If you just take cumu-lative spending year over year and add it up—our current projection on ObamaCare and Medicaid—we would spend $5,688 billion; that is, $5.67 tril-lion. The Graham-Cassidy-Heller-John-son proposed spending is the green line, $5.44 trillion or a reduction of $226 bil-lion over 10 years, a 3.99 percent de-crease—not draconian, not massive, not slashing. It is a small, slight reduc-tion in the growth of spending. Let’s take a look at what would hap-pen if we just adhered to the penny plan in terms of cumulative spending. Again, this would be a real cut—1 per-cent per year. We would take the cur-rent law at $5.67 trillion. The penny plan would actually reduce that to $4.2 trillion, and you would save $1.5 tril-lion for about 26 percent in savings. That would be a real cut that would constrain the growth of entitlements so we can further reduce the mortgage of our children by just a little bit. Why is this important? Again, to put things in perspective, over the next 10 years—this is blown up from our first chart—the projected deficit, according to CBO is close to $10 trillion—$9.6 tril-lion. What we are proposing under Gra-ham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson is a $226 billion reduction in the rate of growth of spending on Medicare or on Medicaid and ObamaCare—a 2.4-percent reduc-tion in relationship to the $9.6 trillion projected deficit. Is that massive? Is that draconian? I don’t believe so. The types of controls we need to start enacting, if we are ever going to stop mortgaging our children’s future, would be more like the penny plan, but even there, you can see how inadequate that is, based on the problem. The penny plan would reduce spending by $1.48 trillion—about a 15.4-percent re-duction to our $9.6 trillion deficit. Let me conclude by talking about the fact that here in Washington, DC, here in Congress, we are not very good at solving problems, partly because not very many Members or their staffs have ever served in the private sector. They don’t really understand people like Vern or Sherry Colby, who, as President Bill Clinton said, ‘‘are out there busting it,’’ working 60 to 70 hours a week. Their premiums have doubled and, in many cases, tripled. Their coverage is cut in half. They can’t afford ObamaCare. They don’t un-derstand how businesses are struggling to pay the premiums when they pro-vide healthcare. They don’t understand it, and what they certainly don’t un-derstand is the problem-solving proc-ess: admitting you have a problem, de-fining that problem, gathering the in-formation, doing the root cause anal-ysis, and then, based on that careful analysis, based on the information, set-ting achievable goals and designing legislation, then designing the solu-tion. We haven’t been honest with our-selves in this body. We haven’t come to grips with why premiums have doubled and, in many cases, tripled. It was be-cause of the faulty design of ObamaCare—the fact that we are ask-ing 5 to 6 percent of the American pop-ulation to shoulder the full burden of covering people with preexisting, high- cost conditions. There is a way of ad-dressing this, but we have to be honest. We have to set aside the rhetoric. We have to set aside the demagoguery. We have to take that first step of loosening the ties of this one-size-fits- all model here in Washington, DC, let-ting the States innovate—like Wis-consin, like Maine’s invisible high-risk pool—to actually bring down pre-miums. In Maine, when they enacted invisible high-risk pools, premiums for young people were cut to one-third of what they had been under guaranteed issue. For older folks, they were cut in half. It is possible to do this if we are honest and if we are courageous. With that, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, today we are voting on the nomination of William Emanuel to serve on the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. The NLRB may be one of the most impor-tant independent Federal agencies that you have never heard of. They are re-sponsible for protecting the lawful rights of workers to come together and bargain with their bosses for higher wages and better working conditions. Starting a union is not an easy task. Often, it is a large corporation against its own employees. The money and the ability to threaten retaliation are heavily weighted on the corporate side. For more than a century, many cor-porations fought unions tooth and nail, hiring strikebreakers and union-bust-ing thugs and, later on, union-busting lawyers. So back in the 1930s, Congress established the NLRB to act as a ref-eree and to keep the playing field level so that workers would have a chance to form a union if they wanted to. President Trump picked William Emanuel to fill a vacancy on the NLRB. Mr. Emanuel has over 40 years of experience practicing labor and em-ployment law. He has represented man-ufacturing companies, trade associa-tions, logistics companies, hospitals, and dozens of other giant companies in-volved in labor disputes. He has rep-resented big companies like Nissan, FedEx, Rite Aid, Safeway and Uber. That is an impressive resume. There is just one problem with it: In his more than four decades of practice, he has never been on the side of the workers— not once. Every party to a dispute is entitled to legal representation, and Mr. Eman-uel has every right to spend his career representing corporations, but a guy who has never even once represented workers should not serve on the NLRB, period. The NLRB is not the Department of Commerce. It is not the Chamber of Commerce. It is not there to help pump up big corporations. No. When Congress created the NLRB, it gave it a simple mission: encourage collective bar-gaining. An individual who has spent his career working for some of the country’s most ruthless union-busting firms, fighting off union efforts at every turn, has absolutely no business at the helm of an agency whose job is to encourage collective bargaining. The deck is already stacked against hard-working Americans. For the last few decades, produc-tivity has increased, corporations and shareholders have gotten richer, but workers haven’t shared in that growth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.010 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5880 September 25, 2017 
Hourly wages have been virtually flat for almost 35 years, and one reason for this is the decline of unions. The im-pact is everywhere. Inequality has risen in America. Why? According to the Economic Pol-icy Institute, the decline in unions ac-counts for about 20 percent to 30 per-cent of the growth in income inequal-ity over the past several decades. When unions decline, all workers are hurt. For the more than 40 million non-union men working in the private sector, the loss of unions over the past 30 years has been equivalent to an annual wage loss of about $109 billion. It is no won-der that American families are feeling the squeeze. The decline of unions isn’t an acci-dent. It didn’t happen on its own or as the unexpected byproduct of some other event. No. Large corporations have called on their Republican bud-dies in local, State, and Federal gov-ernments, and they have launched a quiet but deadly attack on unions. Twenty-eight States have passed laws banning the collection of union dues from workers that the unions rep-resent. The only purpose of these laws is to starve the unions of resources and make it harder for workers to join to-gether and to stand up for themselves. The Supreme Court hasn’t been kind to unions either, effectively deci-mating the ability of home healthcare workers to join together in 2014. Now with a Republican-appointed majority on the Court, they are poised to deal the knockout blow to public sector unions later this term. And with the nomination of Mr. Emanuel, workers won’t be able to count on the NLRB, ei-ther. As a candidate, President Trump promised American workers that under a Trump Presidency, ‘‘the American worker will finally have a president who will protect them and fight for them.’’ He also promised to ‘‘drain the swamp’’ in Washington and fill his ad-ministration with those who would work for working Americans—not for donors and not for special interests. When President Trump nominated Mr. Emanuel to serve at the highest labor court in the land, he delivered another gut punch to working people. In fact, Mr. Emanuel is the dream nominee for the donors and special in-terests. Trade associations for the com-panies that make their profits on the backs of low-wage workers imme-diately came out in support of his can-didacy. The National Restaurant Asso-ciation, the International Franchise Association, the National Retail Fed-eration, the Retail Industry Leaders Association, the National Right to Work Committee, and the U.S. Cham-ber of Commerce applauded President Trump’s pick with almost giddy enthu-siasm and urged the Republican Senate to quickly confirm him to the Board. Today, unless a few of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle decide to stand up for workers, they will get their wish. We all know that Washington works great for the trade associations and their armies of lobbyists and lawyers, but it delivers one punch after another to the hard-working Americans who sent us to Washington to work for them. If Congress isn’t going to stand up for workers, the very least we can do is give these workers a fighting chance to join together and stand up for themselves. It is the NLRB’s job to make sure that employees can join unions if they want to. That is the law. A man who has spent 40 years beating back work-ers’ efforts to form unions has no busi-ness on the Board. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing his nomination. Mr. ALEXANDER. Mr. President, today the Senate will vote on the con-firmation of William Emanuel to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board, NLRB. I am glad that we are moving this nomination because, once Mr. Emanuel is confirmed, we will have a full five-member National Labor Relations Board, which has not been the case in nearly 2 years. The NLRB was created in 1935 by the National Labor Relations Act, NLRA, which was significantly amended in 1947 by the Taft-Hartley Act. It has the statutory mission to promote ‘‘free flow of commerce’’ by allowing em-ployees to organize and bargain collec-tively. The statute provides that ‘‘employ-ees shall have the right to self-organi-zation, to form, join, or assist labor or-ganizations, to bargain collectively through representatives of their own choosing, and to engage in other con-certed activities for the purpose of col-lective bargaining or other mutual aid or protection, and shall also have the right to refrain from any or all of such activities.’’ The statute further pro-vides that it is an unfair labor practice for unions to ‘‘restrain or coerce em-ployees in the exercise of their rights.’’ After years of playing the role of ad-vocate for organized labor, the new Board should return to the role of neu-tral umpire. Board partisanship did not start under President Obama, but it be-came worse under him. When the Board is too partisan, it creates instability in our Nation’s workplaces and does not serve the intent of the law, which is stable labor relations and free flow of commerce. The Obama Board over-turned numerous longstanding prece-dents that had been upheld for decades by both Republican and Democrat boards. Under President Obama, the Board took three particularly harmful ac-tions. First, the joint-employer deci-sion, which was the biggest attack on the opportunity for small businessmen and women in this country to make their way into the middle class that anyone has seen in a long time— threatening to destroy the American Dream for owners of the nation’s 780,000 franchise locations. Second, the ambush elections rule, which can force a union election before an employer and many employees even have a chance to figure out what is going on. This rule also forces employers to pro-vide union organizers with a list of em-ployees’ telephone numbers, email ad-dresses, employee work locations, shifts, and job classifications—highly personal information that many em-ployees may not wish to share. Third was the microunion decision, which gave factions of employees within sin-gle businesses a path to forming their own unions. This decision risks frac-turing workplaces and creating the po-tential for conflict and uncertainty among employees. The Senate has the opportunity today to help reverse this harmful trend and bring stability to our Na-tion’s workplaces by voting for Wil-liam Emanuel and filling out the Board—again, for the first time in nearly 2 years. Mr. Emanuel is emi-nently qualified to serve on the NLRB. He is currently a shareholder at Littler Mendelson in Los Angeles where he works on labor and employment mat-ters. Mr. Emanuel has spent the en-tirety of his impressive career in the private sector, representing trade asso-ciations, hospitals and healthcare orga-nizations, schools, as well as transpor-tation, logistics, and manufacturing companies. Mr. Emanuel has pre-viously represented his clients before the NLRB and has filed amicus briefs on behalf of trade associations. Mr. Emanuel was nominated to be a member of the NLRB on June 29, 2017. The committee received Mr. Emanuel’s HELP application on June 30. On July 6, the committee received Mr. Emanuel’s Office of Government Ethics paperwork, including his public finan-cial disclosure and ethics agreement. Based on these documents, OGE deter-mined that Mr. Emanuel ‘‘is in compli-ance with applicable laws and regula-tions governing conflicts of interest.’’ We held Mr. Emanuel’s hearing on July 13, and he completed all paper-work in accordance with the HELP Committee’s rules, practices, and pro-cedures. Mr. Emanuel offered to meet with all HELP Committee members. Mr. Eman-uel met with nine of them, including five Democratic members. Following the hearing, Mr. Emanuel responded to 62 questions for the record, QFRs, or 101 if you include subquestions, and those responses were provided to Sen-ators prior to the markup. The HELP Committee favorably reported out Mr. Emanuel’s nomination on July 19. I look forward to voting for William Emanuel, who will serve on the Na-tional Labor Relations Board with dis-tinction. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, one of the most pernicious threats to the right of employees and consumers to access our judicial system has been the rise of forced arbitration. This practice unfairly eliminates access to our courts for millions of Americans. When used by employers, forced arbitration serves to shield corporations from the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.011 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5881 September 25, 2017 
consequences of harmful behavior, such as discrimination or sexual harass-ment. Today, the Senate is considering a nominee for the National Labor Rela-tions Board, or NLRB, who has advo-cated in favor of forced arbitration in the employment context. Mr. Emanuel’s support for stripping Amer-ican workers of their rights is an im-portant reason why I am opposing his nomination. The shadow justice system brought about by forced arbitration results in real harm to employees while serving only to protect powerful corporate em-ployers. In a high-profile example from last year, former FOX News host Gretchen Carlson was barred from speaking publicly about her allegations of sexual harassment against the com-pany’s former chairman, Roger Ailes. Had she not spoken out and instead complied with the private arbitration clause in her contract, her case would have been hidden from public view, de-nying other victims of harassment the knowledge that they were not alone. In another disturbing case reported earlier this year, hundreds of current and former employees of Sterling Jew-elers, a company that earns $6 billion in annual revenue, have for years al-leged that the company is engaged in pervasive gender discrimination and has fostered a culture that condones sexual harassment. According to re-ports, this shocking behavior dates as far back as the early 1990s. Despite dec-ades of allegations from women at the company, these claims were hidden be-hind closed doors because of private ar-bitration. The full details are still un-known today. These are just two examples that highlight the serious harm forced arbi-tration can cause employees. During the Obama administration, the NLRB found that the use of forced arbitration by employers to limit employees’ rights to enter into class or collective actions violated the National Labor Relations Act. Mr. Emanuel partici-pated in key cases related to this deci-sion. I am concerned that his history of advocacy on this issue could lead to his prejudging the outcomes of subsequent cases that come before the Board. Unfortunately, Mr. Emanuel declined during his confirmation hearing to recuse himself from decisions related to forced arbitration should he become a member of the Board. His other an-swers on this issue did not sufficiently allay my concern that he would work to undermine the rights of employees to access our judicial system. As some-one who has fought for years to protect Americans’ access to the courts and has introduced legislation to limit the harms caused by forced arbitration, I must oppose his nomination. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Emanuel nomi-nation? Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask for the yeas and nays. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there a sufficient second? There appears to be a sufficient sec-ond. The clerk will call the roll. The assistant bill clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senators are necessarily absent: the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. C
OCHRAN ), the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO), and the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ). Further, if present and voting, the Senator from Florida (Mr. R
UBIO) would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENEN -
DEZ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
ANKFORD ). Are there any other Sen-ators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The result was announced—yeas 49, nays 47, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 203 Ex.] YEAS—49 
Alexander Barrasso Blunt Boozman Burr Capito Cassidy Collins Corker Cornyn Cotton Crapo Cruz Daines Enzi Ernst Fischer Flake Gardner Graham Grassley Hatch Heller Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Kennedy Lankford Lee McCain McConnell Moran Murkowski Paul Perdue Portman Risch Roberts Rounds Sasse Scott Shelby Sullivan Thune Tillis Toomey Wicker Young 
NAYS—47 
Baldwin Bennet Blumenthal Booker Brown Cantwell Cardin Carper Casey Coons Cortez Masto Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Feinstein Franken Gillibrand Harris Hassan Heinrich Heitkamp Hirono Kaine King Klobuchar Leahy Manchin Markey McCaskill Merkley Murphy Murray Nelson Peters Reed Sanders Schatz Schumer Shaheen Stabenow Tester Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wyden 
NOT VOTING—4 
Cochran Menendez Rubio Strange 
The nomination was confirmed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the motion to re-consider is considered made and laid upon the table and the President will be immediately notified of the Senate’s action. LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume legislative session. The majority leader. f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I move to proceed to Calendar No. 165, S. 1519. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the motion. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 165, S. 1519, a bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. f 
MORNING BUSINESS 
A TALE OF SISTER CITIES AND SOME SOCCER JERSEYS Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, recently, I heard from Mayor John Hollar and City Manager Bill Fraser of Montpe-lier, VT, about a wonderful gesture by Philippe Saurel, the mayor of Montpellier, France, who is also the president of Montpellier Mediterranee Metropolis. The story is this: the city of Montpellier, France, ordered soccer jerseys to support its soccer club. They were printed with the name Montpe-lier—the way we spell it in Vermont— rather than Montpellier, as it is in France. As a result, Mr. Saurel, with M. Laurent Nicollin, the president of the Soccer Club of Montpellier, offered to send these jerseys to the Montpelier, VT, high school soccer teams. As the only U.S. Senator ever born in Montpelier, VT, I was thrilled and wrote to the mayor of Montpellier, France, with gratitude. The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to make sure the U.S. Senate heard about this generous act. I ask unanimous consent to have printed in the R
ECORD  the letter from Mayor Philippe Saurel to Mayor John Hollar. The tie between our two great nations and our two beautiful cities continues. There being no objection, the mate-rial was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
LETTER FROMMAYOR SAUREL TO MAYOR  H
OLLAR  D
EAR MAYOR HOLLAR , I’m writing to you from Montpellier, south of France. The starting point of our story is that [both our] cities have almost the same name. You have already heard about the story of the soccer shirts on social networks[.] [T]here was a mistake during the printing, and now Montpelier spelled as the name of your city is [written] on the shirts of the soccer team. We would be very delighted with M. Laurent Nicollin, President of the Soccer 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.003 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5882 September 25, 2017 
Club of Montpellier, to offer the shirts with the name of your city to your school’s soccer team. M. Mayor Hollar do not hesitate to tell me if you agree with this gift, in that way we will write together a great story. Moreover, I also hope to meet you one day, I will be very pleased to welcome you in Montpellier. Yours faithfully, P
HILIPPE SAUREL , Mayor of Montpellier, President of Montpellier Me´diterrane´e Metropolis. 
(At the request of Mr. M CCONNELL , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
HURRICANE MARIA RECOVERY ∑Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico, and I am on the island today with FEMA Ad-ministrator Brock Long, Governor Ri-cardo Rossello, Resident Commissioner J
ENNIFFER GONZA´LEZ, and other offi-cials to assess the damage and assist-ance that is needed to help residents and make the island whole. It is our re-sponsibility to do everything we can to ensure our government responds to this hurricane the same as it would any-where else in the country. We must stand with our brothers and sisters, and give Puerto Rico the resources it needs to rebuild and become stronger than ever before.∑ (At the request of Mr. S
CHUMER , the following statement was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD .) 
f 
VOTE EXPLANATION ∑Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I was unavailable for rollcall vote No. 203 on the nomination of William Emanuel to be a member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’.∑ 
f 
CONFIRMATION OF NOEL J. FRANCISCO Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. President, I could not support Noel Francisco’s con-firmation to serve as the 47th Solicitor General of the United States. I do not believe Mr. Francisco can serve as a check on this administration and this President. Created in 1870 and colloquially re-ferred to as the ‘‘10th Supreme Court Justice,’’ the Solicitor General rep-resents the U.S. Government before the Supreme Court. The Solicitor General culls through thousands of cases a year and selects which cases the Depart-ment of Justice will appeal. Although the Solicitor General is the third high-est ranked office in the Department of Justice, it is the Solicitor General alone who selects and approves every appeal. This heavy responsibility re-quires that the Solicitor General use sound legal judgment and resist pres-sure from and maintain independence from the President and Cabinet-level members. History contains examples of Solici-tors General who deferred to the Presi-dent while constructing legal strategy and Presidents who were directly in-volved with shaping legal arguments. President Eisenhower personally wrote handwritten notes on his Solicitor General’s briefs before they were sub-mitted to the Supreme Court. Presi-dent Eisenhower’s notes softened the Solicitor General’s tone regarding the expediency of desegregation after the seminal Supreme Court decision of Brown v. Board of Education. At this unique time in history, we cannot have a Solicitor General who will serve as a rubberstamp for this ad-ministration’s policies. President Trump has shown a disregard and con-tempt for not only the rule of law but also for our constitutional separation of powers. Frederick William Lehmann, Solic-itor General during the Taft adminis-tration said that ‘‘the Government wins its point when justice is done in its courts.’’ As acting-Solicitor Gen-eral, Mr. Francisco defended the Presi-dent’s travel ban before the Ninth Cir-cuit, in which he argued that Presi-dential authority regarding immigra-tion is ‘‘largely immune from judicial control.’’ Mr. Francisco’s lead in defending President Trump’s Executive orders are deeply concerning. We need a Solic-itor General that can say no to the President and resist positions advo-cated by the administration’s hardliners when they fall outside of de-fensible legal boundaries. I do not be-lieve Mr. Francisco can act as an inde-pendent check, and I could not support his confirmation. f 
REMEMBERING PETE DOMENICI Mr. ENZI. Mr. President, I would like to take this time today to honor the life of one of our former colleagues and my friend, Pete Domenici of New Mex-ico. Pete had a long and memorable ca-reer and left an important legacy on this institution, of which his family can be proud. Pete dedicated the majority of his life to advocating for the betterment of his home State and this Nation he loved so much. He started his career in public service after his election to the Albuquerque City Commission in 1968. He then took up the challenge to serve the people of his home State in Con-gress and was elected to the Senate in 1972. Pete served the people of New Mexico for 36 years, becoming the long-est serving Senator in New Mexico his-tory in the process. During his career, Pete was chairman of the Senate Energy Committee and twice the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee. His adherence to fiscal responsibility eventually led to the passing of a balanced budget during his chairmanship. He accomplished a great deal over the years in the Senate. His heartfelt concern and his dedication to his prin-ciples guided his work on every issue that came before him. Through it all, his core values served as his inner com-pass and kept him in tune with the thinking of the people of New Mexico, who elected him to the Senate six sepa-rate times. I was fortunate enough to serve with Pete and, through our 12 shared years in the Senate together, came to admire his commitment to serving our great Nation. During my time as ranking member of the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions—HELP—Committee, I was able to see up close Pete and his wife Nancy’s lifelong commitment to men-tal health. Through his hard work and determination, the Paul Wellstone and Pete Domenici Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act of 2008 was enacted into law. His pragmatism was one of the many qualities Pete displayed everyday while working to improve the lives of all Americans. Pete’s ability to form meaningful relationships with every person he met was why he was so trust-ed by Members on both sides of the aisle. Among Pete’s reasons to not seek a seventh term was his diagnosis of frontotemporal lobar degeneration. Through his fight against his debili-tating disease, he was an inspiration to many. He did not let this slow him down. After his retirement from the Senate, Pete continued to work tire-lessly for the advancement of the causes he cared so dearly about. We now celebrate the life of Pete Domenici. Pete was many things in his life: a college baseball player, a Sen-ator, an author, a husband, a father, a grandfather, and even a great-grand-father. Diana joins in sending our heartfelt sympathy to the Domenici family. Pete has been a role model to so many for so many years, including me. He loved life, and he loved sharing it with his family and friends. Those who knew him will always remember his dedica-tion, his selflessness, and his ability to solve problems. He will never be forgot-ten. God bless. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
225TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE CON-NECTICUT STATE MEDICAL SOCI-ETY ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Con-necticut State Medical Society, as they celebrate 225 years of dedicated service to the medical profession and to the improvement of health services for Connecticut residents. Founded in 1792, the Connecticut State Medical Society consists of more than 7,000 physicians who provide healthcare across the State. The soci-ety enhances the profession of medi-cine by providing educational courses and innovative learning experiences to physicians, which helps improve the overall quality of healthcare services and safeguards patient health. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.023 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5883 September 25, 2017 
For two and a quarter centuries, the society has set an impressive example for all physicians and served as a lead-er on countless issues that impact the health of our citizens. Early member physicians founded the Yale School of Medicine, the State’s first general hos-pital—now known as Yale-New Haven Hospital—the world’s first tumor reg-istry, and many other medical mile-stones that have shaped the health of Connecticut and the Nation. Most recently, the society has been at the forefront of efforts to combat the current addiction crisis and opioid abuse by working with policymakers to enact State laws tightening opioid pre-scribing, expanding knowledge and un-derstanding of opioid addiction, and providing greater access to treatment. The society has also worked for many years to educate physicians, patients, and the general public on opioid abuse, as well as mental and behavioral health issues. To its credit, the society goes beyond improving the quality of health serv-ices for the people of Connecticut. It has strongly advocated for affordable and accessible health insurance cov-erage while fighting against harmful consolidations of healthcare facilities that would result in less health service availability at a higher cost. The soci-ety is helping to address inequities in health services and disparities in health outcomes. Further, the society is a strong advocate for transparency throughout the entire healthcare in-surance delivery system, ensuring its health services are easy to understand. Steeped in rich history but always forward thinking, the Connecticut State Medical Society is a catalyst for positive change. I applaud the society’s accomplishments and hope my col-leagues will join me in congratulating the Connecticut State Medical Society for its 225 years of service.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING CHARLES F. KNIGHT ∑Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, today I wish to honor the life and contribu-tions of a great man who passed away from complications of Alzheimer’s on September 12, 2017, at the age of 81. Charles Knight, or Chuck, as he was known to everyone, might have been born across the river in Illinois and loved a second home in Glen Lake, MI, but he spent his life as a Missourian. In 1973 Chuck Knight joined Emer-son. At that time, he became the youngest CEO to head a U.S. billion- dollar corporation. Within 5 years, the business press was hailing the leader-ship of Chuck Knight, and it was appro-priate to do so then, and for the full 27 years, he served as Emerson’s CEO. Be-cause he was so well regarded, he was sought out to serve on a number of cor-porate boards, including Anheuser- Busch, AT&T, IBM, Baxter Inter-national, BP, Caterpillar, Morgan Stanley, and the Olin Foundation. Between 1973 and 2000, Emerson grew from a dozen divisions generating total revenues of $1 billion to more than 60 businesses with revenues totaling over $15 billion. International sales grew from 12 percent of the total to almost 40 percent. Emerson’s record of in-creased earnings per share and divi-dends for each year of Mr. Knight’s tenure as CEO was among the longest in U.S. business. Chuck was a passionate leader. In a 1989 cover story, Fortune wrote that his ‘‘intensity level is about 327 on a scale of 1 to 10.’’ His intensity, passion, and, most likely, his integrity, inspired commitment and loyalty from his management team, his employees, his competitors, and his friends. Chuck’s passion extended to his adopted hometown of St. Louis, MO. He didn’t just offer his support; Chuck provided his personal advocacy and leadership to many organizations, in-cluding the Matthews-Dickey Boys & Girls Club and the Annie Malone Chil-dren and Family Service Center, serv-ing children in the city of St. Louis. He led the major capital campaign for Washington University in St. Louis, and for decades, he worked closely with the Olin Business School, where he helped fund the Charles F. Knight Ex-ecutive Education Center. His efforts were always to make a real and lasting impact. Chuck married his high school sweet-heart in 1957. Their joint philanthropy has resulted in countless benefits to the entire St. Louis area, including the Joanne Knight Breast Health Center at the Siteman Cancer Center and the Charles F. and Joanne Knight Alz-heimer’s Disease Research Center at the Washington University School of Medicine. Chuck and Joanne have been leading examples of the importance of giving back to one’s community. Chuck is survived by his loving wife, Joanne, and his four children and their families. He will be remembered as a loving husband, a caring father, a pas-sionate leader, and a great friend. He made a difference.∑ 
f 
REMEMBERING GENE SULLIVAN ∑Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the life and legacy of Arkansan Gene Sullivan. Gene will forever be remembered as the great optimist with the can-do attitude and endless determnation. There was no project too small and, certainly, no project too large that he wouldn’t tackle with his trademark tenacity. Gene led a life dedicated to the out-doors and was a man of great faith. While there are many remarkable stories that we remember about Gene, I want to share a personal letter that he sent to his grandchildren on his 81st birthday. On February 8, 2017, Gene wrote the following: 
As I sit in my easy chair in the early morn-ing of my 81st birthday, I give thanks to the Lord for how He has blessed me throughout my life with love and mercy rather than jus-tice. I want to share with you some things I know to be true and pray that you will con-sider them in your short journey through this life on earth. (1) God’s judgement of how you live your life is the only one that is really important. (2) The Bible provides God’s directions for having a successful life. Read it and live it. (3) When you are older and look back, you will not regret any time you spent with fam-ily, serving the Lord and loving and serving others. I love you and you are one of the blessings of my life. He also included two Scriptures for them to read and contemplate. Deuteronomy 11:1: ‘‘Therefore you shall love the LORD your God, and al-ways keep His charge, His statutes, His precepts, and His commandments [it is your obligation to Him].’’ 1 John 4:20: ‘‘Whoever claims to love God yet hates a brother or sister is a liar. For whoever does not love their brother and sister, whom they have seen, cannot love God, whom they have not seen.’’ As we mourn the loss of this Arkan-sas leader, I think it would serve us all well to reflect upon the timeless wis-dom that he passed along to his grand-children on his 81st birthday. ∑ 
f 
RECOGNIZING PJM INTERCONNECTION ∑Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I would like to take this moment for the Sen-ate to recognize and honor the work of the PJM Interconnection and its 600 employees in Valley Forge, PA. This month, the company celebrates the 90th anniversary of its founding, as well as the 20th anniversary of its for-mation as an independent grid oper-ator. PJM is a world-class institution that oversees the largest power grid in North America. PJM performs the crit-ical function of keeping the lights on 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for more than 65 million people in all or portions of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Dela-ware, Maryland, West Virginia, Vir-ginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Ken-tucky, Ohio, Michigan, Indiana, Illi-nois, and the District of Columbia. PJM began in 1927 when three utili-ties realized the benefits and effi-ciencies possible by interconnecting to share their generating resources and formed the world’s first continuing power pool. Since then, PJM’s work has been dedicated to ensuring that re-liable electricity is available at a rea-sonable price. In 1997, the Federal Energy Regu-latory Commission approved PJM as the Nation’s first fully functioning independent system operator. ISOs op-erate but do not own transmission sys-tems in order to provide open access to the grid for nonutility users. Since that beginning of three utili-ties, PJM has grown to more than 1,000 members. Those members represent transmission owners, generation own-ers, consumers, and residential and commercial customers in each of its 13- state region. PJM has three simple goals: keeping the lights on, administering the buying 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.018 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5884 September 25, 2017 
and selling of electricity through wholesale electricity markets, and as-sessing and planning for the future needs of the electric grid. PJM has de-voted itself to those goals as an indus-try technology innovator, operating similar to a stock exchange and devel-oping electricity rates through a bid-ding process that aligns supply with demand. That PJM model is one that has been emulated not just across the country, but around the world. As the work of PJM has reached a global scale, I am especially proud that this company continues to call Penn-sylvania home and remains an integral part of our economy and electric grid infrastructure. For the last 90 years, PJM has worked to develop groundbreaking changes in electricity and technology to improve the lives of all Americans. Together with a grate-ful Commonwealth and a grateful na-tion, I take this opportunity to thank them for their last nine decades of in-novation and wish them well for an-other 90 years of excellence and be-yond.∑ 
f 
TRIBUTE TO STAN WILMOTH ∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize Stan Wilmoth, whose relentless commitment and service to his community makes us all proud to call him a fellow Nevadan. This month, the American Cancer Society will pay tribute to Mr. Wilmoth by presenting him with their first-ever ‘‘Spirit of Hope Award.’’ This prestigious award is given to individ-uals who are dedicated to their commu-nity, wellness, education, quality of life, and who advocate on behalf of the American Cancer Society. Mr. Wilmoth is well-deserving of this award as he has an extensive record of giving back to Nevada. Whether it is serving as a volunteer fireman in Lemmon Valley for 10 years or helping advance construction of the Ronald McDonald House, we are grateful for Mr. Wilmoth’s many contributions to our community and his involvement in programs like Head Start. In addition to serving as a member of the Reno- Sparks Chamber of Commerce, Mr. Wilmoth has also held several other leadership board positions, including chairman of the Nevada Bankers Asso-ciation and presenting sponsor of the American Cancer Society’s annual fundraiser. For the past 10 years, he has been instrumental in the develop-ment of the Suits & Sneakers Gala, of-fering guidance and support of the American Cancer Society’s mission. For 17 years, Mr. Wilmoth has served as president and chief executive officer of Heritage Bank, which serves as a lifeline in our State’s economy. Under his leadership, Heritage Bank has played a large role in getting small businesses off the ground and making northern Nevada a better region to live, work, and raise a family. In fact, the bank earned the title of ‘‘SBA Lender of the Year in Northern Ne-vada’’ for the past 6 years, assisting many businesses and their families. Before joining Heritage, Mr. Wilmoth served as vice president, northern Ne-vada regional loan manager for Nevada State Bank, and assistant vice presi-dent/commercial account officer and commercial service officer for U.S. Bank. He also served on the Federal Reserve Board for Community Banks for multiple years. Mr. Wilmoth’s dedication and com-munity involvement in Nevada is a true testament to his character, and we are privileged he is one of our own. His commitment and hard work in the fight for a world without cancer is truly admirable. In closing, I am honored and proud to recognize Stan Wilmoth for his leader-ship and advocacy on behalf of Nevada. I congratulate him on this remarkable achievement and wish him the best in his future endeavors.∑ f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUSINESS COUNCIL OF DOUGLAS COUNTY 
f 
∑Mr. HELLER. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Business Council of Douglas County for 25 years of striv-ing toward a ‘‘diverse, sustainable and healthy economy’’ for Douglas County, NV. The Business Council of Douglas County started in September of 1992 and consists of business owners, profes-sionals, and industry leaders who col-laborate with State, local, and Federal government institutions to identify and resolve critical matters in the business community. Ultimately, the partnership formed increases the abil-ity of small businesses to grow, expand, and hire in Douglas County and across northern Nevada. In 1996, Douglas County adopted a 20- year master plan designed to provide guidance to the county’s future devel-opment. Just 4 years into their exist-ence, the council was instrumental in helping to shape that plan. Their in-volvement presented them with a unique opportunity to share their input and better shape the county’s economic future. In addition to providing advice and insight to government entities, the Business Council of Douglas County plays a prominent role in educating the community and serving as a catalyst for debate on relevant and timely issues. By holding townhall debates and educational forums on critical issues like water and transportation, as well as forums for candidates run-ning to serve in public office, the coun-cil has helped facilitate a community where everyone has a vested interest in the county’s future. Furthermore, the Business Council of Douglas County is striving to do more and encouraging businessowners in northern Nevada, as well as commu-nity members, to participate in the or-ganization’s efforts and to stay in-formed. To accomplish this, the coun-cil distributes a weekly newsletter on topics of importance to the business community, relevant government meetings, votes, projects, and news. The council’s general membership hosts a monthly breakfast with guest speakers at no charge because all meetings are open to members and their invited guests. They also host an annual critical issues conference. This year’s conference is another way for them to discuss important issues to the county and its ability to grow the economy. The Business Council of Douglas County’s efforts and priorities go hand- in-hand with my fight in Washington, DC, to foster an economic climate that allows small businesses to invest, grow, and hire across the State. Having served in the Nevada Legislature and currently as our State’s senior Sen-ator, I can attest to the significance of the council and the partnership they have formed with all levels of govern-ment. In closing, I am honored and proud to recognize the Business Council of Douglas County for 25 years of tireless advocacy on behalf of the entire com-munity. Through years of hard work, planning, and educational efforts, the Douglas County business community has an open and transparent dialogue with their State, local, and Federal of-ficials. The partnership that has devel-oped will not only continue to grow but benefit the community for years to come.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT A message from the President of the United States was communicated to the Senate by Mr. Williams, one of his secretaries. 
f 
EXECUTIVE MESSAGE REFERRED As in executive session the Presiding Officer laid before the Senate a mes-sage from the President of the United States submitting a nomination which was referred to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pen-sions. (The message received today is print-ed at the end of the Senate pro-ceedings.) 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 4:03 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bill, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3354. An act making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environ-ment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other pur-poses. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.027 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5885 September 25, 2017 
accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
EC–2862. A communication from the Acting Congressional Review Coordinator, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, Depart-ment of Agriculture, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Impor-tation of Orchids in Growing Media From the Republic of Korea Into the Continental United States’’ ((RIN0579–AE24) (Docket No. APHIS–2015–0091)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2017; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–2863. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary of Defense (Legislative Af-fairs), transmitting proposed legislation rel-ative to the ‘‘National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–2864. A communication from the Presi-dent of the United States, transmitting, pur-suant to law, a report on the continuation of the national emergency with respect to per-sons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism that was established in Executive Order 13224 on September 23, 2001; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2865. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency declared in Execu-tive Order 12978 of October 21, 1995, with re-spect to significant narcotics traffickers cen-tered in Colombia; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2866. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran as declared in Executive Order 12957 of March 15, 1995; to the Committee on Banking, Hous-ing, and Urban Affairs. EC–2867. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Manpower and Reserve Affairs), transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on the mobilizations of se-lected reserve units, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2017; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–2868. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Lieutenant Gen-eral David J. Buck, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieuten-ant general on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–2869. A communication from the Sec-retary of Defense, transmitting a report on the approved retirement of Vice Admiral Richard P. Breckenridge, United States Navy, and his advancement to the grade of vice admiral on the retired list; to the Com-mittee on Armed Services. EC–2870. A communication from the Attor-ney-Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ves-sel Documentation Regulations—Technical Amendment’’ ((46 CFR Part 67) (Docket No. USCG–2016–0531)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2017; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–2871. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Nebraska Air Quality Im-plementation Plans; Infrastructure SIP Re-quirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide and Sulfur Dioxide and the 2012 Fine Particulate Matter National Ambient Air Quality Stand-ards ‘‘ (FRL No. 9967–95–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–2872. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Postponement of Certain Compliance Dates for the Effluent Limitations Guide-lines and Standards for the Steam Electric Power Generating Point Source Category’’ (FRL No. 9967–90–OW) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2873. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Outer Continental Shelf Air Regula-tions Consistency Update for California’’ (FRL No. 9962–56–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 14, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2874. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of Implementation Plans; State of Iowa; Elements of the Infrastruc-ture SIP Requirements for the 2010 Nitrogen Dioxide National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS)’’ (FRL No. 9967–93–Region 7) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2875. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, South Coast Air Quality Management District’’ (FRL No. 9967–45–Region 9) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2876. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of State Plans for Designated Facilities and Pollut-ants; United States Virgin Islands; Other Solid Waste Incineration Units’’ (FRL No. 9967–42–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2877. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendment to Standards and Prac-tices for All Appropriate Inquiries Under CERCLA’’ (FRL No. 9967–47–OLEM) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2878. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Amendment to Standards and Prac-tices for All Appropriate Inquiries Under CERCLA’’ (FRL No. 9967–46–OLEM) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2879. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Maine; Regional Haze 5-Year Progress Report’’ (FRL No. 9967– 88–Region 1) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 14, 2017; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–2880. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; KY; Removal of Stage II Gasoline Vapor Recovery Program’’ (FRL No. 9967–83–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 14, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2881. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; Alabama; Infra-structure Requirements for the 20212 PM2.5 National Ambient Air Quality Standard’’ (FRL No. 9967–84–Region 4) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Sep-tember 14, 2017; to the Committee on Envi-ronment and Public Works. EC–2882. A communication from the Assist-ant Legal Adviser for Treaty Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to the Case-Zablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b, as amended, the report of the texts and background state-ments of international agreements, other than treaties (List 2017–0159—2017–0162); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–2883. A communication from the Chief of Negotiations and Restructuring, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting, pursuant to law, a notification that the Cor-poration has issued an order partitioning the United Furniture Workers Pension Fund A pursuant to section 4233 of the Employee Re-tirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; to the Committees on Health, Edu-cation, Labor, and Pensions; and Finance. EC–2884. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Dis-ease: 2017 Update’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–2885. A communication from the Acting Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties, Department of Homeland Security, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the Department’s Of-fice for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties semi-annual report for the first and second quar-ters of fiscal year 2017 (October 1, 2016–March 31, 2017); to the Committees on the Judici-ary; Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; and Select Committee on Intel-ligence. EC–2886. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to settlements and consent decrees and orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2887. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to settlements and consent decrees and orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2888. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to settlements and consent decrees and orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2889. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report relative to settlements and consent decrees and orders; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–2890. A communication from the Dep-uty General Counsel, Office of Capital Ac-cess, Small Business Administration, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Miscellaneous Amendments to Business Loan Programs and Surety Bond Guarantee Program’’ (RIN3245–AF85) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on September 18, 2017; to the Com-mittee on Small Business and Entrepreneur-ship. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.008 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5886 September 25, 2017 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with amendments: S. 842. A bill to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for employment disclose criminal history record information before the applicant has received a conditional offer, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 162). f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. MANCHIN (for himself, Mrs. C
APITO , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Mr. K ING, Ms. H
ARRIS , and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ): S. 1850. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. By Mr. FRANKEN (for himself and Mr. H
EINRICH ): S. 1851. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish an energy storage re-search program, demonstration and deploy-ment program, and technical assistance and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. By Mr. TILLIS (for himself, Mr. L
ANKFORD , and Mr. H ATCH ): S. 1852. A bill to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of cer-tain aliens who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States as children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NELSON (for himself and Mr. R
UBIO): S. 1853. A bill to provide disaster relief to small businesses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship. By Mr. GRAHAM (for himself, Mr. C
AS-
SIDY, Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. R ISCH, Mr. B
OOZMAN , Mr. I NHOFE , Mr. S TRANGE , Mr. C
RAPO , and Ms. H EITKAMP ): S. 1854. A bill to amend chapter 44 of title 18, United States Code, to enhance penalties for theft of a firearm from a Federal fire-arms licensee; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. By Mr. DONNELLY (for himself and Mr. Y
OUNG ): S. 1855. A bill to permit the Miami Nation of Indiana to apply for acknowledgment as a federally recognized Indian tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Indian Affairs. By Mr. PAUL (for himself, Mr. S
CHATZ , and Mr. W
YDEN ): S. 1856. A bill to prevent the militarization of Federal, State, and local law enforcement by Federal excess property transfers and grant programs; to the Committee on Armed Services. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ): S. Res. 266. A resolution reaffirming the United States-Liberia partnership, calling for free, fair, and peaceful elections in Libe-ria in October 2017; to the Committee on For-eign Relations. By Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. HATCH , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. D
ONNELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. F
RANKEN , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. K
AINE): S. Res. 267. A resolution designating Sep-tember 2017 as ‘‘National Workforce Develop-ment Month’’; to the Committee on the Judi-ciary. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 236 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. S
TRANGE ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 236, a bill to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform tax-ation of alcoholic beverages. At the request of Mr. W
YDEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 236, supra. 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 266, a bill to award the Congres-sional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his heroic achievements and courageous contributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 324 
At the request of Ms. H IRONO , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 324, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care serv-ices for veterans. 
S. 654 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the name of the Senator from Maryland (Mr. V
ANHOLLEN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 654, a bill to revise sec-tion 48 of title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes. 
S. 682 
At the request of Mrs. M URRAY , the name of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. W
YDEN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 682, a bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the pur-chase of paper United States savings bonds with tax refunds. 
S. 720 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Colorado (Mr. G
ARDNER ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 720, a bill to amend the Export Administration Act of 1979 to include in the prohibitions on boycotts against allies of the United States boycotts fostered by international governmental organizations against Israel and to di-rect the Export-Import Bank of the United States to oppose boycotts against Israel, and for other purposes. 
S. 792 
At the request of Mr. T ILLIS , the name of the Senator from South Caro-lina (Mr. SCOTT) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 792, a bill to amend the Immi-gration and Nationality Act to estab-lish an H–2B temporary non-agricul-tural work visa program, and for other purposes. 
S. 830 
At the request of Mr. C ASSIDY , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 830, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for the coordination of programs to prevent and treat obesity, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 873 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 873, a bill to amend section 8433 of title 5, United States Code, to provide for flexibility in making withdrawals from the Thrift Savings Fund. 
S. 935 
At the request of Mr. P AUL, the name of the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 935, a bill to amend the Endangered Species Act of 1973 to permit Governors of States to regulate intrastate endangered species and intrastate threatened species, to amend the Migratory Bird Treaty Act to permit the taking of certain black vultures and ravens, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 985 
At the request of Mr. M ARKEY , the name of the Senator from Illinois (Ms. D
UCKWORTH ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 985, a bill to prohibit the Sec-retary of the Interior from revising the approved oil and gas leasing program for fiscal years 2017 through 2022. 
S. 1028 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1028, a bill to provide for the establishment and maintenance of a National Family Caregiving Strat-egy, and for other purposes. 
S. 1254 
At the request of Ms. S TABENOW , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1254, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ex-pand the small employer health insur-ance credit. 
S. 1693 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the names of the Senator from North Caro-lina (Mr. B
URR) and the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1693, a bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify that section 230 of that Act does not prohibit the enforcement against pro-viders and users of interactive com-puter services of Federal and State criminal and civil law relating to sex trafficking. 
S. 1754 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1754, a bill to reauthorize 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.010 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5887 September 25, 2017 
section 340H of the Public Health Serv-ice Act to continue to encourage the expansion, maintenance, and establish-ment of approved graduate medical residency programs at qualified teach-ing health centers, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 1774 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the names of the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) and the Senator from Utah (Mr. L
EE) were added as cospon-sors of S. 1774, a bill to provide protec-tions for workers with respect to their right to select or refrain from selecting representation by a labor organization. 
S. 1781 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1781, a bill to reauthorize grant programs to improve the preven-tion, investigation, and prosecution of economic, high technology, Internet, and other white collar crimes. 
S. 1783 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Rhode Is-land (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1783, a bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to require each State to implement a process under which individuals who are 16 years of age may apply to reg-ister to vote in elections for Federal of-fice in the State, to direct the Election Assistance Commission to make grants to States to increase the involvement of minors in public election activities, and for other purposes. 
S. 1808 
At the request of Ms. B ALDWIN , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1808, a bill to extend temporarily the Federal Perkins Loan program, and for other purposes. 
S. 1816 
At the request of Ms. W ARREN , the name of the Senator from Rhode Island (Mr. W
HITEHOUSE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1816, a bill to amend the Fair Credit Reporting Act to enhance fraud alert procedures and provide free access to credit freezes, and for other purposes. 
S. 1823 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the names of the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. C
ASSIDY ), the Senator from Ar-kansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) and the Senator from Arizona (Mr. F
LAKE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1823, a bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to clar-ify that houses of worship are eligible for certain disaster relief and emer-gency assistance on terms equal to other eligible private nonprofit facili-ties, and for other purposes. 
S. 1827 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. I
SAKSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, a bill to extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. At the request of Mr. WYDEN , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1827, supra. 
S. 1829 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. B
OOZMAN ), the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) and the Senator from Colorado (Mr. B
EN-
NET) were added as cosponsors of S. 1829, a bill to amend title V of the So-cial Security Act to extend the Mater-nal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program. 
S. RES. 250 
At the request of Mr. D URBIN , the names of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ), the Senator from Massachusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ), the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. K
AINE) and the Senator from Washington (Ms. C
ANT-
WELL ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 250, a resolution condemning hor-rific acts of violence against Burma’s Rohingya population and calling on Aung San Suu Kyi to play an active role in ending this humanitarian trag-edy. 
S. RES. 265 
At the request of Mr. C ASEY , the name of the Senator from Maine (Mr. K
ING) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 265, a resolution designating Sep-tember 22, 2017, as ‘‘National Falls Pre-vention Awareness Day’’ to raise awareness and encourage the preven-tion of falls among older adults. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 266—RE-AFFIRMING THE UNITED STATES-LIBERIA PARTNERSHIP, CALLING FOR FREE, FAIR, AND PEACEFUL ELECTIONS IN LIBE-RIA IN OCTOBER 2017 Mr. COONS (for himself and Mr. B
OOKER ) submitted the following reso-lution; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations: 
S. R ES. 266 Whereas the United States and Liberia share broad and deep bilateral ties over the course of a nearly 200-year relationship; Whereas the United States established dip-lomatic relations with Liberia in 1864; Whereas it is estimated that hundreds of thousands of Liberians died in the country’s two interconnected civil wars from 1989 to 2003 and many more fled as refugees; Whereas today the United States is home to an estimated 80,000 people of Liberian an-cestry in vibrant communities across the country, many of whom sought refuge from the violence during the civil wars; Whereas the people and Government of the United States have a deep and abiding inter-est in Liberia’s democratic stability and post-conflict development; Whereas United States assistance to Libe-ria since the end of its second civil war in 2003 has supported post-conflict recovery and a subsequent sustained transition toward broad-based economic growth, improved ac-cess to high-quality education, health sys-tem strengthening, enhanced socioeconomic welfare for the people of Liberia, the professionalization of the country’s military and civilian security forces, efforts to foster the capacities, accountability, and trans-parency of government institutions, and the consolidation of participatory democracy; Whereas in 2005, and again in 2011, the citi-zens of Liberia elected Ellen Johnson Sirleaf as their President, making her the first woman to be elected president of an African nation; Whereas President Sirleaf was awarded the United States Presidential Medal of Freedom on November 5, 2007, for defending and ad-vancing the democratic rights of her fellow citizens, in the face of house arrest, foreign exile, death threats, and imprisonment, and the Noble Peace Prize on October 7, 2011, for contributing to the nonviolent struggle for the security and rights of women; Whereas the Government of Liberia has contributed to efforts to foster peace, sta-bility, democratization, as well as regional economic growth, development, and integra-tion in West Africa, as demonstrated by President Sirleaf’s role in mediating a peace-ful transfer of power in the Gambia in Janu-ary 2017 and her broader leadership as 2016– 2017 Chairperson of the Authority of Heads of State and Government of the Economic Com-munity of West African States; Whereas Liberia will hold presidential and legislative elections on October 10, 2017; Whereas successful 2017 elections are ex-pected to lead to Liberia’s first democratic transfer of power since 1944; and Whereas public confidence in the electoral process is vital to advancing democracy in Liberia and for ensuring the success of the elections: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) upholds its commitment to maintain and foster the enduring relationship between the people and the Governments of the United States and Liberia; (2) commends President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf for efforts to consolidate post-con-flict peacebuilding and democratic gains, promote social and economic development, and foster ties with the international com-munity, and for her work to advance inter-national gender equality; (3) urges the Government and people of Li-beria and all of the country’s political par-ties to— (A) hold free, fair, credible, and peaceful elections in October 2017 and in the future; (B) adhere to the objectives set out in the Ganta and Farmington River Declarations and promote and ensure peaceful conduct among candidates, their supporters, and Li-berian citizens generally; (C) ensure that there is robust civic edu-cation and electoral campaign outreach to often politically marginalized groups, in-cluding women, urban youth, and rural com-munities; and (D) raise awareness of and express zero tol-erance for violence against women, gender discrimination, or social bias of any nature in the electoral process; (4) supports efforts by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development to assist in elec-tion preparations; (5) calls on Liberian citizens to fully par-ticipate in the general elections and to pur-sue legal avenues to resolve any disputes over the results; (6) encourages Liberian civil society orga-nizations to intensify civic and voter edu-cation, particularly among women, youth, and rural communities, and in local lan-guages; (7) condemns any external interference in the election, including any communication or action by convicted war criminal and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.015 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5888 September 25, 2017 
former armed faction leader Charles Taylor to influence the elections from prison; (8) encourages President Donald Trump to appoint an Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs to bolster diplomatic engage-ment with the Government of Liberia, elec-toral stakeholders, and civil society and robustly engage with other sub-Saharan Af-rican countries and governments; (9) calls upon the United States Govern-ment and international partners, especially election-focused nongovernmental organiza-tions, to continue to support successful elec-tions and Liberia’s anticipated historic democratic post-electoral transition of exec-utive power; and (10) welcomes the visit of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf to the United States Con-gress for her final address as President of Li-beria. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 267—DESIG-NATING SEPTEMBER 2017 AS ‘‘NATIONAL WORKFORCE DEVEL-OPMENT MONTH’’ Mrs. FEINSTEIN (for herself, Mr. H
ATCH , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mr. E NZI, Mr. B
ARRASSO , Mr. B LUMENTHAL , Mr. D ON-
NELLY , Mr. D URBIN , Ms. H ARRIS , Mr. R
OBERTS , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. F RANKEN , Ms. H
ASSAN , Ms. H IRONO , and Mr. K
AINE) submitted the following resolu-tion; which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary: 
S. R ES. 267 Whereas investment in the education and training of the United States workforce is crucial to the ability of the United States to compete in the global economy; Whereas collaboration among local edu-cational agencies, community colleges, Gov-ernors, local governments, local businesses, employment service providers, and work-force development boards provides for long- term, sustainable, and successful workforce development across traditional sectors and emerging industries; Whereas, as of September 2017, middle-skill jobs, which require more than a high school diploma but not a 4-year degree, comprise 53 percent of the labor market, but only 43 per-cent of United States workers are trained at that level, creating a discrepancy that may limit growth in changing industries such as health care, manufacturing, and information technology; Whereas, in 2014, Congress reauthorized the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) with overwhelming bi-partisan support in recognition of the need to strengthen the focus of the United States on the skills necessary to fill jobs in local and regional industries; Whereas the Workforce Innovation and Op-portunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) supports employment, training, and support services for individuals with barriers to employment, including individuals— (1) who are out of work; (2) displaced by outsourcing; (3) looking to learn new skills; and (4) with disabilities; Whereas the more than 550 workforce de-velopment boards and 2,500 American Job Centers are a driving force behind growing regional economies by providing training, re-sources, and assistance to workers who aim to compete in the 21st century economy; Whereas ongoing State and local imple-mentation of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) pro-vides unprecedented opportunities to develop the skills of United States workers through access to effective workforce education and training, including the development and de-livery of proven strategies such as sector partnerships, career pathways, integrated education and training, work-based learning models, and paid internships; Whereas, in 2015, programs authorized under the Workforce Innovation and Oppor-tunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.)— (1) served nearly 7,000,000 young people and adults; (2) exceeded employment targets across all programs; and (3) helped more than 1,500,000 individuals, including English language learners, take classes to gain skills and credentials to help the individuals succeed in the labor market; Whereas State programs established under the Wagner-Peyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49 et seq.)— (1) served nearly 14,000,000 unemployed workers through American Job Centers in 2015; and (2) are an integral part of the workforce de-velopment system; Whereas workforce development programs will play a critical role in addressing the ex-pected 2,000,000 unfilled manufacturing jobs over the next decade; Whereas community colleges and other workforce development training providers across the United States are well-situated— (1) to train the next generation of United States workers; and (2) to address the educational challenges created by emerging industries and techno-logical advancements; Whereas participation in a career and tech-nical education (referred to in this preamble as ‘‘CTE’’) program decreases the risk of stu-dents dropping out of high school, and all 50 States and the District of Columbia report higher graduation rates for CTE students, as compared to other students; Whereas community and technical colleges operate as open access institutions serving millions of students annually at a compara-tively low cost; Whereas the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) supports the development and implementation of high-quality CTE pro-grams that— (1) combine rigorous academic content with occupational skills; and (2) served 11,900,000 high school and college students from 2015 to 2016; Whereas there are nearly 500,000 registered apprentices in the United States, and there is growing and bipartisan support for ex-panding earn-and-learn strategies to help current and future workers gain skills and work experience; Whereas federally supported workforce system and partner programs— (1) have helped the United States rebuild the economy and provide increased economic opportunities; and (2) provide a pathway into jobs that sup-port families while ensuring that United States businesses find the skilled workforce needed to compete in the global economy; and Whereas workforce development is crucial to sustaining economic security for United States workers: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates September 2017 as ‘‘National Workforce Development Month’’; (2) supports Federal initiatives to promote workforce development; and (3) acknowledges that workforce develop-ment plays a crucial role in supporting workers and growing the economy. 
Mrs. FEINSTEIN. Mr. President, I rise today to introduce a resolution to recognize September as Workforce De-velopment Month. As technological advances reshape traditional fields and fuel the emer-gence of new industries, it is impera-tive that our workforce development system remain agile and flexible in order to educate and train the next generation of workers and those need-ing additional on-the-job training skills to stay competitive. In addition, it is vital that we recog-nize the importance of all career path-ways and professional development whether an individual pursues a 4-year degree or seeks to further their edu-cation at a community college, through an industry recognized certifi-cate program, or as an apprentice. In an effort to face this challenge head on, Congress passed the Work-force Innovation and Opportunity Act in 2014 with overwhelming bipartisan support. WIOA was signed into law by President Obama and has helped streamline the workforce development system while increasing and strength-ening partnerships between regional businesses, workforce development boards, and educational institutions. In fact, it is these partnerships that have proven to be key to regional suc-cess at addressing the workforce needs of businesses. By working together, local businesses and educators can en-sure that not only do businesses have access to the talent they need to grow but that those seeking work can find it. Nationwide, the more than 550 work-force development boards and 2,500 American Job Centers have become a driving force behind growing regional economies by providing training, re-sources, and assistance to workers aim-ing to compete in the 21st century economy. These workforce development boards and American Job Centers work with job seekers and employers across in-dustries ranging from healthcare and information technology to manufac-turing and construction. There are currently nearly half a million registered apprentices across the country, including nearly fifty thousand in California alone. Bipartisan support for earn-and-learn approaches such as apprenticeships and paid internships is critical for helping future workers gain the skills and ex-perience they need while being able to provide for themselves and their fami-lies. In recognition of workforce develop-ment month, Congress reaffirms its support for a comprehensive approach to workforce development, encourages partnerships between industry leaders and educators, and emphasizes the im-portance of all career pathways in pur-suit of economic prosperity. In closing, during this month it is es-sential that we acknowledge and com-mend the professionals who work every day to make these efforts a reality. America’s workforce is the backbone of our economy and it is the expertise, dedication, and knowledge of these pro-fessionals that has helped develop such a robust system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.016 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5889 September 25, 2017 
Mr. President, I hope my colleagues will join me in supporting this resolu-tion and encouraging the continued growth of our workforce development system. 
f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. HATCH. Mr. President, I have 1 request for committee to meet during today’s session of the Senate. It has the approval of the Majority and Mi-nority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Monday, September 25, 2017, at 2 p.m., in 215 Dirksen Senate Office Building, to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson Pro-posal.’’ 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mrs. MURRAY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Paul Thomas, a detailee in the Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, be granted floor privileges for the remain-der of the first session of the 115th Con-gress. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that Cathy Glenn and Dave Ahart of the Senate record-ing studio be granted floor privileges for the remainder of the legislative day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 On Monday, September 18, 2017, the Senate passed H.R. 2810, as amended, as follows: 
H.R. 2810 Resolved, That the bill from the House of Representatives (H.R. 2810) entitled ‘‘An Act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Depart-ment of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes.’’, do pass with the following amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into six divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Au-thorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Author-izations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy Na-tional Security Authorizations and Other Au-thorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (5) Division E—Additional Provisions. (6) Division F—Further Additional Provisions. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. Transfer of excess High Mobility Mul-tipurpose Wheeled Vehicles to for-eign countries. Sec. 112. Limitation on availability of funds for Army Air-Land Mobile Tactical Communications and Data Net-work, including Warfighter Infor-mation Network-Tactical (WIN– T). Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Multiyear procurement authority for Virginia class submarine program. Sec. 122. Arleigh Burke class destroyers. Sec. 123. Multiyear procurement authority for V–22 joint aircraft program. Sec. 124. Design and construction of amphib-ious ship replacement designated LX(R) or amphibious transport dock designated LPD–30. Sec. 125. Modification of cost limitation base-line for CVN–78 class aircraft car-rier program. Sec. 126. Extension of limitation on use of sole- source shipbuilding contracts for certain vessels. Sec. 127. Certification of the enhanced multi mission parachute system for the United States Marine Corps. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 131. Inventory requirement for Air Force fighter aircraft. Sec. 132. Comptroller General review of total force integration initiatives for re-serve component rescue squad-rons. Sec. 133. Authority to increase Primary Aircraft Authorization of Air Force and Air National Guard A–10 aircraft units for purposes of facilitating A–10 conversion. Sec. 134. Requirement for continuation of E–8 JSTARS recapitalization program. Sec. 135. Prohibition on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS air-craft. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 141. F–35 economic order quantity con-tracting authority. Sec. 142. Authority for Explosive Ordnance Dis-posal units to acquire new or emerging technologies and capa-bilities. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Mechanisms for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions to support Department of Defense missions. Sec. 212. Codification and enhancement of au-thorities to provide funds for de-fense laboratories for research and development of technologies for military missions. Sec. 213. Modification of laboratory quality en-hancement program. Sec. 214. Prizes for advanced technology achievements. Sec. 215. Expansion of definition of competitive procedures to include competitive selection for award of research and development proposals. Sec. 216. Inclusion of modeling and simulation in test and evaluation activities for purposes of planning and budget certification. Sec. 217. Differentiation of research and devel-opment activities from service ac-tivities. Sec. 218. Designation of additional Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories. Sec. 219. Department of Defense directed energy weapon system prototyping and demonstration program. Sec. 220. Authority for the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engi-neering to promote innovation in the Department of Defense. Sec. 221. Limitation on availability of funds for F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Follow- On Modernization. Sec. 222. Improvement of update process for populating mission data files used in advanced combat aircraft. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 231. Competitive acquisition plan for low probability of detection data link networks. Sec. 232. Clarification of selection dates for pilot program for the enhance-ment of the research, develop-ment, test, and evaluation centers of the Department of Defense. Sec. 233. Requirement for a plan to build a pro-totype for a new ground combat vehicle for the Army. Sec. 234. Plan for successfully fielding the Inte-grated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System. Sec. 235. Sense of Congress on hypersonic weapons. Sec. 236. Importance of historically Black col-leges and universities and minor-ity-serving institutions. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 311. Sentinel Landscapes Partnership. Sec. 312. Increased percentage of sustainment funds authorized for realignment to restoration and modernization at each installation. Subtitle C—Reports Sec. 321. Plan for modernized, dedicated De-partment of the Navy adversary air training enterprise. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Sec. 331. Defense Siting Clearinghouse. Sec. 332. Temporary installation reutilization authority for arsenals, depots, and plants. Sec. 333. Pilot program for operation and main-tenance budget presentation. Sec. 334. Servicewomen’s commemorative part-nerships. Sec. 335. Authority for agreements to reimburse States for costs of suppressing wildfires on State lands caused by Department of Defense activities under leases and other grants of access to State lands. Sec. 336. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms. Sec. 337. Department of the Navy marksman-ship awards. Sec. 338. Modification of the Second Division Memorial. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.018 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5890 September 25, 2017 
Subtitle E—Energy and Environment Sec. 341. Authority to carry out environmental restoration activities at National Guard and Reserve locations. Sec. 342. Special considerations for energy per-formance goals. Sec. 343. Centers for Disease Control study on health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances con-tamination in drinking water. Sec. 344. Environmental oversight and remedi-ation at Red Hill Bulk Fuel Stor-age Facility. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for Reserves on active duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Fiscal year 2018 limitation on number of non-dual status technicians. Sec. 415. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Sec. 416. Number of members of the National Guard on full-time duty in sup-port of the reserves within the Na-tional Guard Bureau. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy Sec. 501. Clarification of baselines for author-ized numbers of general and flag officers on active duty and in joint duty assignments. Sec. 502. Authority of promotion boards to rec-ommend officers of particular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list. Sec. 503. Clarification to exception for removal of officers from list of officers rec-ommended for promotion after 18 months without appointment. Sec. 504. Flexibility in promotion of officers to positions of Staff Judge Advocate to the Commandant of the Marine Corps and Deputy Judge Advo-cate General of the Navy. Sec. 505. Repeal of requirement for specification of number of officers who may be recommended for early retirement by a Selective Early Retirement Board. Sec. 506. Extension of service-in-grade waiver authority for voluntary retirement of certain general and flag offi-cers for purposes of enhanced flexibility in officer personnel management. Sec. 507. Inclusion of Principal Military Deputy to the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics among offi-cers subject to repeal of statutory specification of general officer grade. Sec. 508. Clarification of effect of repeal of stat-utory specification of general or flag officer grade for various posi-tions in the Armed Forces. Sec. 509. Grandfathering of retired grade of As-sistant Judge Advocates General of the Navy as of repeal of statu-tory specification of general and flag officers grades in the Armed Forces. Sec. 510. Service credit for cyberspace experi-ence or advanced education upon original appointment as a commis-sioned officer. Sec. 510A. Authority for officers to opt-out of promotion board consideration. Sec. 510B. Reauthorization of authority to order retired members to active duty in high-demand, low-density assignments. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 511. Consolidation of authorities to order members of the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces to per-form duty. Sec. 512. Establishment of Office of Complex In-vestigations within the National Guard Bureau. Sec. 513. Review of effects of personnel require-ments and limitations on the availability of members of the Na-tional Guard for the performance of funeral honors duty for vet-erans. Sec. 514. Training for National Guard per-sonnel on wildfire response. Sec. 515. Plan to meet demand for cyberspace career fields in the reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities Sec. 516. Report on policies for regular and re-serve officer career management. Sec. 517. Responsibility of Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces for standards and qualifications for military special-ties within the Armed Forces. Sec. 518. Confidential review of characteriza-tion of terms of discharge of mem-bers of the Armed Forces who are survivors of sexual assault. Sec. 519. Improvements to certain authorities and procedures of discharge re-view boards. Sec. 520. Public availability of information re-lated to disposition of claims re-garding discharge or release of members of the Armed Forces when the claims involve sexual assault. Sec. 520A. Modification of basis for extension of period for enlistment in the Armed Forces under the Delayed Entry Program. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters Sec. 521. Revision to Manual for Courts-Martial with respect to dissemination of visual depictions of private areas or sexually explicit conduct with-out the consent of the person de-picted. Sec. 522. Technical and conforming amend-ments in connection with reform of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 523. Priority of review by Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces of decisions of Courts of Criminal Appeals on petitions for enforcement of vic-tims’ rights. Sec. 524. Assistance of defense counsel in addi-tional post-trial matters for ac-cused convicted by court-martial. Sec. 525. Enumeration of additional limitations on acceptance of plea agreements by military judges of general or special courts-martial. Sec. 526. Additional proceedings by Courts of Criminal Appeals by order of United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. Sec. 527. Clarification of applicability and ef-fective dates for statute of limita-tions amendments in connection with Uniform Code of Military Justice Reform. Sec. 528. Modification of year of initial review by Military Justice Review Panel of Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice reform amendments. Sec. 529. Clarification of applicability of certain provisions of law to civilian judges of the United States Court of Military Commission Review. Sec. 530. Enhancement of effective prosecution and defense in courts-martial and related matters. Sec. 531. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces jurisdiction to review interlocu-tory appeals of decisions on cer-tain petitions for writs of man-damus. Sec. 532. Punitive article on wrongful broadcast 
or distribution of intimate visual images or visual images of sexu-ally explicit conduct under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 533. Report on availability of postsec-ondary credit for skills acquired during military service. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience Sec. 541. Ready, Relevant Learning initiative of the Navy. Sec. 542. Element in preseparation counseling for members of the Armed Forces on assistance and support services for caregivers of certain veterans through the Department of Vet-erans Affairs. Sec. 543. Discharge in the Selected Reserve of the commissioned service obliga-tion of military service academy graduates who participate in pro-fessional athletics. Sec. 544. Pilot programs on appointment in the excepted service in the Depart-ment of Defense of physically dis-qualified former cadets and mid-shipmen. Sec. 545. Limitation on availability of funds for attendance of Air Force enlisted personnel at Air Force officer pro-fessional military education in- residence courses. Sec. 546. Pilot program on integration of De-partment of Defense and non- Federal efforts for civilian em-ployment of members of the Armed Forces following transition from active duty to civilian life. Sec. 547. Two-year extension of suicide preven-tion and resilience program for the National Guard and Reserves. Sec. 548. Sexual assault prevention and re-sponse training for all individuals enlisted in the Armed Forces under a delayed entry program. Sec. 549. Use of assistance under Department of Defense Tuition Assistance Pro-gram for non-traditional edu-cation to develop cybersecurity and computer coding skills. Sec. 550. Sense of Senate on increasing enroll-ment in Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs at mi-nority-serving institutions. Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—D
EFENSE DEPENDENTS ’ EDUCATION  M
ATTERS  Sec. 551. Impact aid for children with severe disabilities. Sec. 552. Continuation of authority to assist local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. Sec. 553. One-year extension of authorities re-lating to the transition and sup-port of military dependent stu-dents to local educational agen-cies. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5891 September 25, 2017 
PART II—M ILITARY FAMILY READINESS  M
ATTERS  Sec. 556. Housing treatment for certain members of the Armed Forces, and their spouses and other dependents, undergoing a permanent change of station within the United States. Sec. 557. Direct hire authority for Department of Defense for childcare services providers for Department child development centers. Sec. 558. Report on expanding and contracting for childcare services of the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 559. Report on review of General Schedule pay grades of childcare services providers of the Department of Defense. Sec. 560. Pilot program on public-private part-nerships for telework facilities on military installations outside the United States. Sec. 561. Report on mechanisms to facilitate the obtaining by military spouses of professional licenses or creden-tials in other States. Sec. 562. Additional military childcare matters. Sec. 563. Mechanisms to facilitate the obtaining by military spouses of occupa-tional licenses or credentials in other States. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards Sec. 571. Authority of Secretary of the Army to award the Personnel Protection Equipment award of the Army to former members of the Army. Sec. 572. Authorization for award of Distin-guished Service Cross to Specialist Frank M. Crary for acts of valor in Vietnam. Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 581. Modification of submittal date of Comptroller General of the United States report on integrity of the Department of Defense whistle-blower program. Sec. 582. Report to Congress on accompanied and unaccompanied tours of duty in remote locations with high fam-ily support costs. Sec. 583. Authorization of support for Beyond Yellow Ribbon programs. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Fiscal year 2018 increase in military basic pay. Sec. 602. Extension of authority to provide tem-porary increase in rates of basic allowance for housing under cer-tain circumstances. Sec. 603. Adjustment to basic allowance for housing at with dependents rate of certain members of the uni-formed services. Sec. 604. Modification of authority of President to determine alternative pay ad-justment in annual basic pay of members of the uniformed serv-ices. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays Sec. 611. One-year extension of certain bonus and special pay authorities for re-serve forces. Sec. 612. One-year extension of certain bonus and special pay authorities for health care professionals. Sec. 613. One-year extension of special pay and bonus authorities for nuclear offi-cers. Sec. 614. One-year extension of authorities re-lating to title 37 consolidated spe-cial pay, incentive pay, and bonus authorities. Sec. 615. One-year extension of authorities re-lating to payment of other title 37 bonuses and special pays. Sec. 616. Aviation bonus matters. Sec. 617. Special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for enlisted members who pilot remotely pi-loted aircraft. Sec. 618. Technical and conforming amend-ments relating to 2008 consolida-tion of special pay authorities. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits PART I—A
MENDMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH R
ETIRED PAYREFORM  Sec. 631. Adjustments to Survivor Benefit Plan for members electing lump sum payments of retired pay under the modernized retirement system for members of the uniformed serv-ices. Sec. 632. Technical correction regarding elec-tion to participate in modernized retirement system for reserve com-ponent members experiencing a break in service. Sec. 633. Promotion of financial literacy con-cerning retirement among mem-bers of the Armed Forces. PART II—O
THER MATTERS  Sec. 636. Authority for the Secretaries of the military departments to provide for care of remains of those who die on active duty and are in-terred in a foreign cemetery. Sec. 637. Technical corrections to use of mem-ber’s current pay grade and years of service in a division of property involving disposable retired pay. Sec. 638. Permanent extension and cost-of-liv-ing adjustments of special sur-vivor indemnity allowances under the Survivor Benefit Plan. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 651. Construction of domestic source re-quirement for footwear furnished to enlisted members of the Armed Forces on initial entry into the Armed Forces. Sec. 652. Inclusion of Department of Agri-culture in Transition Assistance Program. Sec. 653. Review and update of regulations gov-erning debt collectors interactions with unit commanders. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. TRICARE Advantage demonstration program. Sec. 702. Continued access to medical care at facilities of the uniformed services for certain members of the reserve components. Sec. 703. Modification of eligibility for TRICARE Reserve Select and TRICARE Retired Reserve of cer-tain members of the reserve com-ponents. Sec. 704. Expedited evaluation and treatment for prenatal surgery under the TRICARE program. Sec. 705. Specification that individuals under the age of 21 are eligible for hos-pice care services under the TRICARE program. Sec. 706. Modifications of cost-sharing require-ments for the TRICARE Phar-macy Benefits Program and treat-ment of certain pharmaceutical agents. Sec. 707. Consolidation of cost-sharing require-ments under TRICARE Select and TRICARE Prime. Sec. 708. TRICARE technical amendments. Sec. 709. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE program. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 721. Modification of priority for evaluation and treatment of individuals at military treatment facilities. Sec. 722. Selection of directors of military treat-ment facilities and tours of duty of such directors. Sec. 723. Clarification of administration of mili-tary medical treatment facilities. Sec. 724. Modification of execution of TRICARE contracting responsibilities. Sec. 725. Pilot program on establishment of in-tegrated health care delivery sys-tems. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 731. Extension of authority for Joint De-partment of Defense-Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facil-ity Demonstration Fund. Sec. 732. Additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and se-verity of injuries caused by agents of war. Sec. 733. Prohibition on conduct of certain med-ical research and development projects. Sec. 734. Modification of determination of aver-age wait times at urgent care clin-ics and pharmacies at military medical treatment facilities under pilot program. Sec. 735. Report on plan to improve pediatric care and related services for chil-dren of members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 736. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments and related re-search efforts of the Department of Defense. Sec. 737. Feasibility study on conduct of pilot program on mental health readi-ness of part-time members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management Sec. 801. Repeal of temporary suspension of public-private competitions for conversion of Department of De-fense functions to performance by contractors. Sec. 802. Technical and conforming amend-ments related to program manage-ment provisions. Sec. 803. Should-cost management. Sec. 804. Clarification of purpose of Defense ac-quisition. Sec. 805. Defense policy advisory committee on technology. Sec. 806. Report on extension of development, acquisition, and sustainment au-thorities of the military depart-ments to the United States Special Operations Command. Sec. 807. Ensuring transparency in acquisition programs. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Sec. 811. Waiver authority for purposes of ex-panding competition. Sec. 812. Increased simplified acquisition threshold applicable to Depart-ment of Defense procurements. Sec. 813. Increased threshold for cost or pricing data and truth in negotiations re-quirements. Sec. 814. Contract authority for advanced de-velopment of initial or additional prototype units. Sec. 815. Treatment of independent research and development costs on certain contracts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5892 September 25, 2017 
Sec. 816. Non-traditional contractor definition. Sec. 817. Repeal of domestic source restriction related to wearable electronics. Sec. 818. Use of outcome-based and perform-ance-based requirements for serv-ices contracts. Sec. 819. Pilot program for longer term multiyear service contracts. Sec. 820. Identification of commercial services. Sec. 821. Government Accountability Office bid protest reforms. Sec. 822. Enhanced post-award debriefing rights. Sec. 823. Limitation on unilateral definitization. Sec. 824. Restriction on use of reverse auctions and lowest price technically ac-ceptable contracting methods for safety equipment. Sec. 825. Use of lowest price technically accept-able source selection process. Sec. 826. Middle tier of acquisition for rapid prototype and rapid fielding. Sec. 827. Elimination of cost underruns as fac-tor in calculation of penalties for cost overruns. Sec. 828. Contract closeout authority. Sec. 829. Service contracts of the Department of Defense. Sec. 830. Department of Defense contractor workplace safety and account-ability. Sec. 831. Department of Defense promotion of contractor compliance with exist-ing law. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 835. Revisions to definition of major de-fense acquisition program. Sec. 836. Prohibition on use of lowest price technically acceptable source se-lection process for major defense acquisition programs. Sec. 837. Role of the Chief of the armed force in material development decision and acquisition system milestones. Subtitle D—Provisions Related to Acquisition Workforce Sec. 841. Training in commercial items procure-ment. Sec. 842. Modification of definition of acquisi-tion workforce to include per-sonnel engaged in the acquisition or development of cybersecurity systems. Sec. 843. Training and support for programs pursuing agile acquisition meth-ods. Sec. 844. Credits to Department of Defense Ac-quisition Workforce Development Fund. Subtitle E—Provisions Related to Commercial Items Sec. 851. Modification to definition of commer-cial items. Sec. 852. Revision to definition of commercial item. Sec. 853. Commercial item determinations. Sec. 854. Preference for acquisition of commer-cial items. Sec. 855. Inapplicable laws and regulations. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 861. Review regarding applicability of for-eign ownership, control, or influ-ence requirements of National Se-curity Industrial Program to na-tional technology and industrial base companies. Sec. 862. Pilot program on strengthening manu-facturing in defense industrial base. Sec. 863. Sunset of certain provisions relating to the industrial base. Subtitle G—International Contracting Matters Sec. 865. Procurement exception relating to agreements with foreign govern-ments. Sec. 866. Applicability of cost and pricing data certification requirements. Sec. 867. Enhancing program licensing. Subtitle H—Other Transactions Sec. 871. Other transaction authority. Sec. 872. Education and training for trans-actions other than contracts and grants. Sec. 873. Preference for use of other trans-actions and experimental author-ity. Sec. 874. Methods for entering into research agreements. Subtitle I—Development and Acquisition of Soft-ware Intensive and Digital Products and Serv-ices Sec. 881. Rights in technical data. Sec. 882. Defense Innovation Board analysis of software acquisition regulations. Sec. 883. Pilot to tailor software-intensive major programs to use agile methods. Sec. 884. Review and realignment of defense business systems to emphasize agile methods. Sec. 885. Software development pilot using agile best practices. Sec. 886. Use of open source software. Subtitle J—Other Matters Sec. 891. Improved transparency and oversight over Department of Defense re-search, development, test, and evaluation efforts and procure-ment activities related to medical research. Sec. 892. Rights in technical data related to medical research. Sec. 893. Oversight, audit, and certification from the Defense Contract Audit Agency for procurement activities related to medical research. Sec. 894. Requirements for Defense Contract Audit Agency report. Sec. 895. Prototype projects to digitize defense acquisition regulations, policies, and guidance, and empower user tailoring of acquisition process. Sec. 896. Pilot program for adoption of acquisi-tion strategy for Defense Base Act insurance. Sec. 897. Phase III awards. 
Sec. 898. Pilot program for streamlined tech-nology transition from the SBIR and STTR programs of the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 899. Annual report on limitation of subcon-tractor intellectual property rights. Sec. 899A. Extension from 20 to 30 years of max-imum total period for Department of Defense contracts for storage, handling, or distribution of liquid fuels and natural gas. Sec. 899B. Exception for Department of Defense contracts from requirement that business operations conducted under government contracts ac-cept and dispense $1 coins. Sec. 899C. Investing in rural small businesses. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Sec. 901. Chief Management Officer of the De-partment of Defense. Sec. 902. Realignment of responsibilities, duties, and powers of Chief Information Officer of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 903. Clarification of authority of Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisi-tion and Sustainment with respect to service acquisition programs for which the service acquisition ex-ecutive is the milestone decision authority. Sec. 904. Executive Schedule matters relating to Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. Sec. 905. Technical amendment. Sec. 906. Redesignation of Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readi-ness as Under Secretary of De-fense for Personnel and Health. Sec. 907. Qualifications for appointment and additional duties and powers of certain officials within the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller). Sec. 908. Five-year period of relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular component of the Armed Forces for appointment to Under Secretary of Defense positions. Sec. 909. Redesignation of Principal Deputy Under Secretaries of Defense as Deputy Under Secretaries of De-fense and related matters. Sec. 910. Reduction of number and elimination of specific designations of Assist-ant Secretaries of Defense. Sec. 911. Limitation on maximum number of Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Defense. Sec. 912. Modification of definition of OSD per-sonnel for purposes of limitation on number of Office of Secretary of Defense personnel. Subtitle B—Organization of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements Sec. 921. Reduction in authorized number of Assistant Secretaries of the mili-tary departments. Sec. 922. Qualifications for appointment of As-sistant Secretaries of the military departments for financial man-agement. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally Sec. 931. Reduction in limitation on number of Department of Defense SES posi-tions. Sec. 932. Manner of carrying out reductions in major Department of Defense headquarters activities. Sec. 933. Certifications on cost savings achieved by reductions in major Depart-ment of Defense headquarters ac-tivities. Sec. 934. Direct hire authority for the Depart-ment of Defense for personnel to assist in business transformation and management innovation. Sec. 935. Data analytics capability for support of enhanced oversight and man-agement of the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities. Sec. 936. Enhanced use of data analytics to im-prove acquisition program out-comes. Sec. 937. Pilot programs on data integration strategies for the Department of Defense. Sec. 938. Background and security investiga-tions for Department of Defense personnel. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 951. Transfer of lead of Guam Oversight Council from the Deputy Sec-retary of Defense to the Secretary of the Navy. Sec. 952. Corrosion control and prevention ex-ecutives matters. Sec. 953. Requirement for National Language Service Corps. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5893 September 25, 2017 
Sec. 1002. Calculations for payments into De-partment of Defense Military Re-tirement Fund using single level percentage of basic pay deter-mined on Armed Force-wide rath-er than Armed Forces-wide basis. Sec. 1003. Certifications on audit readiness of the Department of Defense and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1004. Failure to obtain audit opinion on fiscal year full financial state-ments of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 1005. Improper payment matters. Sec. 1006. Financial operations dashboard for the Department of Defense. Sec. 1007. Comptroller General of the United States recommendations on audit capabilities and infrastructure and related matters. Sec. 1008. Information on Department of De-fense funding in Department press releases and related public state-ments on programs, projects, and activities funded by the Depart-ment. Subtitle B—Counterdrug Activities Sec. 1011. Extension and modification of au-thority to support a unified counterdrug and counterterrorism campaign in Colombia. Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1016. Policy of the United States on min-imum number of battle force ships. Sec. 1017. Operational readiness of Littoral Combat Ships on extended deploy-ment. Sec. 1018. Authority to purchase used vessels to recapitalize the Ready Reserve Force and the Military Sealift Command surge fleet. Sec. 1019. Surveying ships. Sec. 1020. Pilot program on funding for na-tional defense sealift vessels. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism Sec. 1031. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of in-dividuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1032. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify fa-cilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1033. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release to certain countries of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1034. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for realignment of forces at or closure of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1035. Authority to transfer individuals de-tained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States temporarily for emergency or critical medical treatment. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1041. Matters relating to the submittal of future-years defense programs. Sec. 1042. Department of Defense integration of information operations and cyber- enabled information operations. Sec. 1043. Prohibition on lobbying activities with respect to the Department of Defense by certain officers of the Armed Forces and civilian em-ployees of the Department within two years of separation from mili-tary service or employment with the Department. Sec. 1044. Definition of ‘‘unmanned aerial vehi-cle’’ for purposes of title 10, United States Code. Sec. 1045. Technical amendment relating to management of military techni-cians. Sec. 1046. Extension of prohibition on use of funds for retirement of legacy maritime mine countermeasure platforms. Sec. 1047. Sense of Congress on the basing of KC–46A aircraft outside the conti-nental United States. Sec. 1048. Authorization to procure up to six polar-class icebreakers. Sec. 1049. Sense of Congress on use of test sites for research and development on countering unmanned aircraft systems. Subtitle F—Studies and Reports Sec. 1061. Assessment of global force posture. Sec. 1062. Army modernization strategy. Sec. 1063. Report on Army plan to improve operational unit readiness by re-ducing number of non-deployable soldiers assigned to operational units. Sec. 1064. Efforts to combat physiological epi-sodes on certain Navy aircraft. Sec. 1065. Studies on aircraft inventories for the Air Force. Sec. 1066. Plan and recommendations for inter-agency vetting of foreign invest-ments with potential impacts on national defense and national se-curity. Sec. 1067. Report on authorities for the employ-ment, use, and status of National Guard and Reserve technicians. Sec. 1068. Conforming repeals and technical amendments in connection with reports of the Department of De-fense whose submittal to Congress has previously been terminated by law. Sec. 1069. Annual reports on approval of em-ployment or compensation of re-tired general or flag officers by foreign governments for Emolu-ments Clause purposes. Sec. 1070. Annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations. Sec. 1071. Report on large-scale, joint exercises involving the air and land do-mains. Sec. 1072. Department of Defense review of Navy capabilities in the Arctic re-gion. Sec. 1073. Business case analysis on establish-ment of active duty association and additional primary aircraft authorizations for the 168th Air Refueling Wing. Sec. 1074. Report on Navy capacity to increase production of anti-submarine warfare and search and rescue ro-tary wing aircraft in light of in-crease in the size of the surface fleet to 355 ships. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1081. Protection against misuse of Naval Special Warfare Command insig-nia. Sec. 1082. Collaborations between the Armed Forces and certain non-Federal entities on support of Armed Forces missions abroad. Sec. 1083. Federal charter for Spirit of America. Sec. 1084. Reconsideration of claims for dis-ability compensation for veterans who were the subjects of mustard gas or lewisite experiments during World War II. Sec. 1085. Prize competition to identify root cause of physiological episodes on Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force training and operational aircraft. Sec. 1086. Exception to the interdepartmental waiver doctrine for cleanup of ve-hicle crashes. Sec. 1087. Transfer of surplus firearms to Cor-poration for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safe-ty. Sec. 1088. Prevention of certain health care pro-viders from providing non-Depart-ment health care services to vet-erans. Sec. 1089. Declassification by Department of Defense of certain incidents of ex-posure of members of the Armed Forces to toxic substances. Sec. 1089A. Carriage of certain programming. Subtitle H—Modernizing Government 
Technology Sec. 1091. Short title. Sec. 1092. Definitions. Sec. 1093. Establishment of agency information technology systems modernization and working capital funds. Sec. 1094. Establishment of technology mod-ernization fund and board. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters Sec. 1101. Pilot program on enhanced personnel management system for cybersecu-rity and legal professionals in the Department of Defense. Sec. 1102. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Of-fice and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the Department of Defense in personnel manage-ment authority to attract experts in science and engineering. Sec. 1103. Permanent authority for demonstra-tion projects relating to acquisi-tion personnel management poli-cies and procedures. Sec. 1104. Establishment of senior scientific technical managers at Major Range and Test Facility Base fa-cilities and Defense Test Resource Management Center. Sec. 1105. Extension of temporary direct hire authority for domestic defense in-dustrial base facilities and the major range and test facilities base. Sec. 1106. Direct hire authority for financial management experts in the De-partment of Defense workforce. Sec. 1107. Authority for waiver of requirement for a baccalaureate degree for po-sitions in the Department of De-fense on cybersecurity and com-puter programming. Subtitle B—Government-wide Matters Sec. 1111. Elimination of foreign exemption pro-vision in regard to overtime for Federal civilian employees tempo-rarily assigned to a foreign area. Sec. 1112. One-year extension of authority to waive annual limitation on pre-mium pay and aggregate limita-tion on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. Sec. 1113. One-year extension of temporary au-thority to grant allowances, bene-fits, and gratuities to civilian per-sonnel on official duty in a com-bat zone. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5894 September 25, 2017 
TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Support of special operations for ir-regular warfare. Sec. 1202. Modification of authority on support of special operations to combat terrorism. Sec. 1203. Modifications of certain authority in connection with reform of defense security cooperation programs and activities. Sec. 1204. Global Security Contingency Fund matters. Sec. 1205. Defense Institute of International Legal Studies. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1211. Extension of Commanders’ Emer-gency Response Program and re-lated authorities. Sec. 1212. Extension of authority to transfer de-fense articles and provide defense services to the military and secu-rity forces of Afghanistan. Sec. 1213. Extension and modification of au-thority for reimbursement of cer-tain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Sec. 1214. Extension of authority to acquire products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. Sec. 1215. Extension of semiannual report on enhancing security and stability in Afghanistan. Sec. 1216. Sense of Congress regarding the Af-ghan special immigrant visa pro-gram. Sec. 1217. Special immigrant visas for Afghan allies. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1231. Modification of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1232. Modification of authority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian op-position. Sec. 1233. Extension and modification of au-thority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1234. Modification and additional elements in annual report on the military power of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Sec. 1241. Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federa-tion. Sec. 1242. Extension of limitation on avail-ability of funds relating to activi-ties to recognize the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Cri-mea. Sec. 1243. Extension of Ukraine Security Assist-ance Initiative. Sec. 1244. Extension of authority on training for Eastern European national se-curity forces in the course of mul-tilateral exercises. Sec. 1245. Security assistance for Baltic nations for joint program for resiliency and deterrence against aggres-sion. Sec. 1246. Annual report on military and secu-rity developments involving the Russian Federation. Sec. 1247. Annual report on attempts of the Russian Federation to provide disinformation and propaganda to members of the Armed Forces by social media. Sec. 1248. Support of European Deterrence Ini-tiative to deter Russian aggres-sion. Sec. 1249. Sense of Congress on the European Deterrence Initiative. Sec. 1250. Enhancement of Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative. Sec. 1251. Sense of Congress on the importance of the North Atlantic Treaty Or-ganization Intelligence Fusion Center. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Asia-Pacific Region Sec. 1261. Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative. Sec. 1262. Expansion of military-to-military en-gagement with the Government of Burma. Sec. 1263. Agreement supplemental to Compact of Free Association with Palau. Sec. 1264. Workforce issues for relocation of Marines to Guam. Sec. 1265. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation operations and overflight beyond the terri-torial seas. Sec. 1266. Sense of Congress on the importance of the rule of law in the South China Sea. Sec. 1267. Sense of Congress on the importance of the relationship between the United States and Japan. Sec. 1268. Sense of Congress on the importance of the United States alliance with the Republic of Korea. Sec. 1269. Sense of Congress on extended deter-rence for the Korean Peninsula and Japan. Sec. 1270. Defense partnership between the United States and Taiwan. Sec. 1270A. Naval port of call exchanges be-tween the United States and Tai-wan. Sec. 1270B. Program to enhance the undersea warfare capabilities of Taiwan. Sec. 1270C. Invitation of Taiwan military forces to participate in joint military ex-ercises. Sec. 1270D. Report on military exchanges be-tween senior officers and officials of the United States and Taiwan. Subtitle F—Reports Sec. 1271. Submittal of Department of Defense Supplemental and Cost of War Execution reports on quarterly basis. Sec. 1272. Consolidation of reports on United States Armed Forces, civilian em-ployees, and contractors deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve and Operation Freedom’s Sentinel. Subtitle G—Other Matters Sec. 1281. Modification of availability of funds in Special Defense Acquisition Fund for precision guided muni-tions. Sec. 1282. Use of funds in the United States for 
certain United States-Israel anti- tunnel cooperation activities. Sec. 1283. Foreign military sales letters of re-quest for pricing and availability. Sec. 1284. Sense of Congress on reaffirming strategic partnerships and allies. Sec. 1285. Sense of Congress on consideration of impact of marine debris in trade agreements. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Specification of Cooperative Threat Reduction funds. Sec. 1302. Funding allocations. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical Agents and Munitions De-struction, Defense. Sec. 1403. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1404. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1405. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile Sec. 1411. Authority to dispose of certain mate-rials from and to acquire addi-tional materials for the National Defense Stockpile. Subtitle C—Chemical Demilitarization Matters Sec. 1421. Acquisition reporting on major chem-ical demilitarization programs of the Department of Defense. Subtitle D—Armed Forces Retirement Home Sec. 1431. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1432. Armed Forces Retirement Home mat-ters. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 1441. Authority for transfer of funds to Joint Department of Defense-De-partment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1442. Enhancement of database of emer-gency response capabilities of the Department of Defense. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose. Sec. 1502. Overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1503. Procurement. Sec. 1504. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1505. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1506. Military personnel. Sec. 1507. Working capital funds. Sec. 1508. Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense-wide. Sec. 1509. Defense Inspector General. Sec. 1510. Defense Health Program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1521. Treatment as additional authoriza-tions. Sec. 1522. Special transfer authority. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1531. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Air Force Space Command. Sec. 1602. Air Force space contractor responsi-bility watch list. Sec. 1603. Presidential National Voice Confer-encing System. Sec. 1604. Limitation on use of funds for Delta IV launch vehicle. Sec. 1605. Policy of the United States with re-spect to classification of space as a combat domain. Sec. 1606. Launch support and infrastructure modernization. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities Sec. 1611. Extension of authority to engage in commercial activities as security for intelligence collection activi-ties. Sec. 1612. Consideration of service by recipients of Boren scholarships and fellow-ships in excepted service positions as service by such recipients under career appointments for purposes of career tenure. Subtitle C—Cyber Warfare, Cybersecurity, and Related Matters Sec. 1621. Policy of the United States on cyber-space, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5895 September 25, 2017 
Sec. 1622. Cyber posture review. Sec. 1623. Modification and clarification of re-quirements and authorities relat-ing to establishment of unified combatant command for cyber op-erations. Sec. 1624. Annual assessment of cyber resiliency of nuclear command and control system. Sec. 1625. Strategic Cybersecurity Program. Sec. 1626. Evaluation of agile acquisition of cyber tools and applications. Sec. 1627. Report on cost implications of termi-nating dual-hat arrangement for Commander of United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1628. Modification of Information Assur-ance Scholarship Program. Sec. 1629. Measuring compliance of components of Department of Defense with cy-bersecurity requirements for se-curing industrial control systems. Sec. 1630. Exercise on assessing cybersecurity support to election systems of States. Sec. 1630A. Report on various approaches to cyber deterrence. Sec. 1630B. Prohibition on use of software plat-forms developed by Kaspersky Lab. Sec. 1630C. Report on cyber applications of blockchain technology. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1631. Collection, storage, and sharing of data relating to nuclear security enterprise. Sec. 1632. Establishment of procedures for im-plementation of Nuclear Enter-prise Review. Sec. 1633. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missiles. Sec. 1634. Execution and programmatic over-sight of nuclear command, con-trol, and communications pro-grams. Sec. 1635. Measures in response to noncompli-ance of the Russian Federation with its obligations under the INF Treaty. Sec. 1636. Certification that the Nuclear Pos-ture Review addresses deterrent effect and operation of United States nuclear forces in current and future security environments. Sec. 1637. Plan to manage Integrated Tactical Warning and Attack Assessment System and multi-domain sensors. Sec. 1638. Certification requirement with respect to strategic radiation hardened trusted foundry. Sec. 1639. Requirements for Nuclear Posture Re-view. Sec. 1640. Sense of Congress on Nuclear Posture Review. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1651. Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli Cooperative Missile Defense Program co-devel-opment and co-production. Sec. 1652. Development of persistent space- based sensor architecture. Sec. 1653. Ground-based interceptor capability, capacity and reliability. Sec. 1654. Sense of the Senate on the state of United States missile defense. Sec. 1655. Sense of the Senate and report on ground-based midcourse defense testing. Subtitle F—Cyber Scholarship Opportunities Sec. 1661. Short title. Sec. 1662. Community college cyber pilot pro-gram and assessment. Sec. 1663. Federal Cyber Scholarship-for Service program updates. Sec. 1664. Cybersecurity teaching. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2105. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2015 project. Sec. 2106. Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 2014 project. Sec. 2107. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. Sec. 2205. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. Sec. 2206. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry 
out certain fiscal year 2017 projects. Sec. 2306. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized Defense Agencies con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, De-fense Agencies. Sec. 2404. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2405. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. Sec. 2406. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construc-tion projects. Sec. 2512. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601. Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construc-tion and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve con-struction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, Na-tional Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2015 project. Sec. 2612. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2014 projects. Sec. 2613. Extension of authorizations of cer-tain fiscal year 2015 projects. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure ac-tivities funded through Depart-ment of Defense Base Closure Ac-count. Sec. 2702. Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes Sec. 2801. Authority to use expiring funds for certain military construction projects. Sec. 2802. Extension of temporary, limited au-thority to use operation and maintenance funds for construc-tion projects in certain areas out-side the United States. Sec. 2803. Authorized cost increases. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Sec. 2811. Authority to use energy cost savings for energy resilience, mission as-surance, and weather damage re-pair and prevention measures. Sec. 2812. Modification of unspecified minor military construction project au-thority to cover correction of defi-ciencies that are threats to instal-lation resilience. Sec. 2813. Land exchange valuation of property with reduced development that limits encroachment on military installations. Sec. 2814. Access to military installations by transportation network compa-nies. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2821. Land conveyance, Natick Soldier Sys-tems Center, Massachusetts. Sec. 2822. Land conveyance, Army and Air Force Exchange Service property, Dallas, Texas. Sec. 2823. Land conveyances, certain former peacekeeper ICBM facilities in Wyoming. Sec. 2824. Land exchange, Naval Industrial Ordnance Reserve Plant, Sunny-vale, California. Sec. 2825. Land exchange, Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, Texas. Subtitle D—Project Management and Oversight Reforms Sec. 2831. Notification requirement for certain cost overruns and schedule delays. Sec. 2832. Limited authority for private sector supervision of military construc-tion projects in event of extensive cost overruns or project delays. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5896 September 25, 2017 
Sec. 2833. Annual report on cost overruns and schedule delays. Sec. 2834. Report on design errors and omissions related to Fort Bliss hospital re-placement project. Sec. 2835. Report on cost increase and delay re-lated to USSTRATCOM command and control facility project at Offutt Air Force Base. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 2841. Annual Department of Defense en-ergy management reports. Sec. 2842. Aggregation of energy efficiency and energy resilience projects in life cycle cost analyses. Sec. 2843. Authority of the Secretary of the Air Force to accept lessee improve-ments at Air Force Plant 42. Sec. 2844. Prohibition on use of funds for Kwaj-alein project. Sec. 2845. Energy resilience. Sec. 2846. Consideration of energy security and energy resilience in awarding en-ergy and fuel contracts for mili-tary installations. Sec. 2847. Requirement to address energy resil-ience in exercising utility system conveyance authority. Sec. 2848. In-kind lease payments; prioritization of utility services that promote en-ergy resilience. Sec. 2849. Disclosure of beneficial ownership by foreign persons of high security space leased by the Department of Defense. Sec. 2850. Establishment of a visitor services fa-cility on the Arlington Ridge tract. Sec. 2851. Joint use of Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Marietta, Georgia, with civil aviation. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2904. Extension of authorization of certain fiscal year 2015 projects. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Assessment and development of proto-type nuclear weapons of foreign countries. Sec. 3112. Use of funds for construction and project support activities relating to MOX facility. Sec. 3113. Repeal, consolidation, and modifica-tion of reporting requirements. Sec. 3114. National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration personnel system. Sec. 3115. Annual reports on unfunded prior-ities of National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3116. Extension of authorization of Advi-sory Board on Toxic Substances and Worker Health. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 3501. Maritime Administration. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contin-gency operations. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for over-seas contingency operations. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas con-tingency operations. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national secu-rity programs. DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE LI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 5101. Plan for modernization of the radar 
for F–16 fighter aircraft of the Na-tional Guard. Sec. 5102. Upgrade of M113 vehicles. TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 5201. Reauthorization of Department of Defense Established Program To Stimulate Competitive Research. Sec. 5202. Pilot program to improve incentives for technology transfer from De-partment of Defense laboratories. TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 5301. Comptroller General report on De-partment of Defense installation access control initiatives. Sec. 5302. Comprehensive plan for sharing depot-level maintenance best practices. Sec. 5303. Facilities demolition plan of the Army. TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Sec. 5501. Criminal background checks of em-ployees of the military child care system and providers of child care services and youth program serv-ices for military dependents. Sec. 5502. Review of TAP for women. Sec. 5503. Annual report on participation in the Transition Assistance Program for members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 5504. Modification of deadline for sub-mittal by officers of written com-munications to promotion selec-tion boards on matters of impor-tance to their selection. Sec. 5505. Standardization of authorities in connection with repeal of statu-tory specification of general offi-cer grade for the Dean of the Aca-demic Board of the United States Military Academy and the Dean of the Faculty of the United States Air Force Academy. Sec. 5506. Civilian training for National Guard pilots and sensor operator air-crews of MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicles. Sec. 5507. Authorization for award of the Medal of Honor to Garlin M. Conner for acts of valor during World War II. Sec. 5508. Educational opportunities for mili-tary children in science, tech-nology, engineering, and mathe-matics. TITLE LLVI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Sec. 5601. Report on use of second-destination transportation to transport fresh fruit and vegetables to com-missaries in the Asia-Pacific re-gion. Sec. 5602. Report on management of military commissaries and exchanges. TITLE LVII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Sec. 5701. Study on safe opioid prescribing practices. Sec. 5702. Specification that individuals under the age of 21 are eligible for hos-pice care services under the TRICARE program. Sec. 5703. Regular update of prescription drug pricing standard under TRICARE retail pharmacy program. Sec. 5704. Longitudinal medical study on blast pressure exposure of members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 5705. Authorization of physical therapist assistants and occupational ther-apy assistants to provide services under the TRICARE program. TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Sec. 5901. Designation of office within Office of the Secretary of Defense to over-see use of food assistance pro-grams by members of the Armed Forces on active duty. TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 6001. Air Force pilot program on education and training and certification of secondary and post-secondary students as aircraft technicians. Sec. 6002. Collaboration between Federal Avia-tion Administration and Depart-ment of Defense on unmanned aircraft systems. Sec. 6003. Report on defense of combat logistics and strategic mobility forces. Sec. 6004. Report on the circumstances sur-rounding the 2016 attacks on the U.S.S. Mason. Sec. 6005. Office of Special Counsel reauthor-ization. Sec. 6006. Rule of construction on certifications on audit readiness of the Depart-ment of Defense and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and ele-ments of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 6007. Certifications on reliability of the fi-nancial statements of the Depart-ment of Defense and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and ele-ments of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 6008. Streamlining of requirements in con-nection with audits and the reli-ability of the financial statements of the Department of Defense. Sec. 6009. Rankings of auditability of financial statements of the organizations and elements of the Department of Defense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5897 September 25, 2017 
Sec. 6010. Report on implementation of Comp-troller General of the United States recommendations for the Department of Defense, Depart-ment of State, and United States Agency for International Develop-ment. Sec. 6011. Report on airports used by Mahan Air. Sec. 6012. OPEN Government data. Sec. 6013. Briefing on plans to develop and im-prove additive manufacturing ca-pabilities. TITLE LXII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Sec. 6201. Advancements in defense cooperation between the United States and India. Sec. 6202. Comptroller General of the United States report. Sec. 6203. Human rights vetting of Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces. Sec. 6204. Additional matter for sense of Con-gress on extended deterrence for the Korean peninsula and Japan. Sec. 6205. Study on United States interests in the Freely Associated States. Sec. 6206. Plan to enhance the extended deter-rence and assurance capabilities of the United States in the Asia- Pacific region. Sec. 6207. Rule of construction on provisions re-lating to the Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative. Sec. 6208. Extension of Ukraine Security Assist-ance Initiative. Sec. 6209. Extension of authority on training for Eastern European national se-curity forces in the course of mul-tilateral exercises. Sec. 6210. Security assistance for Baltic nations for joint program for resiliency and deterrence against aggres-sion. Sec. 6211. Annual report on military and secu-rity developments involving the Russian Federation. Sec. 6212. Annual report on attempts of the Russian Federation to provide disinformation and propaganda to members of the Armed Forces by social media. Sec. 6213. Support of European Deterrence Ini-tiative to deter Russian aggres-sion. Sec. 6214. Sense of Congress on the European Deterrence Initiative. Sec. 6215. Enhancement of Ukraine Security As-sistance Initiative. Sec. 6216. Assessment of the expanding global influence of China and its impact on the national security interests of the United States. Sec. 6217. Ineffectiveness of expansion of mili-tary-to-military engagement with the Government of Burma. TITLE LXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Sec. 6601. Sense of Congress on use of Intergov-ernmental Personnel Act Mobility Program and Department of De-fense Information Technology Ex-change Program to obtain per-sonnel with cyber skills and abili-ties for the Department of De-fense. Sec. 6602. Sense of Congress on establishing an award program for the cyber com-munity of the Department of De-fense. Sec. 6603. Review of United States nuclear and radiological terrorism prevention strategy. Sec. 6604. Sense of Congress on National Space Defense Center. Sec. 6605. Prohibition on establishment of mili-tary department or corps separate from or subordinate to the current military departments. Sec. 6606. Rule of construction on Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system and Israeli Cooperative Missile Defense Program. Sec. 6607. Report on integration of moderniza-tion and sustainment of nuclear triad. Sec. 6608. Comptroller General of the United States report on Department of Defense critical telecommuni-cations equipment or services ob-tained from suppliers closely linked to a leading cyber-threat actor. TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 7801. Certification related to certain acqui-sitions or leases of real property. Sec. 7802. Energy security for military installa-tions in Europe. Sec. 7803. Land conveyance, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho. Sec. 7804. Annual locality adjustment of dollar thresholds applicable to unspec-ified minor military construction authorities. TITLE LXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 8101. Albuquerque Complex upgrades con-struction project. TITLE LXXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 8201. Authorization. DIVISION F—FURTHER ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE CI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 10101. Interim Combat Service Rifle. TITLE CII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 10201. Support for national security inno-vation and entrepreneurial edu-cation. Sec. 10202. Ineffectiveness of codification and enhancement of authorities to provide funds for defense labora-tories for research and develop-ment of technologies for military missions. Sec. 10203. Codification and enhancement of authorities to provide funds for defense laboratories for research and development of technologies for military missions. Sec. 10204. Annual report on unfunded require-ments for laboratory military con-struction projects. Sec. 10205. Very-low profile hardware to inter-act with the Mobile User Objective System and other systems. TITLE CIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 10301. Report on release of radium or ra-dioactive material into the groundwater near the industrial reserve plant in Bethpage, New York. Sec. 10302. Sense on Congress on the small tur-bine engine industrial base. Sec. 10303. Report on optimization of training in and management of special use 
airspace. Sec. 10304. Centers for Disease Control study on health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances con-tamination in drinking water. TITLE CV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Sec. 10501. Flexibility in promotion of Deputy Judge Advocate General of the Air Force. Sec. 10502. Ineffectiveness of pilot program on integration of Department of De-fense and non-Federal efforts for civilian employment of members of the Armed Forces following tran-sition from active duty to civilian life. Sec. 10503. Pilot program on integration of De-partment of Defense and non- Federal efforts for civilian em-ployment of members of the Armed Forces following transition from active duty to civilian life. TITLE CVI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Sec. 10601. Sense of Senate on the use by ex-change stores of small businesses as suppliers. Sec. 10602. Garnishment to satisfy judgment rendered for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child. Sec. 10603. Element in next quadrennial review of military compensation on value assigned by members of the Armed Forces to various aspects of mili-tary compensation. TITLE CVII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Sec. 10701. Requirement for reimbursement by Department of Defense to entities carrying out State vaccination programs for costs of vaccines provided to covered beneficiaries. Sec. 10702. Eligibility for certain health care benefits of members of the Se-lected Reserve ordered to active duty for preplanned missions in support of the combatant com-mands. TITLE CVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS Sec. 10801. Responsibilities of commercial mar-ket representatives. Sec. 10802. Modification to the HUBZone pro-gram. Sec. 10803. Report on defense contracting fraud. Sec. 10804. Government micro-purchase thresh-old matters. TITLE CIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Sec. 10901. Report on implementation of re-quirements in connection with the organization of the Department of Defense for management of spe-cial operations forces and special operations. Sec. 10902. Report on the need for a Joint Chemical-Biological Defense Lo-gistics Center. TITLE CX—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Additional General Provisions Sec. 11001. Expansion of availability from the Department of Veterans Affairs of counseling and treatment for sex-ual trauma for members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 11002. Report on the global food system and vulnerabilities relevant to De-partment of Defense missions. Sec. 11003. Ineffectiveness of Department of De-fense integration of information operations and cyber-enabled in-formation operations. Sec. 11004. Department of Defense integration of information operations and cyber-enabled information oper-ations. Sec. 11005. Report on cyber capability and read-iness shortfalls of Army Combat Training Centers. Sec. 11006. Report on the audit of the full fi-nancial statements of the Depart-ment of Defense. Sec. 11007. Report on hurricane damage to De-partment of Defense assets. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6343 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5898 September 25, 2017 
Sec. 11008. Establishment of center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitiga-tion, treatment, and rehabilita-tion of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. Subtitle B—Government Purchase and Travel Cards Sec. 11021. Short title. Sec. 11022. Definitions. Sec. 11023. Expanded use of data analytics. Sec. 11024. Guidance on improving information sharing to curb improper pay-ments. Sec. 11025. Interagency Charge Card Data Management Group. Sec. 11026. Reporting requirements. TITLE CXII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Sec. 11201. Sense of Congress on cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine. Sec. 11202. North Korea strategy. Sec. 11203. Plan on improvement of ability of foreign governments participating in United States institutional ca-pacity building programs to pro-tect civilians. Sec. 11204. Report on the capabilities and ac-tivities of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and other violent ex-tremist groups in Southeast Asia. Sec. 11205. Sense of Congress on the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Sec. 11206. Clarification of authority to support border security operations of cer-tain foreign countries. TITLE CXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Sec. 11601. Requirements relating to multi-use sensitive compartmented informa-tion facilities. Sec. 11602. Ineffectiveness of prohibition on use of software platforms developed by Kaspersky Lab. Sec. 11603. Prohibition on use of software plat-forms developed by Kaspersky Lab. Sec. 11604. Report on significant security risks of defense critical electric infra-structure. Sec. 11605. Report on progress made in imple-menting the Cyber Excepted Per-sonnel System. Sec. 11606. Report on acquisition strategy to re-capitalize the existing system for undersea fixed surveillance. Sec. 11607. Comprehensive review of maritime intelligence, surveillance, recon-naissance, and targeting. Sec. 11608. Report on training infrastructure for cyber forces. TITLE CXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 12801. Technical correction to authority for return of certain lands at Fort Wingate, New Mexico, to original inhabitants. Sec. 12802. Energy resilience. TITLE CXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 13101. Plutonium capabilities. TITLE CXXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION Sec. 13501. Ineffectiveness of Martime Adminis-tration provisions. Sec. 13502. Authorization of the Maritime Ad-ministration. Sec. 13503. Removal adjunct professor limit at United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 13504. Acceptance of guarantees in con-junction with partial donations for major projects of the United States Merchant Marine Acad-emy. Sec. 13505. Authority to pay conveyance or transfer expenses in connection with acceptance of a gift to the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 13506. Authority to participate in Federal, State or other research grants. Sec. 13607. Assistance for small shipyards and maritime communities. Sec. 13508. Domestic maritime centers of excel-lence. Sec. 13509. Access to satellite communication devices during Sea Year program. Sec. 13510. Actions to address sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic vi-olence, sexual assault, and stalk-ing at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 13511. Sexual assault prevention and re-sponse staff. Sec. 13512. Protection of students from sexual assault onboard vessels. Sec. 13513. Training requirement for sexual as-sault investigators. TITLE CXXXI—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 14001. Funding tables. Sec. 14002. Additional funding table matters. Sec. 14003. Expansion of SkillBridge initiative to include participation by Fed-eral agencies. Sec. 14004. Temporary extension of extended pe-riod of protections for members of uniformed services relating to mortgages, mortgage foreclosure, and eviction. Sec. 14005. Report on compliance with runway clear zone requirements. Sec. 14006. Limitation on cancellation of des-ignation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain De-fense Production Act Program. Sec. 14007. Report on the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center (NBACC) and Limitation on Use of Funds. Sec. 14008. Buy American Act training for De-fense acquisition workforce. Sec. 14009.Sec. 14010. Recognition of the National Museum of World War II Aviation. Sec. 14011. Increased term limit for intergovern-mental support agreements to pro-vide installation support services. Sec. 14012. Report on utilization of small busi-nesses for Federal contracts. Sec. 14013. Venue for prosecution of maritime drug trafficking. Sec. 14014. Sense of Congress on fire protection in Department of Defense facili-ties. Sec. 14015.
SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 4. BUDGETARY EFFECTS OF THIS ACT. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the pur-poses of complying with the Statutory Pay-As- You-Go Act of 2010, shall be determined by ref-erence to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congres-sional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the con-ference report or amendment between the Houses. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activities, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs SEC. 111. TRANSFER OF EXCESS HIGH MOBILITY MULTIPURPOSE WHEELED VEHICLES TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) T RANSFERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 153 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2581 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2581a. Transfer of excess High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs) to foreign countries ‘‘(a) R
EQUIREMENTS .—(1) Before an excess High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicle (HMMWV) is transferred on a grant or sales basis to a foreign country for the purpose of op-eration by that country, the Secretary of De-fense shall ensure that the HMMWV receives the same new, modernized powertrain and a modernized, armored or armor-capable crew compartment restored to like-new condition that the HMMWV would receive if it were to be mod-ernized for operational use by the armed forces. ‘‘(2) For the purposes of paragraph (1), the term ‘the same new, modernized powertrain’— ‘‘(A) means a fully-functioning new powertrain system; and ‘‘(B) does not mean an individual part, com-ponent, subassembly, assembly, or subsystem in-tegral to the functioning of the powertrain sys-tem such as a new engine or transmission. ‘‘(3) Any work performed pursuant to para-graph (1) shall be performed in the United States and shall be covered by section 2460(b)(1) of this title. ‘‘(b) W
AIVER .—Subject to the requirements of subsection (c), the Secretary may waive the re-quirements of subsection (a)(1) if the Secretary determines in writing that such an exception is required by the national security interests of the United States. ‘‘(c) N
OTIFICATION .—(1) If the Secretary makes a written determination under subsection (b), the Secretary may not transfer excess HMMWVs until 30 days after the Secretary has provided notice of the proposed transfer to the congressional defense committees. The notifica-tion shall include— ‘‘(A) the total quantity of HMMWVs, the se-rial and model numbers of each individual HMMWV, and the age, condition, and expected useful life of each individual HMMWV to be transferred; ‘‘(B) the recipient of the HMMWVs, the in-tended use of the HMMWVs, and a description of the national security interests of the United States necessitating the transfer; ‘‘(C) an explanation of why it is not in the national security interests of the United States to make the transfer in accordance with the re-quirements of subsection (a); ‘‘(D) the impact on the national technology and industrial base and, particularly, any re-duction of the opportunities of entities in the national technology and industrial base to sell new or used HMMWVs to the countries to which the proposed transfer of HMMWVs is to take place; and ‘‘(E) the names of all entities in the national technology and industrial base consulted as part of the determination in subsection (D), as well as the dates when and the names, titles, and affiliations of all individuals with whom such consultations took place. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall make the notification required under this subsection in accordance with the procedures specified in section 060403 of volume 3, chapter 6, of the Department of De-fense Financial Management Regulation.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2581 the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5899 September 25, 2017 
‘‘2581a. Transfer of excess High Mobility Multi-purpose Wheeled Vehicles (HMMWVs) to foreign coun-tries.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—Section 2581a of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with respect to transfers of High Mobility Multipurpose Wheeled Vehicles on and after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ARMY AIR-LAND MOBILE TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND DATA NETWORK, INCLUDING WARFIGHTER INFORMATION NET-WORK-TACTICAL (WIN–T). 
(a) L IMITATION .—No funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for other procure-ment, Army, and available for the Warfighter Information Network-Tactical (WIN–T), Incre-ment 2 (Inc 2) program may be obligated or ex-pended until the Secretary of the Army submits the report required under subsection (b). (b) R
EPORT .—The Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing how the Army intends to im-plement the recommendations related to air-land ad-hoc, mobile tactical communications and data networks provided by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) pursuant to section 237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 781). Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 13 Virginia class submarines. (b) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2018, for advance procurement associated with the Vir-ginia Class submarines for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a), and for equip-ment or subsystems associated with the Virginia Class submarine program, including procure-ment of— (1) long lead time material; or (2) material or equipment in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such fiscal year. (d) L
IMITATION ON TERMINATION LIABILITY .— A contract for construction of Virginia Class submarines entered into in accordance with sub-section (a) shall include a clause that limits the liability of the United States to the contractor for any termination of the contract. The max-imum liability of the United States under the clause shall be the amount appropriated for the submarines covered by the contract regardless of the amount obligated under the contract. 
SEC. 122. ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROYERS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear con-tracts, beginning not earlier than the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2018, for the procurement of up to 15 Arleigh Burke class Flight III guided missile destroyers. (2) A
UTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2018, for advance procurement associated with the de-stroyers for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under paragraph (1), and for systems and sub-systems associated with such destroyers in eco-nomic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. (3) CONDITION FOR OUT -YEAR CONTRACT PAY -
MENTS .—A contract entered into under para-graph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such fiscal year. (b) M
ODIFICATION TO PROCUREMENT OF ADDI-
TIONAL ARLEIGH BURKE CLASS DESTROYER .— Section 125(a)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) is amended by striking ‘‘to be procured either’’ and inserting ‘‘to be procured using a fixed-price contract either’’. 
SEC. 123. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR V–22 JOINT AIRCRAFT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE -
MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 program year, for the procurement of V–22 aircraft. Not-withstanding subsection (k) of such section 2306b, the Secretary of Defense may enter into a multiyear contract under this section for up to five years. (b) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—A contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 124. DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION OF AM-PHIBIOUS SHIP REPLACEMENT DES-IGNATED LX(R) OR AMPHIBIOUS TRANSPORT DOCK DESIGNATED LPD–30. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may enter into a contract, beginning with the fiscal year 2018 program year, for the design and construction of the amphibious ship re-placement designated LX(R) or the amphibious transport dock designated LPD–30 using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy. (b) U
SE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re- spect to the contract entered into under sub-section (a), the Secretary may use incremental funding to make payments under the contract. (c) C
ONDITION FOR OUT-YEAR CONTRACT PAY-
MENTS .—The contract entered into under sub-section (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under such contract for any fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appro-priations for that purpose for such fiscal year. 
SEC. 125. MODIFICATION OF COST LIMITATION BASELINE FOR CVN–78 CLASS AIR-CRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
Section 122(a) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2105), as most re-cently amended by section 122 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 749), is further amended by striking paragraph (2) and insert-ing the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) CVN–79.—The total amount obligated from funds appropriated or otherwise made available for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, or for any other procurement account, for the aircraft carrier designated CVN–79 may not exceed $11,398,000,000 (as adjusted pursuant to subsection (b)). ‘‘(3) F
OLLOW -ON SHIPS .—The total amount ob-ligated from funds appropriated or otherwise made available for Shipbuilding and Conver-sion, Navy, or for any other procurement ac-count, for any ship that is constructed in the CVN–78 class of aircraft carriers after CVN–79 may not exceed $12,000,000,000 (as adjusted pur-suant to subsection (b)).’’. SEC. 126. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF SOLE-SOURCE SHIPBUILDING CON-TRACTS FOR CERTAIN VESSELS. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘2017 or fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 127. CERTIFICATION OF THE ENHANCED MULTI MISSION PARACHUTE SYSTEM FOR THE UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a certification— (1) whether either the Marine Corps’ currently fielded multi mission parachute system or the Army’s RA–1 parachute system meet the Marine Corps requirements; (2) whether the Marine Corps’ PARIS, Special Application Parachute meets the Marine Corps requirement; (3) whether the testing plan for the enhanced multi mission parachute system meets all regu-latory requirements; and (4) whether the Department of the Navy has determined that a high glide canopy is as safe and effective as the currently fielded free fall parachute systems. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) an explanation for using the Parachute Industry Association specification for a military parachute given that sports parachutes are em-ployed from relatively slow flying civilian air-craft at altitudes below 10,000 feet; (2) a cost estimate for any new equipment and training that the Marine Corps will require in order to employ a high glide parachute; (3) justification of why the Department of the Navy is not conducting any testing until first article testing; and (4) an assessment of the risks associated with high glide canopies with a focus on how the De-partment of the Navy will mitigate the risk for malfunctions experienced in other high glide canopy programs. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 131. INVENTORY REQUIREMENT FOR AIR FORCE FIGHTER AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—Section 8062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) I
NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—(1) Effective October 1, 2017, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total aircraft inventory of fighter aircraft of not less than 1,970 aircraft, and a total primary mission aircraft inventory (combat-coded) of not less than 1,145 fighter air-craft. ‘‘(2) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘fighter aircraft’ means an air-craft that— ‘‘(i) is designated by a mission design series prefix of F– or A–; ‘‘(ii) is manned by one or two crewmembers; and ‘‘(iii) executes single-role or multi-role mis-sions, including air-to-air combat, air-to-ground attack, air interdiction, suppression or destruc-tion of enemy air defenses, close air support, strike control and reconnaissance, combat search and rescue support, or airborne forward air control. ‘‘(B) The term ‘primary mission aircraft in-ventory’ means aircraft assigned to meet the pri-mary aircraft authorization to a unit for the performance of its wartime mission.’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF AIRFORCE F
IGHTER AIRCRAFT .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided under subsection (d), the Secretary of the Air Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5900 September 25, 2017 
may not proceed with a decision to retire fighter aircraft in any number that would reduce the total number of such aircraft in the Air Force total active inventory (TAI) below 1,970, and shall maintain a minimum of 1,145 fighter air-craft designated as primary mission aircraft in-ventory (PMAI). (2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS ON RETIREMENT  
OF FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .—Except as provided under subsection (d), the Secretary of the Air Force may not retire fighter aircraft from the total active inventory as of the date of the en-actment of this Act until the later of the fol-lowing: (A) The date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report required under paragraph (3). (B) The date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that— (i) the retirement of such fighter aircraft will not increase the operational risk of meeting the National Defense Strategy; and (ii) the retirement of such aircraft will not re-duce the total fighter force structure below 1,970 fighter aircraft or the primary mission aircraft inventory below 1,145. (3) R
EPORT ON RETIREMENT OF AIRCRAFT .— The Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) The rationale for the retirement of existing fighter aircraft and an operational analysis of replacement fighter aircraft that demonstrates performance of the designated mission at an equal or greater level of effectiveness as the re-tiring aircraft. (B) An assessment of the implications for the Air Force, the Air National Guard, and the Air Force Reserve of the force mix ratio of fighter aircraft. (C) Such other matters relating to the retire-ment of fighter aircraft as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) R
EPORTS ON FIGHTER AIRCRAFT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under subsection (d), at least 90 days before the date on which a fighter aircraft is retired, the Sec-retary of the Air Force, in consultation with (where applicable) the Director of the Air Na-tional Guard or Chief of the Air Force Reserve, shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the proposed force structure and basing of fighter aircraft. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A list of each fighter aircraft proposed for retirement, including for each such aircraft— (i) the mission design series type; (ii) the variant; and (iii) the assigned unit and military installa-tion where such aircraft is based. (B) A list of each unit affected by a proposed retirement listed under subparagraph (A) and a description of how such unit is affected. (C) For each military installation and unit listed under subparagraph (A)(iii), a description of changes, if any, to the designed operational capability (DOC) statement of the unit as a re-sult of a proposed retirement. (D) A description of any anticipated changes in manpower authorizations as a result of a pro-posed retirement listed under subparagraph (A). (d) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN AIRCRAFT .—The requirements of subsections (b) and (c) do not apply to individual fighter aircraft that the Sec-retary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by- case basis, to be non-operational because of mis-haps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. (e) F
IGHTER AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘fighter aircraft’’ has the mean-ing given the term in subsection (i)(2)(A) of sec-tion 8062 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. SEC. 132. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW OF TOTAL FORCE INTEGRATION INITIA-TIVES FOR RESERVE COMPONENT RESCUE SQUADRONS. 
(a) C OMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than June 30, 2018, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall review the Air Force fielding plan for the HH–60 replacement programs and submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the plan. (b) B
RIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Comptroller General shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the plan. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The review received under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the HH–60 replacement programs, the following ele-ments: (1) A description of the National Commission on the Structure of the Air Force’s recommenda-tions regarding the use of concurrent and pro-portional fielding and how the Air Force ap-plied these principles in the fielding plan for the HH–60G replacement programs. (2) An evaluation of the Air Force’s fielding plan for the HH–60G replacement programs, in-cluding an assessment of the Air Force’s ration-ale for the plan, as well as the alternative field-ing plans considered by the Air Force. (3) An evaluation of the potential readiness impact of the Air Force’s fielding plan on active duty, National Guard, and Reserve units, in-cluding the ability to meet training, mainte-nance, and deployment requirements, as well as the implications for total force integration ini-tiatives should the fielding not be proportional. (d) HH–60G R
EPLACEMENT PROGRAMS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘HH–60G re-placement programs’’ means the HH–60G Ops Loss Replacement and HH–60W Combat Rescue Helicopter programs. 
SEC. 133. AUTHORITY TO INCREASE PRIMARY AIR-CRAFT AUTHORIZATION OF AIR FORCE AND AIR NATIONAL GUARD A–10 AIRCRAFT UNITS FOR PUR-POSES OF FACILITATING A–10 CON-VERSION. 
In the event that conversion of an A–10 air-craft unit is in the best interest of a long-term Air Force mission, the Secretary of the Air Force may increase the Primary Aircraft Authoriza-tion of Air Force Reserve or Air National Guard A–10 units to 24 aircraft to facilitate such con-version. 
SEC. 134. REQUIREMENT FOR CONTINUATION OF E–8 JSTARS RECAPITALIZATION PRO-GRAM. 
If the Secretary of the Air Force proposes in a budget request to cancel or modify the current E–8C JSTARS recapitalization program as pre-sented to Congress in May 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report at the same time as the Secretary of the Air Force makes such a request budget request. That report shall set forth the following: (1) The rationale and appropriate supporting analysis for the proposed cancellation or modi-fication. (2) An assessment of the implications of such cancellation or modification for the Air Force, Air National Guard, Army, Army National Guard, Navy and Marine Corps, and combatant commands’ mission needs. (3) A certification that such cancellation or modification of the previous recapitalization program plan would not result in an increased time during which there is a capability gap in providing Battlefield Management, Command and Control/Intelligence, Surveillance, and Re-connaissance (BMC2/ISR) to the combatant commanders. (4) Such other matters relating to the proposed cancellation or modification as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 135. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF E–8 JSTARS AIRCRAFT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON AVAILABLE OF FUNDS FOR  R
ETIREMENT .—Except as provided by subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the Air Force may be ob-ligated or expended to retire, or prepare to re-tire, any E–8 Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft. (b) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to individual Joint Surveil-lance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a case-by-case basis, to be non-operational be-cause of mishaps, other damage, or being uneco-nomical to repair. Subtitle E—Defense-wide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
SEC. 141. F–35 ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY CON-TRACTING AUTHORITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more contracts during fis-cal year 2018 for the procurement of economic order quantities of material and equipment that has completed formal hardware qualification testing for the F–35 aircraft for use in procure-ment contracts to be awarded during fiscal years 2019 and 2020. The total amount obligated under all contracts entered into under this sec-tion shall not exceed $661,000,000. (b) A
UTHORITY .—To the extent that funds are otherwise available for obligation, the Secretary may enter into economic order quantity con-tracts for purchases under this section whenever the Secretary finds each of the following: (1) That the use of such a contract will result in significant savings of the total anticipated costs of carrying out the program through an-nual contracts. (2) That the minimum need for the property to be purchased is expected to remain substantially unchanged during the contemplated contract period in terms of production rate, procurement rate, and total quantities. (3) That there is a reasonable expectation that throughout the contemplated contract period the Secretary will request funding for the con-tract at the level required to avoid contract can-cellation. (4) That there is a stable design for the prop-erty to be acquired and that the technical risks associated with such property are not excessive. (5) That the estimates of both the cost of the contract and the anticipated cost avoidance through the use of an economic order quantity contract are realistic. (6) That the use of such a contract will pro-mote the national security of the United States. (c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—A contract may not be entered into under this section un-less the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing, not later than 30 days before entry into the con-tract, that each of the following conditions is satisfied: (1) The Secretary has determined that each of the requirements in paragraphs (1) through (6) of subsection (b) will be met by such contract and has provided the basis for such determina-tion to the congressional defense committees. (2) Confirmation that the preliminary findings of the Secretary under paragraph (1) were made after the completion of a cost analysis performed by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation for the purpose of section 2334(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, and that the analysis supports those preliminary findings. (3) A sufficient number of end items of the system being acquired under such contract have been delivered at or within the most current es-timates of the program acquisition unit cost or procurement unit cost for such system to deter-mine that current estimates of such unit costs are realistic. (4) During the fiscal year in which such con-tract is to be awarded, sufficient funds will be available to perform the contract in such fiscal year, and the future-years defense program for such fiscal year will include the funding re-quired to execute the program without cancella-tion. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5901 September 25, 2017 
(5) The contract is a fixed price type contract. (6) The proposed contract provides for produc-tion at not less than minimum economic rates given the existing tooling and facilities. 
SEC. 142. AUTHORITY FOR EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL UNITS TO ACQUIRE NEW OR EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPABILITIES. 
The Secretary of Defense may provide Explo-sive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) units with the authority to acquire new or emerging EOD tech-nologies and capabilities that are not specifi-cally listed on the Table of Allowance (TOA) or Table of Equipment (TOE). TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. MECHANISMS FOR EXPEDITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TALENT AND EXPER-TISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) A RRANGEMENTS AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may establish one or more multi-institution task order contracts, consortia, cooperative agree-ments, or other arrangements to facilitate expe-dited access to university technical expertise, in-cluding faculty, staff, and students, in support of Department of Defense missions in the areas specified in subsection (e). (2) U
SE FOR TECHNICAL ANALYSES AND ENGI -
NEERING SUPPORT .—The Secretary may use an arrangement under paragraph (1) to fund tech-nical analyses and other engineering support as required to address acquisition and operational challenges, including support for classified pro-grams and activities. (3) P
ERFORMANCE BY DESIGNATED UNIVERSITY  
PERFORMER .—The Secretary shall ensure that work awarded through an arrangement under paragraph (1) is performed primarily by the des-ignated university performer. (b) L
IMITATION .—An arrangement established under subsection (a)(1) may not be used to fund research programs that can be executed through other Department of Defense basic research ac-tivities. (c) C
ONSULTATION WITHOTHER DEPARTMENT  
OFDEFENSE ACTIVITIES .—An arrangement es-tablished under subsection (a)(1) shall, to the degree practicable, be made in consultation with other Department of Defense activities, includ-ing federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs), university affiliated research centers (UARCs), and Defense laboratories and test centers, for purposes of providing technical expertise and reducing costs and duplicative ef-forts. (d) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—If the Sec-retary establishes one or more arrangements under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall es-tablish and implement policies and procedures to govern— (1) selection of participants in the arrange-ment or arrangements; (2) the awarding of task orders under the ar-rangement or arrangements; (3) maximum award size for tasks under the arrangement or arrangements; (4) the appropriate use of competitive awards and sole source awards under the arrangement or arrangements; and (5) technical areas under the arrangement or arrangements. (e) M
ISSION AREAS.—The areas specified in this subsection are as follows: (1) Cybersecurity. (2) Air and ground vehicles. (3) Shipbuilding. (4) Explosives detection and defeat. (5) Undersea warfare. (6) Trusted electronics. (7) Unmanned systems. (8) Directed energy. (9) Energy, power, and propulsion. (10) Management science and operations re-search. (11) Artificial intelligence. (12) Data analytics. (13) Business systems. (14) Technology transfer and transition. (15) Biological engineering and genetic en-hancement. (16) High performance computing. (17) Materials science and engineering. (18) Quantum information sciences. (19) Special operations activities. (20) Modeling and simulation. (21) Autonomous systems. (22) Model based engineering. (23) Such other areas as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (f) SUNSET .—The authorities under this sec-tion shall expire on September 30, 2020. (g) A
RRANGEMENTS ESTABLISHED UNDER SUB-
SECTION (A)(1) D EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘arrangement established under subsection (a)(1)’’ means a multi-institution task order con-tract, consortia, cooperative agreement, or other arrangement established under subsection (a)(1). 
SEC. 212. CODIFICATION AND ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR DEFENSE LABORATORIES FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2362 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2363. Mechanisms to provide funds for de-fense laboratories for research and develop-ment of technologies for military missions ‘‘(a) M
ECHANISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS.—(1) The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish mechanisms under which the di-rector of a defense laboratory may use an amount of funds equal to not less than two per-cent and not more than four percent of all funds available to the defense laboratory for the fol-lowing purposes: ‘‘(A) To fund innovative basic and applied re-search that is conducted at the defense labora-tory and supports military missions. ‘‘(B) To fund development programs that sup-port the transition of technologies developed by the defense laboratory into operational use. ‘‘(C) To fund workforce development activities that improve the capacity of the defense labora-tory to recruit and retain personnel with nec-essary scientific and engineering expertise that support military missions. ‘‘(D) To fund the revitalization recapitaliza-tion, or minor military construction of the lab-oratory infrastructure and equipment, in ac-cordance with subsection (b). ‘‘(2) The mechanisms established under para-graph (1) shall provide that funding shall be used under paragraph (1) at the discretion of the director of a defense laboratory in consulta-tion with the science and technology executive of the military department concerned. ‘‘(3) After consultation with the science and technology executive of the military department concerned, the director of a defense laboratory may charge customer activities a fixed percent-age fee, in addition to normal costs of perform-ance, in order to obtain funds to carry out ac-tivities authorized by this subsection. The fixed fee may not exceed four percent of costs. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROJECTS .—(1) Subject to the provisions of this subsection, funds available under a mecha-nism under subsection (a)(1)(D) that are solely intended to carry out a laboratory infrastruc-ture project shall be available for such project until expended. ‘‘(2) Funds shall be available in accordance with paragraph (1) for a project referred to in such paragraph only if the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the total cost of the project before the date on which the Secretary uses a mechanism under subsection (a)(1)(D) for such project. ‘‘(3) Funds may accumulate under a mecha-nism under subsection (a) for a project referred to in paragraph (1) for not more than five years. ‘‘(4) The Secretary shall ensure that a project referred to in paragraph (1) for which funds are made available in accordance with such para-graph complies with the applicable cost limita-tions in the following provisions of law: ‘‘(A) Section 2805(d) of this title, with respect to revitalization and recapitalization projects. ‘‘(B) Section 2811 of this title, with respect to repair projects. ‘‘(C) Section 2802 of this title, with respect to construction projects that exceed the cost speci-fied in subsection (a)(2) of section 2805 of this title for certain unspecified minor military con-struction projects for laboratories. ‘‘(c) ANNUAL REPORT ON USE OF AUTHORITY .— Not later than March 1 of each year, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the use of the authority under subsection (a) during the preceding year.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2362 the following new item: ‘‘2363. Mechanisms to provide funds for defense laboratories for research and de-velopment of technologies for mili-tary missions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note), is hereby repealed. (2) Section 2805(d)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under sec-tion 219(a) of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2363(a) of this title’’. 
SEC. 213. MODIFICATION OF LABORATORY QUAL-ITY ENHANCEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the semi-colon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) new interpretations of existing statutes and regulations that would enhance the ability of a director of a science and technology re-invention laboratory to manage the facility and discharge the mission of the laboratory;’’; (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) Each panel described in paragraph (1), (2), or (3) of subsection (b) shall submit to the panel described in paragraph (4) of such subsection (relating to governance and oversight processes) the following: ‘‘(i) The findings of the panel with respect to the review conducted by the panel under sub-section (a)(1)(C). ‘‘(ii) The recommendations made by the panel under such subsection. ‘‘(iii) Such comments, findings, and rec-ommendations as the panel may have received by a science and technology reinvention labora-tory with respect to— ‘‘(I) the review conducted by the panel under such subsection; or ‘‘(II) recommendations made by the panel under such subsection. ‘‘(B)(i) The panel described in subsection (b)(4) shall review and refashion such rec-ommendations as the panel may receive under subparagraph (A). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5902 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(ii) In reviewing and refashioning rec-ommendations under clause (i), the panel may, as the panel considers appropriate, consult with the science and technology executive of the af-fected service. ‘‘(C) The panel described in subsection (b)(4) shall submit to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering the recommenda-tions made by the panel under subsection (a)(1)(C) and the recommendations refashioned by the panel under subparagraph (B) of this paragraph.’’; (3) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsection (f) and (g), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) I
NTERPRETATION OF PROVISIONS OF  L
AW.—(1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, acting under the guidance of the Secretary, shall issue regula-tions regarding the meaning, scope, implementa-tion, and applicability of any provision of a statute relating to a science and technology re-invention laboratory. ‘‘(2) In interpreting or defining under para-graph (1), the Under Secretary shall, to the de-gree practicable, emphasize providing the max-imum operational flexibility to the directors of the science and technology reinvention labora-tories to discharge the missions of their labora-tories. ‘‘(3) In interpreting or defining under para-graph (1), the Under Secretary shall seek rec-ommendations from the panel described in sub-section (b)(4).’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—(1) Subsections (a), (c)(1)(C), and (d)(2) of such section are amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Sec-retary’’. (2) Subparagraph (C) of section 342(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337), as amended by section 211(f) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as redesignated by subsection (a)(3) of this section, is amended by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary’’. 
SEC. 214. PRIZES FOR ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ACHIEVEMENTS. 
Section 2374a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘in recogni-tion of’’ and inserting ‘‘and other types of prizes that the Secretary determines are appropriate to recognize’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘cash’’ both places it appears; (3) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking ‘‘and from State and local gov-ernments’’ and inserting ‘‘, from State and local governments, and from the private sector’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary may not give any special consider-ation to any private sector entity in return for a donation.’’; and (4) by amending subsection (f) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(f) U
SE OF PRIZE AUTHORITY .—Use of prize authority under this section shall be considered the use of competitive procedures for the pur-poses of section 2304 of this title.’’. 
SEC. 215. EXPANSION OF DEFINITION OF COM-PETITIVE PROCEDURES TO INCLUDE COMPETITIVE SELECTION FOR AWARD OF RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT PROPOSALS. 
Section 2302(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘basic research’’ and inserting ‘‘research and development’’. 
SEC. 216. INCLUSION OF MODELING AND SIMULA-TION IN TEST AND EVALUATION AC-TIVITIES FOR PURPOSES OF PLAN-NING AND BUDGET CERTIFICATION. 
Section 196 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(1), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, including modeling and simula-tion capabilities’’ after ‘‘and resources’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(1), by inserting ‘‘, includ-ing modeling and simulation activities,’’ after ‘‘evaluation activities’’. SEC. 217. DIFFERENTIATION OF RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES FROM SERVICE ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purposes of activi-ties and programs carried out by the Depart-ment of Defense, research and development ac-tivities, including activities under the Small Business Innovation Research Program (SBIR) or the Small Business Technology Transfer Pro-gram (STTR), shall be considered as separate and distinct from contract service activities. (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall issue updated guidance to carry out this section. (c) D
EFINITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section: (A) The term ‘‘advisory and assistance serv-ice’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1105(g)(2) of title 31, United States Code. (B) The term ‘‘research and development ac-tivities’’— (i) means— (I) creative work undertaken on a systematic basis in order to increase the stock of knowl-edge, including the knowledge of man, culture, and society; and (II) the use of the stock of knowledge de-scribed in subparagraph (A) to devise new appli-cations; and (ii) includes activities described in section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638). (C) The term ‘‘contract service activities’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘contract services’’ in section 2330(c) of title 10, United States Code. (D) The terms ‘‘Small Business Innovation Re-search Program’’ and ‘‘Small Business Tech-nology Transfer Program’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 9(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)). (2) D
EFINITION OF SERVICES FOR PURPOSES OF  
REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO TRACKING OF PUR -
CHASES OF SERVICES .—Section 2330a(h) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) S
ERVICES .—The term ‘services’ has the meaning given the term ‘contract services’ in section 2330(c) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 218. DESIGNATION OF ADDITIONAL DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY REINVENTION LAB-ORATORIES. 
Section 1105(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(20) The Air Force Office of Scientific Re-search. ‘‘(21) The 711th Human Performance Wing of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(22) The Air Vehicles Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(23) The Directed Energy Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(24) The Information Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(25) The Materials and Manufacturing Di-rectorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(26) The Munitions Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(27) The Propulsion Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(28) The Sensors Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(29) The Space Vehicles Directorate of the Air Force Research Laboratory. ‘‘(30) The Naval Facilities Engineering and Expeditionary Warfare Center.’’. 
SEC. 219. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DIRECTED ENERGY WEAPON SYSTEM PROTO-TYPING AND DEMONSTRATION PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense, acting through the Under Secretary, shall establish a program on the prototyping and demonstration of directed energy weapon sys-tems to build and maintain the military superi-ority of the United States by— (1) accelerating the fielding of directed energy weapon systems that would help counter tech-nological advantages of potential adversaries of the United States; and (2) supporting the military departments, the combatant commanders, the United States Spe-cial Operations Command, and the Missile De-fense Agency in developing prototypes and dem-onstrating operational utility of high energy la-sers and high powered microwave weapon sys-tems. (b) GUIDELINES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall issue guidelines for the oper-ation of the program established under sub-section (a), including— (A) criteria for an application for funding by a military department, defense agency, or a combatant command; (B) the priorities, if any, to be provided to field directed energy weapon system tech-nologies developed by research funding of the Department or industry; and (C) criteria for evaluation of an application for funding or changes to policies or acquisition and business practices by such a department, agency, or command for purposes of improving the effectiveness and efficiency of the Program. (2) L
IMITATION .—Funding for a military de-partment, defense agency, or combatant com-mand under the program established under sub-section (a) may only be available for advanced technology development, prototyping, and dem-onstrations in which the Department of Defense maintains management of the technical baseline and a primary emphasis on technology transi-tion and evaluating military utility to enhance the likelihood that the particular directed en-ergy weapon system will meet the Department end user’s need. (c) A
PPLICATIONS FOR FUNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Under Secretary shall solicit from the heads of the military departments, the defense agencies, and the combatant commands applications for funding under the program es-tablished under subsection (a) to be used to enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, or other transaction agreements entered into pur-suant to section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, with appropriate entities for the fielding or commercialization of technologies. (2) T
REATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN CON -
GRESSIONAL RULES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under the program to any congressional earmark as defined pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives or any congressionally directed spending item as de-fined pursuant to paragraph 5 of rule XLIV of the Standing Rules of the Senate. (d) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2) and subject to the availability of ap-propriations for such purpose, of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2018 for re-search, development, test, and evaluation, de-fense-wide, $200,000,000 shall be available to the Under Secretary to allocate to the military de-partments, the defense agencies, and the com-batant commands to carry out the program es-tablished under subsection (a). (2) L
IMITATION .—Not more than half of the amounts made available under paragraph (1) may be allocated as described in such paragraph until the Under Secretary— (A) develops the strategic plan required by section 219(a)(2)(A) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note); and (B) submits such strategic plan to the congres-sional defense committees. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5903 September 25, 2017 
(e) D ESIGNATION OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DE-
FENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING AS THE  O
FFICIAL WITHPRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITY FOR  D
EVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION OF DI-
RECTED ENERGY WEAPONS .—Section 219(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall serve’’. (f) U
NDER SECRETARY DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Under Secretary’’ means the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering in the Under Secretary’s capacity as the official with principal responsibility for the development and demonstration of directed energy weapons pursuant to section 219(a)(1) of such Act (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note), as amended by subsection (e). 
SEC. 220. AUTHORITY FOR THE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RE-SEARCH AND ENGINEERING TO PRO-MOTE INNOVATION IN THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish pro-cedures under which the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering may request a time-limited review and if necessary require coordination on and modification of proposed directives, rules, regulations, and other policies that in Under Secretary’s view would adversely affect the ability of the innovation, research, and engineering enterprise of the Department of Defense to effectively and efficiently execute its missions, including policies and practices con-cerning the following: (1) Personnel and talent management. (2) Financial management and budgeting. (3) Infrastructure, installations, and military construction. (4) Acquisition. (5) Management. (6) Such other areas as the Secretary may des-ignate. 
SEC. 221. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW-ON MODERNIZA-TION. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 or any other fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be obligated for F–35 Joint Strike Fighter Follow-On Moderniza-tion until the Secretary of Defense provides the final report required under section 224(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). 
SEC. 222. IMPROVEMENT OF UPDATE PROCESS FOR POPULATING MISSION DATA FILES USED IN ADVANCED COMBAT AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I MPROVEMENTS TOUPDATE PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall take such actions as may be necessary to improve the process used to update the mission data files used in advanced combat aircraft of the United States so that such updates can occur more quickly. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—In improving the process under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure the following: (A) That under such process, updates to the mission data files are developed, operationally tested, and loaded onto systems of advanced combat aircraft while in theaters of operation in a time-sensitive manner to allow for the distin-guishing of threats, including distinguishing friends from foes, loading and delivery of weap-on suites, and coordination with allied and coa-lition armed forces. (B) When updates are made to the mission data files, all areas of responsibility (AoRs) are included. (C) The process includes best practices relat-ing to such mission data files that have been identified by industry and allies of the United States. (D) The process improves the exchange of in-formation between weapons systems of the United States and weapon systems of allies and partners of the United States, with respect to such mission data files. (b) CONSULTATION AND PILOT PROGRAMS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult the innovation organizations resident in the Department of Defense and may consider carrying out a pilot program under another pro-vision of this Act. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than March 31, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions taken by the Secretary under subsection (a)(1) and how the process described in such subsection has been improved. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 231. COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION PLAN FOR LOW PROBABILITY OF DETECTION DATA LINK NETWORKS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force, develop a plan to procure a secure, low probability of detection data link network capability with the ability to effectively operate in hostile jamming environments while pre-serving the low observable characteristics of the relevant platforms, between existing and planned— (1) fifth-generation combat aircraft; (2) fifth-generation and fourth-generation combat aircraft; (3) fifth-generation and fourth-generation combat aircraft and appropriate support air-craft and other network nodes for command, control, communications, intelligence, surveil-lance, and reconnaissance purposes; and (4) fifth-generation and fourth-generation combat aircraft and their associated network- enabled precision weapons. (b) A
DDITIONAL PLAN REQUIREMENTS .—The plan required by subsection (a) shall include— (1) nonproprietary and open systems ap-proaches compatible with the Rapid Capabilities Office Open Mission Systems initiative of the Air Force and the Future Airborne Capability Environment initiative of the Navy; (2) a competitive acquisition process, to in-clude comparative flight demonstrations in real-istic airborne environments; and (3) low risk and affordable solutions with minimal impact or changes to existing host plat-forms, and minimal overall integration costs. (c) B
RIEFING .—Not later than February 15, 2018, the Under Secretary and the Vice Chair-man shall provide to the congressional defense committees written documentation and briefing on the plan developed under subsection (a). (d) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 for operations and maintenance for the Office of the Secretary of Defense and the Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Under Secretary and Vice Chairman submits to the congressional defense committees the plan required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 232. CLARIFICATION OF SELECTION DATES FOR PILOT PROGRAM FOR THE EN-HANCEMENT OF THE RESEARCH, DE-VELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUA-TION CENTERS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 233 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘the enact-ment of this Act’’ both places it appears and in-serting ‘‘such submittal’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘propose and implement’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to the Assistant Secretary concerned a proposal on, and implement,’’. SEC. 233. REQUIREMENT FOR A PLAN TO BUILD A PROTOTYPE FOR A NEW GROUND COMBAT VEHICLE FOR THE ARMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Army shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a plan to build a pro-totype for a new ground combat vehicle for the Army. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of how the Secretary intends to exploit the latest enabling component tech-nologies that have the potential to dramatically change basic combat vehicle design and improve lethality, protection, mobility, range, and sustainment, including an analysis of capabili-ties of the most advanced foreign ground combat vehicles and whether any have characteristics that should inform the development of the Army’s prototype vehicle, including whether any United States allies or partners have ad-vanced capabilities that could be directly incor-porated in the prototype. (2) The schedule, cost, key milestones, and leadership plan to rapidly design and build the prototype ground combat vehicle. 
SEC. 234. PLAN FOR SUCCESSFULLY FIELDING THE INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE BATTLE COMMAND SYS-TEM. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a plan to success-fully field a suitable, survivable, and effective Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Com-mand System program. (b) L
IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated by this Act for research, development, test, and evaluation may be obli-gated by the Secretary of the Army for the Army Integrated Air and Missile Defense and the In-tegrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Com-mand System until the date on which the plan is submitted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 235. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON HYPERSONIC WEAPONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States has gained a thorough understanding of hypersonic technology over the course of seven decades of experimentation. (2) The requirements for technological break-throughs in hypersonics have largely been es-tablished, allowing pursuit of hypersonic glide weapons without a prohibitive budget effect. (3) The Department of Defense has several hypersonic research and development efforts un-derway, including conventional prompt global strike (CPS) weapons system, the Hypersonic Air-Breathing Weapon Concept, and the Tac-tical Boost Glide program. (4) In testimony before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate on April 4, 2017, the Commander of United States Strategic Com-mand, General John Hyten, identified the con-ventional prompt global strike weapons system as the ‘‘leading technology maturation effort in the realm of hypersonics’’ and stated that his command sees ‘‘an operational need for a CPS capabilities by the mid-2020s.’’. (5) Hypersonic weapons present a radical change in warfare, because they can circumvent many of the challenges associated with con-tested warfare and integrated air defenses. (6) Hypersonic weapons may provide solutions to difficult problem sets, such as anti-access area denial schemes, deeply buried or hardened target sets, and mobile high value target sets. (7) Other countries are aggressively pursuing hypersonic weapons at an alarming rate that threaten to outpace the United States if the United States does not more aggressively pursue development of hypersonic weapons. (8) The Air Force has a $10,000,000 require-ment on the Unfunded Priority List for hypersonic prototyping. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5904 September 25, 2017 
(b) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Department of Defense should expedite testing, evaluation, and acquisition of hypersonic weapon systems to meet the stated needs of the warfighter; (2) testing of such weapon systems should in-clude flight testing, ground based testing, and underwater launch testing; (3) the Department of Defense should adhere to the requirement in section 1688 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to proceed to a Milestone A decision on the conventional prompt global strike weapons system not later than September 30, 2020, or the date that is 240 days after the successful completion of inter-mediate range flight 2 of such system; (4) the United States cannot afford to lose its advantage over foreign countries in developing hypersonic weapons; and (5) the Department of Defense should focus on the next generation of weapon systems, includ-ing third offset technologies, such as hypersonics. 
SEC. 236. IMPORTANCE OF HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY-SERVING INSTITUTIONS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and minority-serving institutions play a vital role in educating low-income and under-represented students in areas of national need; (2) HBCUs and minority-serving institutions presently are collaborating with the Department of Defense in research and development efforts that contribute to the defense readiness and na-tional security of the Nation; (3) by their research these institutions are helping to develop the next generation of sci-entists and engineers who will help lead the De-partment of Defense in addressing high-priority national security challenges; and (4) it is important to further engage HBCUs and minority-serving institutions in university research and innovation, especially in prioritizing software development and cyber se-curity by utilizing existing Department of De-fense labs, and collaborating with existing pro-grams that help attract candidates, including programs like the Air Force Minority Leaders Programs, which recruit Americans from diverse background to serve their country through serv-ice in our Nation’s military. (b) I
NCREASE .—Funds authorized to be appro-priated in Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, Defense-wide, PE 61228D8Z, section 4201, for Basic Research, Historically Black Col-leges and Universities/Minority Institutions, Line 006, are hereby increased by $12,000,000. (c) O
FFSET .—Funding in section 4101 for Other Procurement, Army, for Automated Data Processing Equipment, Line 108, is hereby re-duced by $12,000,000. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301. Subtitle B—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 311. SENTINEL LANDSCAPES PARTNERSHIP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of De-fense, in coordination with the Secretary of Ag-riculture and the Secretary of the Interior, may establish and carry out a program to preserve sentinel landscapes. The program shall be known as the ‘‘Sentinel Landscapes Partner-ship’’. (b) D
ESIGNATION OF SENTINEL LANDSCAPES .— The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior, may, as the Secretary determines appropriate, collectively designate one or more sentinel landscapes. (c) COORDINATION OF ACTIVITIES .—The Secre-taries may coordinate actions between their de-partments and with other agencies and private organizations to more efficiently work together for the mutual benefit of conservation, working lands, and national defense, and to encourage private landowners to engage in voluntary land management and conservation activities that contribute to the sustainment of military instal-lations, ranges, and airspace. (d) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of the Interior may give to any eligible landowner or agricul-tural producer within a designated sentinel landscape priority consideration for participa-tion in any easement, grant, or assistance pro-grams administered by that Secretary’s depart-ment. Participation in any such program pursu-ant to this section shall be voluntary. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) M
ILITARY INSTALLATION .—The term ‘‘mili-tary installation’’ has the same meaning as pro-vided in section 670(1) of title 16, United States Code. (2) S
TATE-OWNED NATIONAL GUARD INSTALLA -
TION.—The term ‘‘State-owned National Guard installation’’ has the same meaning as provided in section 670(3) of title 16, United States Code. (3) S
ENTINEL LANDSCAPE .—The term ‘‘sentinel landscape’’ means a landscape-scale area en-compassing— (A) one or more military installations or state- owned National Guard installations and associ-ated airspace; and (B) the working or natural lands that serve to protect and support the rural economy, the nat-ural environment, outdoor recreation, and the national defense test and training missions of the military- or State-owned National Guard in-stallation or installations. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 312(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 729; 10 U.S.C. 2684a note) is repealed. 
SEC. 312. INCREASED PERCENTAGE OF SUSTAINMENT FUNDS AUTHORIZED FOR REALIGNMENT TO RESTORA-TION AND MODERNIZATION AT EACH INSTALLATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may authorize an installation commander to re-align up to 7.5 percent of an installation’s sustainment funds to restoration and mod-ernization. (b) S
UNSET .—The authority under subsection (a) shall expire at the close of September 30, 2022. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—The terms ‘‘sustainment’’, ‘‘restoration’’, and ‘‘modernization’’ have the meanings given the terms in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation. Subtitle C—Reports 
SEC. 321. PLAN FOR MODERNIZED, DEDICATED DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY ADVER-SARY AIR TRAINING ENTERPRISE. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Chief of Naval Op-erations and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall develop a plan— (1) to establish a modernized, dedicated adver-sary air training enterprise for the Department of the Navy in order to— (A) maximize warfighting effectiveness and synergies of the current and planned fourth and fifth generation combat air forces through opti-mized training and readiness; and (B) harness intelligence analysis, emerging live-virtual-constructive training technologies, range infrastructure improvements, and results of experimentation and prototyping efforts in operational concept development; (2) to explore all available opportunities to challenge the combat air forces of the Depart-ment of the Navy with threat representative ad-versary-to-friendly aircraft ratios, known and emerging adversary tactics, and high-fidelity replication of threat airborne and ground capa-bilities; and (3) to execute all means available to achieve training and readiness goals and objectives of the Navy and Marine Corps with demonstrated institutional commitment to the adversary air training enterprise through the application of Department of the Navy policy and resources, partnering with the other Armed Forces, allies, and friends, and employing the use of industry contracted services. (b) PLANELEMENTS .—The plan required under subsection (a) shall include enterprise goals, ob-jectives, concepts of operations, phased imple-mentation timelines, analysis of expected readi-ness improvements, prioritized resource require-ments, and such other matters as the Chief of Naval Operations and Commandant of the Ma-rine Corps consider appropriate. (c) S
UBMITTAL OF PLAN AND BRIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Chief of Naval Op-erations and Commandant of the Marine Corps shall provide to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a written plan and briefing on the plan re-quired under subsection (a). Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 331. DEFENSE SITING CLEARINGHOUSE. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .—Chapter 7 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 183 the following new section: ‘‘§ 183a. Defense Siting Clearinghouse for re-view of mission obstructions ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a Defense Siting Clear-inghouse (in this section referred to as the ‘Clearinghouse’). ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall be— ‘‘(A) organized under the authority, direction, and control of an Assistant Secretary of Defense designated by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) assigned such personnel and resources as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out this section. ‘‘(b) F
UNCTIONS .—(1) The Clearinghouse shall coordinate Department of Defense review of ap-plications for energy projects filed with the Sec-retary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 and received by the Department of Defense from the Secretary of Transportation. ‘‘(2) The Clearinghouse shall accelerate the development of planning tools necessary to de-termine the acceptability to the Department of Defense of proposals included in an application for an energy project submitted pursuant to such section. ‘‘(3) The Clearinghouse shall perform such other functions as the Secretary of Defense as-signs. ‘‘(c) R
EVIEW OF PROPOSED ACTIONS .—(1) Not later than 30 days after receiving from the Sec-retary of Transportation a proper application for an energy project under section 44718 of title 49 that may have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness, the Clearinghouse shall conduct a preliminary review of such ap-plication. The review shall— ‘‘(A) assess the likely scope, duration, and level of risk of any adverse impact of such en-ergy project on military operations and readi-ness; and ‘‘(B) identify any feasible and affordable ac-tions that could be taken by the Department, the developer of such energy project, or others to mitigate the adverse impact and to minimize risks to national security while allowing the en-ergy project to proceed with development. ‘‘(2) If the Clearinghouse determines under paragraph (1) that an energy project will have an adverse impact on military operations and readiness, the Clearinghouse shall issue to the applicant a notice of presumed risk that de-scribes the concerns identified by the Depart-ment in the preliminary review and requests a discussion of possible mitigation actions. ‘‘(3) At the same time that the Clearinghouse issues to the applicant a notice of presumed risk 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5905 September 25, 2017 
under paragraph (2), the Clearinghouse shall provide the same notice to the governor of the State in which the project is located and request that the governor provide the Clearinghouse any comments the governor believes of relevance to the application. The Secretary of Defense shall consider the comments of the governor in the Secretary’s evaluation of whether the project presents an unacceptable risk to the na-tional security of the United States and shall in-clude the comments with the determination pro-vided to the Secretary of Transportation pursu-ant to section 44718(f) of title 49. ‘‘(4) The Clearinghouse shall develop, in co-ordination with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government, an integrated review process to ensure timely notification and consid-eration of energy projects filed with the Sec-retary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 that may have an adverse im-pact on military operations and readiness. ‘‘(5) The Clearinghouse shall establish proce-dures for the Department of Defense for the co-ordinated consideration of and response to a re-quest for a review received from another Federal agency, a State government, an Indian tribal government, a local government, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project, including guidance to personnel at each military installa-tion in the United States on how to initiate such procedures and ensure a coordinated Depart-ment response. ‘‘(6) The Clearinghouse shall develop proce-dures for conducting early outreach to parties carrying out energy projects that could have an adverse impact on military operations and read-iness and to clearly communicate to such parties actions being taken by the Department of De-fense under this section. The procedures shall provide for filing by such parties of a project area and preliminary project layout at least one year before expected construction of any project proposed within a military training route or within line-of-sight of any air route surveillance radar or airport surveillance radar operated or used by the Department of Defense in order to provide adequate time for analysis and negotia-tion of mitigation options. Material marked as proprietary or competition sensitive by a party filing for this preliminary review shall be pro-tected from public release by the Department of Defense. ‘‘(d) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .—(1) The Sec-retary of Defense shall develop a comprehensive strategy for addressing the military impacts of projects filed with the Secretary of Transpor-tation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49. ‘‘(2) In developing the strategy required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) assess of the magnitude of interference posed by projects filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49; ‘‘(B) for the purpose of informing preliminary reviews under subsection (c)(1) and early out-reach efforts under subsection (c)(5), identify geographic areas selected as proposed locations for projects filed, or which may be filed in the future, with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49 where such projects could have an adverse impact on mili-tary operations and readiness and categorize the risk of adverse impact in such areas; and ‘‘(C) specifically identify feasible and afford-able long-term actions that may be taken to mitigate adverse impacts of projects filed, or which may be filed in the future, with the Sec-retary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49, on military operations and readiness, including— ‘‘(i) investment priorities of the Department of Defense with respect to research and develop-ment; ‘‘(ii) modifications to military operations to accommodate applications for such projects; ‘‘(iii) recommended upgrades or modifications to existing systems or procedures by the Depart-ment of Defense; ‘‘(iv) acquisition of new systems by the De-partment and other departments and agencies of the Federal Government and timelines for field-ing such new systems; and ‘‘(v) modifications to the projects for which such applications are filed, including changes in size, location, or technology. ‘‘(e) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DETERMINA -
TION OF UNACCEPTABLE RISK.—(1) The Secretary of Defense may not object to an energy project filed with the Secretary of Transportation pur-suant to section 44718 of title 49, except in a case in which the Secretary of Defense determines, after giving full consideration to mitigation ac-tions identified pursuant to this section, that such project, in isolation or cumulatively with other projects, would result in an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. Such a determination shall constitute a finding pursuant to section 44718(f) of title 49. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 30 days after making a determination of unacceptable risk under para-graph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on such determination and the basis for such determination. Such report shall include an ex-planation of the operational impact that led to the determination, a discussion of the mitigation options considered, and an explanation of why the mitigation options were not feasible or did not resolve the conflict. The Secretary of De-fense may provide public notice through the Federal Register of the determination. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of Defense shall notify the appropriate State agency of a determination made under paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense may only dele-gate the responsibility for making a determina-tion of unacceptable risk under paragraph (1) to the Deputy Secretary of Defense, an under sec-retary of defense, or a deputy under secretary of defense. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORITY TO ACCEPT CONTRIBUTIONS OF  F
UNDS.—The Secretary of Defense is authorized to request and accept a voluntary contribution of funds from an applicant for a project filed with the Secretary of Transportation pursuant to section 44718 of title 49. Amounts so accepted shall remain available until expended for the purpose of offsetting the cost of measures under-taken by the Secretary of Defense to mitigate adverse impacts of such a project on military op-erations and readiness or to conduct studies of potential measures to mitigate such impacts. ‘‘(g) E
FFECT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  H
AZARD ASSESSMENT .—An action taken pursu-ant to this section shall not be considered to be a substitute for any assessment or determination required of the Secretary of Transportation under section 44718 of title 49. ‘‘(h) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect or limit the applica-tion of, or any obligation to comply with, any environmental law, including the National En-vironmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘adverse impact on military op-erations and readiness’ means any adverse im-pact upon military operations and readiness, in-cluding flight operations, research, develop-ment, testing, and evaluation, and training, that is demonstrable and is likely to impair or degrade the ability of the armed forces to per-form their warfighting missions. ‘‘(2) The term ‘energy project’ means a project that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. ‘‘(3) The term ‘landowner’ means a person that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located. ‘‘(4) The term ‘military installation’ has the meaning given that term in section 2801(c)(4) of this title. ‘‘(5) The term ‘military readiness’ includes any training or operation that could be related to combat readiness, including testing and eval-uation activities. ‘‘(6) The term ‘military training route’ means a training route developed as part of the Mili-tary Training Route Program, carried out joint-ly by the Federal Aviation Administration and the Secretary of Defense, for use by the armed forces for the purpose of conducting low-alti-tude, high-speed military training. ‘‘(7) The term ‘unacceptable risk to the na-tional security of the United States’ means the construction, alteration, establishment, or ex-pansion, or the proposed construction, alter-ation, establishment, or expansion, of a struc-ture or sanitary landfill that would— ‘‘(A) significantly endanger safety in air com-merce, related to the activities of the Depart-ment of Defense; ‘‘(B) significantly interfere with the efficient use and preservation of the navigable airspace and of airport traffic capacity at public-use air-ports, related to the activities of the Department of Defense; or ‘‘(C) significantly impair or degrade the capa-bility of the Department of Defense to conduct training, research, development, testing, and evaluation, and operations or to maintain mili-tary readiness.’’. (b) CONFORMING AND CLERICAL AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) R
EPEAL OF EXISTING PROVISION .—Section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is repealed. (2) C
ROSS-REFERENCE IN TITLE 49 , UNITED  
STATES CODE .—Section 44718(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘and in accordance with section 183a(e) of title 10’’ after ‘‘conducted under subsection (b)’’. (3) R
EFERENCE TO REGULATIONS .—Section 44718(g) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘211.3 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on January 6, 2014’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘183a(i) of title 10’’. (4) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 7 of title 10 is amended by inserting after the item re-lating to section 183 the following new item: ‘‘183a. Defense Siting Clearinghouse for review of mission obstructions.’’. (c) A
PPLICABILITY OF EXISTING RULES AND  R
EGULATIONS .—Notwithstanding the amend-ments made by subsection (a), any rule or regu-lation promulgated to carry out section 358 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (49 U.S.C. 44718 note), that is in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act shall continue in effect and apply to the extent such rule or regulation is consistent with the authority under section 183a of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), until such rule or regulation is otherwise amended or repealed. 
SEC. 332. TEMPORARY INSTALLATION REUTILIZA-TION AUTHORITY FOR ARSENALS, DEPOTS, AND PLANTS. 
(a) M ODIFIED AUTHORITY .—In the case of a military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant, the Secretary of the Army may authorize leases and contracts under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, for a term of up to 25 years, notwithstanding subsection (b)(1) of such sec-tion, if the Secretary determines that a lease or contract of that duration will promote the na-tional defense for the purpose of— (1) helping to maintain the viability of the military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant and any military installations on which it is lo-cated; (2) eliminating, or at least reducing, the cost of Government ownership of the military manu-facturing arsenal, depot, or plant, including the costs of operations and maintenance, the costs of environmental remediation, and other costs; and (3) leveraging private investment at the mili-tary manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant through long-term facility use contracts, prop-erty management contracts, leases, or other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5906 September 25, 2017 
agreements that support and advance the pre-ceding purposes. (b) D
ELEGATION AND REVIEW PROCESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army may delegate the authority provided by this sec-tion to the commander of the major subordinate command of the Army that has responsibility for the military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant or, if part of a larger military installation, the installation as a whole. The commander may approve a lease or contract under such author-ity on a case-by-case basis or a class basis. (2) N
OTICE OF APPROVAL .—Upon any approval of a lease or contract by a commander pursuant to a delegation of authority under paragraph (1), the commander shall notify the Army real property manager and Congress of the approval. (3) R
EVIEW PERIOD .—Any lease or contract that is approved utilizing the delegation author-ity under paragraph (1) is subject to a 90-day hold period so that the Army real property man-ager may review the lease or contract pursuant to paragraph (4). (4) D
ISPOSITION OF REVIEW .—If the Army real property manager disapproves of a contract or lease submitted for review under paragraph (3), the agreement shall be null and void upon transmittal by the real property manager to the delegating authority of a written disapproval, including a justification for such disapproval, within the 90-day hold period. If no such dis-approval is transmitted within the 90-day hold period, the agreement shall be deemed approved. (5) A
PPROVAL OF REVISED AGREEMENT .—If, not later than 60 days after receiving a disapproval under paragraph (4), the delegating authority submits to the Army real property manager a new contract or lease that addresses the con-cerns of the Army real property manager out-lined in such disapproval, the new contract or lease shall be deemed approved unless the Army real property manager transmits to the dele-gating authority a disapproval of the new con-tract or lease within 30 days of such submission. (c) M
ILITARY MANUFACTURING ARSENAL , D
EPOT, ORPLANT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military manufacturing arsenal, depot, or plant’’ means a Government-owned, Govern-ment-operated defense plant of the Army that manufactures weapons, weapon components, or both. (d) S
UNSET .—The authority under this section shall terminate at the close of September 30, 2020. Any contracts entered into on or before such date shall continue in effect according to their terms. 
SEC. 333. PILOT PROGRAM FOR OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE BUDGET PRESEN-TATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Along with the budget for fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021 submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives an annex for the following Operation and Maintenance sub-activity groups (SAG): (1) For the Army: (A) SAG 111 – Maneuver Units. (B) SAG 123 – Land Forces Depot Mainte-nance. (C) SAG 131 – Base Operations Support. (D) SAG 322 – Flight Training. (2) For the Navy: (A) SAG 1A5A – Aircraft Depot Maintenance. (B) SAG 1B1B – Mission and Other Ship Oper-ations. (C) SAG 1B4B – Ship Depot Maintenance. (D) SAG BSS1 – Base Operating Support. (3) For the Marine Corps: (A) SAG 1A1A – Operational Forces. (B) SAG 1A3A – Depot Maintenance. (C) SAG 1B1B – Field Logistics. (D) SAG BSS1 – Base Operating Support. (4) For the Air Force: (A) SAG 011A – Primary Combat Forces. (B) SAG 011Y – Flying Hour Program. (C) SAG 011Z – Base Support. (D) SAG 021M – Depot Maintenance. (b) ELEMENTS .—The annex required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A summary by appropriation account with subtotals for Department of Defense compo-nents. (2) A summary of each appropriation account by budget activity, activity group, and sub-ac-tivity group with budget activity and activity group subtotals and an appropriation total. (3) A detailed sub-activity group by program element and expense aggregate listing in budget activity and activity group sequence. (4) A rollup document by sub-activity group with accompanying program element funding with the PB–61 program element tags included. (5) A summary of each depot maintenance fa-cility with information on workload, work force, sources of funding, and expenses similar to the exhibit on Mission Funded Naval Shipyards in-cluded with the 2012 Navy Budget Justification. (6) A summary of contractor logistics support for each program element, including a measure of workload and unit cost. (c) F
ORMATTING .—The annex required under subsection (a) shall be formatted in accordance with relevant Department of Defense financial management regulations that provide guidance for budget submissions to Congress. 
SEC. 334. SERVICEWOMEN’S COMMEMORATIVE PARTNERSHIPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may provide not more than $5,000,000 in finan-cial support for the acquisition, installation, and maintenance of exhibits, facilities, histor-ical displays, and programs at military service memorials and museums that highlight the role of women in the military. The Secretary may enter into a contract, partnership, or grant with a non-profit organization for the purpose of per-forming such acquisition, installation, and maintenance. (b) P
URPOSES .—The contracts, partnerships, or grants shall be limited to serving the purposes of— (1) preserving the history of the 3,000,000 women who have served in the United States Armed Forces; (2) managing an archive of artifacts, historic memorabilia, and documents related to service-women; (3) maintaining a women veterans’ oral his-tory program; and (4) conducting other educational programs re-lated to women in service. 
SEC. 335. AUTHORITY FOR AGREEMENTS TO RE-IMBURSE STATES FOR COSTS OF SUPPRESSING WILDFIRES ON STATE LANDS CAUSED BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACTIVITIES UNDER LEASES AND OTHER GRANTS OF AC-CESS TO STATE LANDS. 
Section 2691 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Secretary of Defense may, in any lease, permit, license, or other grant of access for use of lands owned by a State, agree to reim-burse the State for the reasonable costs of the State in suppressing wildland fires caused by the activities of the Department of Defense under such lease, permit, license, or other grant of access.’’. 
SEC. 336. REPURPOSING AND REUSE OF SURPLUS ARMY FIREARMS. 
(a) R EQUIRED TRANSFER .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of the Army shall transfer to Rock Island Arsenal all excess firearms, related spare parts and com-ponents, small arms ammunition, and ammuni-tion components currently stored at Defense Distribution Depot, Anniston, Alabama, that are no longer actively issued for military service and that are otherwise prohibited from commer-cial sale, or distribution, under Federal law. (b) REPURPOSING AND REUSE.—The items spec-ified for transfer under subsection (a) shall be melted and repurposed for military use as deter-mined by the Secretary of the Army, including— (1) the reforging of new firearms or their com-ponents; and (2) force protection barriers and security bollards. (c) I
TEMS EXEMPT FROM TRANSFER .—M–1 Ga- rand, caliber .45 M1911/M1911A1 pistols, and caliber .22 rimfire rifles are not subject to the transfer requirement under subsection (a). 
SEC. 337. DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY MARKSMAN-SHIP AWARDS. 
Section 40728 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) A
UTHORIZED NAVYTRANSFERS .—(1) Not- withstanding subsections (a) and (b), the Sec-retary of the Navy may transfer to the corpora-tion, in accordance with the procedures pre-scribed in this subchapter, M–1 Garand and cal-iber .22 rimfire rifles held within the inventories of the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps and stored at Defense Distribu-tion Depot, Anniston, Alabama, or Naval Sur-face Warfare Center, Crane, Indiana, as of the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. ‘‘(2) The items specified for transfer under paragraph (1) shall be used as awards for com-petitors in marksmanship competitions held by the United States Marine Corps or the United States Navy and may not be resold.’’. 
SEC. 338. MODIFICATION OF THE SECOND DIVI-SION MEMORIAL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Second Indianhead Division Association, Inc., Scholarship and Me-morials Foundation, an organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of that Code, may place additional com-memorative elements or engravings on the raised platform or stone work of the existing Second Division Memorial located in President’s Park, between 17th Street Northwest and Constitution Avenue in the District of Columbia, to further honor the members of the Second Infantry Divi-sion who have given their lives in service to the United States. (b) A
PPLICATION OF COMMEMORATIVE WORKS A
CT.—Chapter 89 of title 40, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Commemorative Works Act’’), shall apply to the design and placement of the commemorative elements or engravings authorized under subsection (a). (c) F
UNDING .—Federal funds may not be used for modifications of the Second Division Memo-rial authorized under subsection (a). Subtitle E—Energy and Environment 
SEC. 341. AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT ENVIRON-MENTAL RESTORATION ACTIVITIES AT NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE LOCATIONS. 
Section 2701(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A
UTHORITY TO CARRY OUT ACTIVITIES AT  
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE LOCATIONS .—The Secretary may carry out activities under this section at National Guard and Reserve loca-tions.’’. 
SEC. 342. SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS FOR EN-ERGY PERFORMANCE GOALS. 
Section 2911(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and to re-duce the future demand and the requirements for the use of energy’’ after ‘‘consumption of en-ergy’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘to reduce the future demand and the requirements for the use of energy’’ and inserting ‘‘to enhance en-ergy resilience to ensure the Department of De-fense has the ability to prepare for and recover from energy disruptions that impact mission as-surance on military installations’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5907 September 25, 2017 
(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Opportunities to leverage third-party fi-nancing to address installation energy needs.’’. 
SEC. 343. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL STUDY ON HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry and in consultation with the Department of Defense, shall— (1) commence a study on the human health implications of per- and polyfluoroalkyl sub-stances (PFAS) contamination in drinking water, ground water, and any other sources of water and relevant exposure vectors, including the cumulative human health implications of multiple types of PFAS contamination at levels above and below health advisory levels; (2) not later than 5 years after the date of en-actment of this Act (or 7 years after such date of enactment after providing notice to the ap-propriate congressional committees of the need for the delay)— (A) complete such study and make any appro-priate recommendations; and (B) submit a report to the appropriate con-gressional committees on the results of such study; and (3) not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually there-after until submission of the report under para-graph (2)(B), submit to the appropriate congres-sional committees a report on the progress of the study. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION .—There is authorized to be appropriated $7,000,000 to carry out this section. (2) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2018 for the Depart-ment of Defense by section 301 for operation and maintenance is hereby reduced by $7,000,000, with the amount of such decrease to be allo-cated to operation and maintenance, Navy, SAG BSIT, as specified in the funding tables in sec-tion 4301. (c) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Heath, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Vet-erans’ Affairs of the Senate; and (3) the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 344. ENVIRONMENTAL OVERSIGHT AND RE-MEDIATION AT RED HILL BULK FUEL STORAGE FACILITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility lo-cated on Oahu, Hawaii is a national strategic asset that— (A) supports combatant commander theater se-curity requirements; (B) supports contingency operations; (C) provides essential and timely support to the United States and allies’ military mobiliza-tions and disaster response efforts in the Indo- Asia-Pacific and around the world; and (D) is routinely used to support normal transit of Navy and Air Force movements in the region; (2) the facility in its current form cannot be replicated anywhere else in the world; (3) moving the fuel to another storage facility in the Indo-Asia-Pacific would have implica-tions for the United States military force struc-ture in the State of Hawaii and put at risk bil-lions of dollars in annual economic activity that the Armed Forces bring to the State of Hawaii; (4) if the facility were closed, the United States Armed Forces would be unable to support the National Military Strategy, including the goals of the United States Pacific Commander, and national security interests would be signifi-cantly undermined; (5) constant vigilance is required to ensure that facility degradation and fuel leaks do not pose a threat to the people of Hawaii, especially the drinking water on Oahu; and (6) despite its importance, the facility con-tinues to face long-term challenges without ro-bust and consistent funding that provides the Navy and the Defense Logistics Agency with the resources needed to improve the tanks and asso-ciated infrastructure. (b) BUDGET SUBMISSIONS .— (1) A
NNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION .—The Sec- retary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Navy, shall ensure that the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget for any fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) includes a description of how the Department will use funds to support any deliverables that the parties of the Adminis-trative Order on Consent/Statement of Work have identified as necessary to mitigate and pre-vent fuel leaks at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Stor-age Facility on Oahu, Hawaii. (2) F
UTURE YEARS DEFENSE BUDGET .—The Sec- retary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Navy, shall ensure that each fu-ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, describes how the Department will use funds to support any deliverables that the par-ties of the Administrative Order on Consent/ Statement of Work have identified as necessary to mitigate and prevent fuel leaks at the Red Hill Bulk Fuel Storage Facility on Oahu, Ha-waii, in the period covered by the future-years defense program. (c) A
DMINISTRATIVE ORDER ON CONSENT / S
TATEMENT OF WORKDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Administrative Order on Consent/ Statement of Work’’ means a legally enforceable agreement between the United States Depart-ment of the Navy (Navy), the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Region 9, and the State of Hawaii Department of Health (DOH) that the parties voluntarily entered into on Sep-tember 28, 2015 [EPA DKT NO. RCRA 7003–R9– 2015–01/DOH DKT NO. 15–UST–EA–01]. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces 
SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2018, as follows: (1) The Army, 481,000. (2) The Navy, 327,900. (3) The Marine Corps, 186,000. (4) The Air Force, 325,100. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
SEC. 411. END STRENGTHS FOR SELECTED RE-SERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are au-thorized strengths for Selected Reserve per-sonnel of the reserve components as of Sep-tember 30, 2018, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 343,500. (2) The Army Reserve, 199,500. (3) The Navy Reserve, 59,000. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 106,600. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 69,800. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) E
NDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Se-lected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units orga-nized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Se-lected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for un-satisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) ENDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Re-serve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON AC-TIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RE-SERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in section 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2018, the following number of Reserves to be serving on full-time active duty or full-time duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,155. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,261. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,101. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,260. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,588. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECH-NICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2018 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the fol-lowing: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 19,135. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. 
SEC. 414. FISCAL YEAR 2018 LIMITATION ON NUM-BER OF NON-DUAL STATUS TECHNI-CIANS. 
(a) L IMITATIONS .— (1) N
ATIONAL GUARD .—The number of non- dual status technicians employed by the Na-tional Guard as of September 30, 2018, may not exceed the following: (A) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 0. (B) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 0. (2) A
RMY RESERVE .—The number of non-dual status technicians employed by the Army Re-serve as of September 30, 2018, may not exceed 0. (3) A
IR FORCE RESERVE .—The number of non- dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2018, may not exceed 0. (b) N
ON-DUAL STATUS TECHNICIANS DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-dual sta-tus technician’’ has the meaning given that term in section 10217(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 415. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PER-SONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON AC-TIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUP-PORT. 
During fiscal year 2018, the maximum number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on full-time operational support duty under sec-tion 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5908 September 25, 2017 
(3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. 
SEC. 416. NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE NA-TIONAL GUARD ON FULL-TIME DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RESERVES WITHIN THE NATIONAL GUARD BU-REAU. 
Within the personnel authorized by para-graphs (1) and (5) of section 412, the number of personnel under each such paragraph who may serve with the National Guard Bureau may not exceed the number equal to six percent of the number authorized by such paragraph. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 421. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not other-wise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) C
ONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appro-priations (definite or indefinite) for such pur-pose for fiscal year 2018. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. CLARIFICATION OF BASELINES FOR AU-THORIZED NUMBERS OF GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS ON ACTIVE DUTY AND IN JOINT DUTY ASSIGN-MENTS. 
(a) A CTIVE -DUTY BASELINE .—Subsection (h)(2) of section 526 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the lower of’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the statutory limit of general officers or flag officers of that armed force under subsection (a).’’. (b) J
OINT DUTYASSIGNMENT BASELINE .—Sub- section (i)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘the lower of’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the statutory limit on general officer and flag officer positions that are joint duty as-signments under subsection (b)(1).’’. 
SEC. 502. AUTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PAR-TICULAR MERIT BE PLACED AT THE TOP OF THE PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF PROMOTION BOARDS TO R
ECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT B
EPLACED AT TOP OF PROMOTION LIST.—Sec- tion 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be rec-ommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the mili-tary department concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed at the top of the promotion list promulgated by the Secretary under section 624(a)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) The number of such officers placed at the top of the promotion list may not exceed the number equal to 20 percent of the maximum number of officers that the board is authorized to recommend for promotion in such competitive category. If the number determined under this subsection is less than one, the board may rec-ommend one such officer. ‘‘(3) No officer may be recommended to be placed at the top of the promotion list unless the officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of a board for such placement. ‘‘(4) For the officers recommended to be placed at the top of the promotion list, the board shall recommend the order in which these officers should be promoted.’’. (b) O
FFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR -
ING AT TOP OF PROMOTION LIST.—Section 624(a)(1) of such title is amended by inserting ‘‘, except such officers of particular merit who were approved by the President and rec-ommended by the board to be placed at the top of the promotion list under section 616(g) of this title as these officers shall be placed at the top of the promotion list in the order recommended by the board’’ after ‘‘officers on the active-duty list’’. SEC. 503. CLARIFICATION TO EXCEPTION FOR RE-MOVAL OF OFFICERS FROM LIST OF OFFICERS RECOMMENDED FOR PRO-MOTION AFTER 18 MONTHS WITH-OUT APPOINTMENT. 
Section 629(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the Senate is not able to obtain the information necessary’’ and inserting ‘‘the military department concerned is not able to obtain and provide to the Senate the information the Senate requires’’. 
SEC. 504. FLEXIBILITY IN PROMOTION OF OFFI-CERS TO POSITIONS OF STAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE TO THE COM-MANDANT OF THE MARINE CORPS AND DEPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE NAVY. 
(a) S TAFF JUDGE ADVOCATE TO COMMANDANT  
OF THE MARINE CORPS.—Section 5046(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the Navy elects to con-vene a selection board under section 611(a) of this title to consider eligible officers for selection to appointment as Staff Judge Advocate, the Secretary may, in connection with such consid-eration for selection— ‘‘(A) treat any section in chapter 36 of this title referring to promotion to the next higher grade as if such section referred to promotion to a higher grade; and ‘‘(B) waive section 619(a)(2) of this title if the Secretary determines that the needs of the Ma-rine Corps require the waiver.’’. (b) D
EPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE  N
AVY.—Section 5149(a) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(3) If the Secretary of the Navy elects to con-vene a selection board under section 611(a) of this title to consider eligible officers for selection to appointment as Deputy Judge Advocate Gen-eral, the Secretary may, in connection with such consideration for selection— ‘‘(A) treat any section in chapter 36 of this title referring to promotion to the next higher grade as if such section referred to promotion to a higher grade; and ‘‘(B) waive section 619(a)(2) of this title if the Secretary determines that the needs of the Navy require the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 505. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR SPECI-FICATION OF NUMBER OF OFFICERS WHO MAY BE RECOMMENDED FOR EARLY RETIREMENT BY A SELECTIVE EARLY RETIREMENT BOARD. 
Section 638a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraph (1); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (1) through (3), respectively; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. 
SEC. 506. EXTENSION OF SERVICE-IN-GRADE WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR VOL-UNTARY RETIREMENT OF CERTAIN GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS FOR PURPOSES OF ENHANCED FLEXI-BILITY IN OFFICER PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT. 
Section 1370(a)(2)(G) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘2025’’. SEC. 507. INCLUSION OF PRINCIPAL MILITARY DEPUTY TO THE ASSISTANT SEC-RETARY OF THE ARMY FOR ACQUISI-TION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LOGISTICS AMONG OFFICERS SUBJECT TO RE-PEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICA-TION OF GENERAL OFFICER GRADE. 
Section 3016(b)(5)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a lieutenant gen-eral’’ and inserting ‘‘an officer’’. 
SEC. 508. CLARIFICATION OF EFFECT OF REPEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION OF GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER GRADE FOR VARIOUS POSITIONS IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R ETENTION OF GRADE OF INCUMBENTS IN  P
OSITIONS ON EFFECTIVE DATE.—Effective as of December 23, 2016, and as if included in the en-actment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to which it relates, section 502 of that Act (130 Stat. 2102) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(tt) R
ETENTION OF GRADE OF INCUMBENTS IN  P
OSITIONS ON EFFECTIVE DATE.—The grade of service of an officer serving as of the date of the enactment of this Act in a position whose statu-tory grade is affected by an amendment made by this section may not be reduced after that date by reason of such amendment as long as the of-ficer remains in continuous service in such posi-tion after that date.’’. (b) C
LARIFYING AMENDMENT TO CHIEF OF VET-
ERINARY CORPS OF THE ARMY REPEAL .—Section 3084 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the last sentence. 
SEC. 509. GRANDFATHERING OF RETIRED GRADE OF ASSISTANT JUDGE ADVOCATES GENERAL OF THE NAVY AS OF RE-PEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICA-TION OF GENERAL AND FLAG OFFI-CERS GRADES IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amend-ments made by section 502(gg)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), the officer holding a posi-tion specified in subsection (b) as of December 23, 2016, in the grade of rear admiral (lower half) or brigadier general, as applicable, may be retired after that date in such grade with the re-tired pay of such grade (unless entitled to high-er pay under another provision of law). (b) S
PECIFIED POSITIONS .—The positions speci-fied in this subsection are the following: (1) The Assistant Judge Advocate General of the Navy provided for by section 5149(b) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Assistant Judge Advocate General of the Navy provided for by section 5149(c) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 510. SERVICE CREDIT FOR CYBERSPACE EX-PERIENCE OR ADVANCED EDU-CATION UPON ORIGINAL APPOINT-MENT AS A COMMISSIONED OFFI-CER. 
(a) O RIGINAL APPOINTMENT AS A RESERVE OF-
FICER .—Section 12207 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by inserting ‘‘or (e)’’ after ‘‘subsection (b)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsection (e): ‘‘(e)(1) Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, if the Secretary of a mili-tary department determines that the number of commissioned officers with cyberspace-related experience or advanced education in reserve ac-tive-status in an armed force under the jurisdic-tion of such Secretary is critically below the number needed, such Secretary may credit any person receiving an original appointment as a reserve commissioned officer with a period of constructive service for the following: ‘‘(A) Special experience or training in a par-ticular cyberspace-related field if such experi-ence or training is directly related to the oper-ational needs of the armed force concerned. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5909 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(B) Any period of advanced education in a cyberspace-related field beyond the bacca-laureate degree level if such advanced education is directly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned. ‘‘(2) Constructive service credited an officer under this subsection shall not exceed one year for each year of special experience, training, or advanced education, and not more than three years total constructive service may be credited. ‘‘(3) Constructive service credited an officer under this subsection is in addition to any serv-ice credited that officer under subsection (a) and shall be credited at the time of the original appointment of the officer. ‘‘(4) The authority to award constructive serv-ice credit under this subsection expires on De-cember 31, 2023.’’; and (4) in subsection (f), as redesignated by para-graph (2), by striking ‘‘or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (d), or (e)’’. (b) E
XTENSION OF AUTHORITY IN CONNECTION  W
ITHORIGINAL APPOINTMENT OF REGULAR OF-
FICERS .—Section 533(g)(4) of such title is amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
SEC. 510A. AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS TO OPT- OUT OF PROMOTION BOARD CONSID-ERATION. 
(a) A CTIVE -DUTY LISTOFFICERS .—Section 619 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (e).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) A
UTHORITY TOPERMIT OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .— The Secretary of Defense may authorize the Sec-retary of a military department to provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of that Sec-retary may, upon the officer’s request and with the approval of the Secretary concerned, be ex-cluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title to consider officers for promotion to the next high-er grade. The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove such a request if— ‘‘(1) the basis for the request is to allow an of-ficer to complete a broadening assignment, ad-vanced education, another assignment of sig-nificant value to the Department of Defense, or a career progression requirement delayed by the assignment of education; ‘‘(2) the Secretary concerned determines the exclusion from consideration is in the best inter-est of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(3) the officer has not previously failed of se-lection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consider-ation.’’. (b) R
ESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS LISTOFFICERS .— Section 14301 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘P
REVIOUSLY SELECTED OFFICERS NOTELIGI-
BLE’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (j).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) A
UTHORITY TOPERMIT OFFICERS TOOPT O
UT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .— The Secretary of Defense may authorize the Sec-retary of a military department to provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of that Sec-retary may, upon the officer’s request and with the approval of the Secretary concerned, be ex-cluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 14101(a) of this title to consider officers for promotion to the next high-er grade. The Secretary concerned may only ap-prove such a request if— ‘‘(1) the basis for the request is to allow an of-ficer to complete a broadening assignment, ad-vanced education, another assignment of sig-nificant value to the Department of Defense, or a career progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(2) the Secretary concerned determines the exclusion from consideration is in the best inter-est of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(3) the officer has not previously failed of se-lection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consider-ation.’’. SEC. 510B. REAUTHORIZATION OF AUTHORITY TO ORDER RETIRED MEMBERS TO AC-TIVE DUTY IN HIGH-DEMAND, LOW- DENSITY ASSIGNMENTS. 
Section 688a(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘after December 21, 2011.’’ and inserting ‘‘outside a period as fol-lows: ‘‘(1) The period beginning on December 2, 2002, and ending on December 31, 2011. ‘‘(2) The period beginning on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2018 and ending on De-cember 31, 2022.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
SEC. 511. CONSOLIDATION OF AUTHORITIES TO ORDER MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO PERFORM DUTY. 
Section 515 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 810) is amended— (1) in the second sentence of subsection (b), by striking ‘‘such legislation as would be necessary to amend titles 10, 14, 32, and 37 of the United States Code and other provisions of law in order to implement the Secretary’s approach by Octo-ber 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘legislation imple-menting the alternate approach by April 30, 2019’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) A
TTRIBUTES OF ALTERNATE APPROACH .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure the alter-nate approach described in subsection (b)— ‘‘(1) reduces the number of statutory authori-ties by which members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces may be ordered to perform duty to not more than 8 statutory authorities grouped into 4 duty categories to which specific pay and benefits may be aligned, which cat-egories shall include— ‘‘(A) one duty category that shall generally reflect active service performed in support of contingency type operations or other military actions in support of the commander of a com-batant command; ‘‘(B) a second duty category that shall— ‘‘(i) generally reflect active service not de-scribed in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(ii) consist of training, administration, oper-ational support, and full-time support of the re-serve components; ‘‘(C) a third duty category that shall— ‘‘(i) generally reflect duty performed under di-rect military supervision while not in active service; and ‘‘(ii) include duty characterized by partial- day service; and ‘‘(D) a fourth duty category that shall— ‘‘(i) generally reflect remote duty completed while not under direct military supervision; and ‘‘(ii) include completion of correspondence courses and telework; ‘‘(2) distinguishes among duty performed under titles 10, 14, and 32, United States Code, and ensures that the reasons the members of the reserve components are utilized under the statu-tory authorities which exist prior to the alter-nate approach are preserved and can be tracked as separate and distinct purposes; ‘‘(3) minimizes, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, disruptions in pay and benefits for mem-bers, and adheres to the principle that a member should receive pay and benefits commensurate with the nature and performance of the mem-ber’s duties; ‘‘(4) ensures the Secretary has the flexibility to meet emerging requirements and to effectively manage the force; and ‘‘(5) aligns Department of Defense program-ming and budgeting to the types of duty mem-bers perform.’’. SEC. 512. ESTABLISHMENT OF OFFICE OF COM-PLEX INVESTIGATIONS WITHIN THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Chapter 1101 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 10509. Office of Complex Investigations ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—There is in the National Guard Bureau an Office of Complex Investiga-tions (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’) under the authority, direction, and control of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. ‘‘(b) D
ISPOSITION AND FUNCTIONS .—The Office shall be organized, trained, equipped, and man-aged to conduct administrative investigations in order to assist the States in the organization, maintenance, and operation of the National Guard as follows: ‘‘(1) In investigations of allegations of sexual assault involving members of the National Guard. ‘‘(2) In investigations in circumstances involv-ing members of the National Guard in which other law enforcement agencies within the De-partment of Defense do not have, or have lim-ited, jurisdiction or authority to investigate. ‘‘(3) In investigations in such other cir-cumstances involving members of the National Guard as the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau may direct. ‘‘(c) S
COPE OF INVESTIGATIVE AUTHORITY .— Individuals performing investigations described in subsection (b)(1) are authorized— ‘‘(1) to have access to all records, reports, au-dits, reviews, documents, papers, recommenda-tions, or other material available to the applica-ble establishment which relate to programs and operations with respect to the National Guard; and ‘‘(2) to request such information or assistance as may be necessary for carrying out those du-ties from any Federal, State, or local govern-mental agency or unit thereof.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 1101 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘10509. Office of Complex Investigations.’’. 
SEC. 513. REVIEW OF EFFECTS OF PERSONNEL REQUIREMENTS AND LIMITATIONS ON THE AVAILABILITY OF MEMBERS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF FUNERAL HON-ORS DUTY FOR VETERANS. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall undertake a review of the effects of the personnel requirements and limitations de-scribed in subsection (b) with respect to the members of the National Guard in order to de-termine whether or not such requirements un-duly limit the ability of the Armed Forces to meet the demand for personnel to perform fu-neral honors in connection with funerals of vet-erans. (b) P
ERSONNEL REQUIREMENTS AND LIMITA -
TIONS .—The personnel requirements and limita-tions described in this subsection are the fol-lowing: (1) Requirements, such as the ceiling on the authorized number of members of the National Guard on active duty pursuant to section 115(b)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, or end-strength limitations, that may operate to limit the number of members of the National Guard available for the performance of funeral honors duty. (2) Any other requirements or limitations ap-plicable to the reserve components of the Armed Forces in general, or the National Guard in par-ticular, that may operate to limit the number of members of the National Guard available for the performance of funeral honors duty. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5910 September 25, 2017 
(c) R EPORT .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a report on the review undertaken pursuant to subsection (a). The report shall in-clude the following: (1) A description of the review. (2) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the review for legislative or administrative action to expand the number of members of the National Guard available for the performance of funeral honors functions at funerals of veterans. 
SEC. 514. TRAINING FOR NATIONAL GUARD PER-SONNEL ON WILDFIRE RESPONSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army and the Secretary of the Air Force shall, in con-sultation with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, provide for training of appropriate per-sonnel of the National Guard on wildfire re-sponse, with preference given to States with the most acres of Federal forestlands administered by the U.S. Forest Service or the Department of the Interior. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense a total of $10,000,000, in addition to amounts authorized to be appro-priated by sections 421 and 301, in order to carry out the training required by subsection (a) and provide related equipment. (c) O
FFSET .—In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Fuzes, Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force, decrease the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $10,000,000. 
SEC. 515. PLAN TO MEET DEMAND FOR CYBER-SPACE CAREER FIELDS IN THE RE-SERVE COMPONENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth a plan for meeting the in-creased demand for cyberspace career fields in the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan shall take into ac-count the following: (1) The availability of qualified local workforces. (2) Potential best practices of private sector companies involved in cyberspace and of edu-cational institutions with established cyber-space-related academic programs. (3) The potential for Total Force Integration throughout the defense cyber community. (4) Recruitment strategies to attract individ-uals with critical cyber training and skills to join the reserve components. (c) M
ETRICS .—The plan shall include appro-priate metrics for use in the evaluation of the implementation of the plan. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities 
SEC. 516. REPORT ON POLICIES FOR REGULAR AND RESERVE OFFICER CAREER MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report set-ting forth the results of a review, undertaken by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the policies of the Department of Defense for the ca-reer management of regular and reserve officers of the Armed Forces pursuant to the Defense Officer Personnel Management Act (commonly referred to as ‘‘DOPMA’’) and the Reserve Offi-cer Personnel Management Act (commonly re-ferred to as ‘‘ROPMA’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include recommendations for the following: (1) Mechanisms to increase the ability of offi-cers to repeatedly transition between active duty and reserve active-status throughout the course of their military careers. (2) Mechanisms to provide the Armed Forces additional flexibility in managing the popu-lations of officers in the grades of major, lieu-tenant colonel, and colonel and Navy grades of lieutenant commander, commander, and cap-tain. (3) Mechanisms to use the modernized retire-ment system provided by part I of subtitle D of title VI of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) to encourage officers to pursue careers of lengths that vary from the traditional 20-year military career. (4) Mechanisms to provide for alternative ca-reer tracks for officers that encourage and fa-cilitate the recruitment and retention of officers with technical expertise. (5) Mechanisms for a career and promotion path for officers in cyber-related specialties. (6) Mechanism to ensure the officer corps does not become disproportionately weighted toward officers serving in the grades of major, lieuten-ant colonel, and colonel and Navy grades of lieutenant commander, commander, and cap-tain. (7) Any other mechanisms or matters the Sec-retary considers appropriate to improve the ef-fective recruitment, management, and retention of regular and reserve officers of the Armed Forces. (c) SCOPE OF REPORT .—If any recommenda-tion of the Secretary in the report required by subsection (a) requires legislative or administra-tive action for implementation, the report shall include a proposal for legislative action, or a de-scription of administrative action, as applicable, to implement such recommendation. 
SEC. 517. RESPONSIBILITY OF CHIEFS OF STAFF OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR STAND-ARDS AND QUALIFICATIONS FOR MILITARY SPECIALTIES WITHIN THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-section (d), responsibility within an Armed Force for establishing, approving, and modi-fying the criteria, standards, and qualifications for military speciality codes within that Armed Force shall be vested solely in the Chief of Staff of that Armed Force. (b) M
ILITARY SPECIALTY CODES.—For pur- poses of this section, a military specialty code is as follows: (1) A Military Occupational Speciality Code (MOS) and any other military specialty or mili-tary occupational specialty of the Army, in the case of the Army. (2) A Naval Enlisted Code (NEC), Unrestricted Duty code, Restricted Duty code, Restricted Line duty code, Staff Corps code, Limited Duty code, Warrant Officer code, and any other mili-tary specialty or military occupational specialty of the Navy, in the case of the Navy. (3) An Air Force Specialty Code (AFSC) and any other military specialty or military occupa-tional specialty of the Air Force, in the case of the Air Force. (4) A Military Occupational Speciality Code (MOS) and any other military specialty or mili-tary occupational specialty of the Marine Corps, in the case of the Marine Corps. (c) C
HIEF OF STAFF FOR MARINE CORPS.—For purposes of this section, the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall be deemed to be the Chief of Staff of the Marine Corps. (d) G
ENDER INTEGRATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to terminate, alter, or revise the authority of the Secretary of Defense to establish, approve, modify, or otherwise regu-late gender-based criteria, standards, and quali-fications for military specialties within the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 518. CONFIDENTIAL REVIEW OF CHARACTER-IZATION OF TERMS OF DISCHARGE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO ARE SURVIVORS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) C ODIFICATION OF CURRENT CONFIDENTIAL  P
ROCESS .— (1) C
ODIFICATION .—Chapter 79 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1554a a new section 1554b con-sisting of— (A) a heading as follows: ‘‘§ 1554b. Confidential review of characteriza-tion of terms of discharge of members of the armed forces who are survivors of sex-re-lated offenses’’; and (B) a text consisting of the text of section 547 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3375; 10 U.S.C. 1553 note). (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 79 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1554a the following new item: ‘‘1554b. Confidential review of characterization of terms of discharge of members of the armed forces who are sur-vivors of sex-related offenses.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 547 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is repealed. (b) T
ERMINOLOGY .—Subsection (a) of section 1554b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section, is amended by striking ‘‘victim’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘survivor’’. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY TO INDI-
VIDUALS WHOALLEGE THEYWERE A SURVIVOR  
OF A SEX-RELATED OFFENSE DURING MILITARY  S
ERVICE .—Subsection (a) of such section 1554b, as so added, is further amended by inserting after ‘‘sex-related offense’’ the following: ‘‘, or alleges that the individual was the survivor of a sex-related offense,’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section 1554b, as so added, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Armed Forces’’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘armed forces’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘boards for the correction of military records of the military department con-cerned’’ and inserting ‘‘boards of the military department concerned established in accordance with this chapter’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such an offense’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a sex-related offense’’; (3) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘boards for the correction of military records’’ and inserting ‘‘boards of the military department concerned established in accordance with this chapter’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; and (B) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ‘‘such title’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’. 
SEC. 519. IMPROVEMENTS TO CERTAIN AUTHORI-TIES AND PROCEDURES OF DIS-CHARGE REVIEW BOARDS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF 15-YEAR STATUTE OF LIMITA -
TIONS ON MOTIONS OR REQUESTS FOR REVIEW .— Subsection (a) of section 1553 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the second sentence. (b) T
ELEPHONIC PRESENTATION OF EVI-
DENCE .—Subsection (c) of such section is amend-ed in the second sentence by striking ‘‘or by af-fidavit’’ and inserting ‘‘, by affidavit, or by tele-phone or video conference (to the extent reason-able and technically feasible)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 520. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION RELATED TO DISPOSITION OF CLAIMS REGARDING DISCHARGE OR RELEASE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHEN THE CLAIMS INVOLVE SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
(a) B OARDS FOR THE CORRECTION OF MILITARY  R
ECORDS .—Section 1552(h) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5911 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(4) The number and disposition of claims de-cided during the calendar quarter preceding the calendar quarter in which such information is made available in which sexual assault is al-leged to have contributed, whether in whole or in part, to the original characterization of the discharge or release of the claimant.’’. (b) D
ISCHARGE REVIEW BOARDS .—Section 1553(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) The number and disposition of claims de-cided during the calendar quarter preceding the calendar quarter in which such information is made available in which sexual assault is al-leged to have contributed, whether in whole or in part, to the original characterization of the discharge or release of the former member.’’. 
SEC. 520A. MODIFICATION OF BASIS FOR EXTEN-SION OF PERIOD FOR ENLISTMENT IN THE ARMED FORCES UNDER THE DELAYED ENTRY PROGRAM. 
Section 513(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (4); (2) by designating the second sentence of paragraph (1) as paragraph (2) and indenting the left margin of such paragraph (2), as so des-ignated, two ems from the left margin; (3) in paragraph (2), as so designated, by in-serting ‘‘described in paragraph (1)’’ after ‘‘the 365-day period’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2), as des-ignated by this section, the following new para-graph (3): ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary concerned may extend by up to an additional 365 days the period of ex-tension under paragraph (2) for a person who enlists under section 504(b)(2) of this title if the Secretary determines that the period of exten-sion under this paragraph is required for the performance of adequate background and secu-rity reviews of that person. ‘‘(B) The authority to make an extension under this paragraph shall expire on December 31, 2019. The expiration of such authority shall not effect the validity of any extension made in accordance with this paragraph on or before that date.’’; and (5) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by para-graph (1) of this section, by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection’’. Subtitle D—Military Justice Matters 
SEC. 521. REVISION TO MANUAL FOR COURTS- MARTIAL WITH RESPECT TO DIS-SEMINATION OF VISUAL DEPICTIONS OF PRIVATE AREAS OR SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONDUCT WITHOUT THE CONSENT OF THE PERSON DE-PICTED. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TOENUMERATE OFFENSE  
FORPURPOSES OF GENERAL PUNITIVE ARTICLE .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the en-actment of this Act, part IV of the Manual for Courts-Martial shall be amended to include as an enumerated offense under section 934 of title 10, United States Code (article 134 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), the distribution of a visual depiction of the private area of a person or of sexually explicit conduct involving a person that was— (1) photographed, videotaped, filmed, or re-corded by any means with the consent of such person; and (2) distributed by another person who knew or should have known that the depicted person did not consent to such distribution. (b) P
RIVATE AREADEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘private area’’ has the meaning given the term in section 920c(d) of title 10, United States Code (article 120c(d) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
SEC. 522. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS IN CONNECTION WITH RE-FORM OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) A RTICLES 1, 6b, AND137.— (1) Section 801 of title 10, United States Code (article 1 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), is amended in the matter preceding para-graph (1) by striking ‘‘chapter:’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice):’’. (2) Section 806b(b) of title 10, United States Code (article 6b(b) of the Uniform Code of Mili-tary Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘(the Uni-form Code of Military Justice)’’. (3) Section 937 of title 10, United States Code (article 137 of the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5503 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘(the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice)’’ each place it appears as follows: (A) In subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A). (B) In subsection (b), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A). (C) In subsection (d), in the matter preceding paragraph (1). (b) ARTICLE 6b.—Section 806b(e)(3) of title 10, United States Code (article 6b(e)(3) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘President,’’ the fol-lowing: ‘‘subject to section 830a of this title (ar-ticle 30a).’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and, to the extent prac-ticable,’’ and inserting ‘‘To the extent prac-ticable, such a petition’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘before the court.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘before the Court of Criminal Appeals.’’. (c) A
RTICLE 30a.—Subsection (a)(1) of section 830a of title 10, United States Code (article 30a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or otherwise act on,’’ after ‘‘to review’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) Pre-referral matters under subsections (c) and (e) of section 806b of this title (article 6b).’’. (d) A
RTICLE 39.—Subsection (a)(4) of section 839 of title 10, United States Code (article 39 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5222(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by striking ‘‘in non-capital cases un-less the accused requests sentencing by members under section 825 of this title (article 25)’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 853(b)(1) of this title (article 53(b)(1))’’. (e) A
RTICLE 43.—Subsection (i) of section 843 of title 10, United States Code (article 43 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5225(c) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by striking ‘‘D
NAEVIDENCE .—’’ and inserting ‘‘DNA E
VIDENCE .—’’. (f) A
RTICLE 48.—Subsection (c)(1) of section 848 of title 10, United States Code (article 48 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5230 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘section 866(g) of this title (article 66(g))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 866(h) of this title (article 66(h))’’. (g) A
RTICLE 53.—Subsection (b)(1)(B) of sec-tion 853 of title 10, United States Code (article 53 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5236 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘in a trial’’. (h) A
RTICLE 53a.—Subsection (d) of section 853a of title 10, United States Code (article 53a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by striking ‘‘military judge’’ the sec-ond place it appears and inserting ‘‘court-mar-tial’’. (i) A
RTICLE 56.—Subsection (d)(1) of section 856 of title 10, United States Code (article 56 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5301 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting after ‘‘concerned,’’ the following: ‘‘under standards and procedures set forth in regulations prescribed by the President,’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B), by inserting after ‘‘(B)’’ the following: ‘‘as determined in accord-ance with standards and procedures prescribed by the President,’’. (j) ARTICLE 58a.— (1) Subsection (a) of section 858a of title 10, United States Code (article 58a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5303(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the matter after paragraph (3) by inserting after ‘‘reduces’’ the following: ‘‘, if such a reduction is authorized by regulation prescribed by the President,’’. (2) The heading of such section (article) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 858a. Art 58a. Sentences: reduction in en-listed grade’’. (k) A
RTICLE 58b.—Subsection (b) of section 858b of title 10, United States Code (article 58b of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘sec-tion 860 of this title (article 60)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 860a or 860b of this title (article 60a or 60b)’’. (l) A
RTICLE 62.—Subsection (b) of section 862 of title 10, United States Code (article 62 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by striking ‘‘, notwithstanding section 866(c) of this title (article 66(c))’’. (m) A
RTICLE 63.—Subsection (b) of section 863 of title 10, United States Code (article 63 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5327 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, subject to such limitations as the President may prescribe by regulation.’’. (n) A
RTICLE 64.—Subsection (a) of section 864 of title 10, United States Code (article 64 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5328(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended by striking ‘‘(a) (a) I
NGENERAL .—’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—’’. (o) A
RTICLE 65.—Subsection (b)(1) of section 865 of title 10, United States Code (article 65 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5329 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘section 866(b)(2) of this title (article 66(b)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 866(b)(3) of this title (article 66(b)(3))’’. (p) A
RTICLE 66.—Subsection (e)(2)(C) of sec-tion 866 of title 10, United States Code (article 66 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5330 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended by inserting after ‘‘required’’ the following: ‘‘by regulation prescribed by the President or’’. (q) A
RTICLE 69.—Subsection (c)(1)(A) of sec-tion 869 of title 10, United States Code (article 69 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended by inserting a comma after ‘‘in part’’. (r) A
RTICLE 82.—Subsection (b) of section 882 of title 10, United States Code (article 82 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5403 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended by striking ‘‘section 99’’ and inserting ‘‘section 899’’. (s) A
RTICLE 103a.—Section 8312(b)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘article 106a’’ and inserting ‘‘article 103a’’. (t) A
RTICLE 119a.—Subsection (b) of section 919a of title 10, United States Code (article 119a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5912 September 25, 2017 
of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5401(13)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘928a, 926, and 928’’ and insert-ing ‘‘926, 928, and 928a’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘128a 126, and 128’’ and insert-ing ‘‘126, 128, and 128a’’. (u) A
RTICLE 120.—Subsection (g)(2) of section 920 of title 10, United States Code (article 120 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5430(b) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘brest’’ and inserting ‘‘breast’’. (v) A
RTICLE 128.—Subsection (b)(2) of section 928 of title 10, United States Code (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5441 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is fur-ther amended by striking the comma after ‘‘sub-stantial bodily harm’’. (w) A
RTICLE 132.—Subsection (b)(2) of section 932 of title 10, United States Code (article 132 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5450 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by striking ‘‘section 1034(h)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1034(j)’’. (x) A
RTICLE 146.—Subsection (f) of section 946 of title 10, United States Code (article 146 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5521 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking the sentence beginning ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘The analysis under this paragraph shall be included in the assess-ment required by paragraph (1).’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) R
EPORTS .—With respect to each review and assessment under this subsection, the Panel shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Each report— ‘‘(A) shall set forth the results of the review and assessment concerned, including the find-ings and recommendations of the Panel; and ‘‘(B) shall be submitted not later than Decem-ber 31 of the calendar year in which the review and assessment is concluded.’’. (y) T
ABLES OF SECTIONS .— (1) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter II of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(1) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the items relat-ing to sections 810 and 812 (articles 10 and 12) by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(2) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘825.’’ the second place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘825a.’’; and (B) in the items relating to sections 825a, 826a, and 829 (articles 25a, 26a, and 29), by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (3) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VI of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(3) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘830.’’ the second place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘830a.’’; and (B) in the items relating to sections 830a and 832 through 835 (articles 30a and 32 through 35), by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (4) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(4) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the items relat-ing to sections 846 through 848, 850, 852, 853, and 853a (articles 46 through 48, 50, 52, 53, and 53a) by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (5) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VIII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(5) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 858a (article 58a) and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘858a. 58a. Sentences: reduction in enlisted grade.’’. (6) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IX of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(6) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the items relat-ing to sections 860 through 861, 864 through 866, and 869 (articles 60 through 61, 64 through 66, and 69) by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (7) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5452 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended— (A) in the items relating to sections 877 through 934 (articles 77 through 134), by striking ‘‘Art.’’; (B) in the item relating to section 887a (article 87a), by striking ‘‘Resistence’’ and inserting ‘‘Resistance’’; (C) in the item relating to section 908 (article 108), by striking ‘‘of the United States–Loss’’ and inserting ‘‘of United States–Loss,’’; and (D) in the item relating to section 909 (article 109), by striking ‘‘of the’’ and inserting ‘‘of’’. (8) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter XI of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(7) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the items relat-ing to sections 936 and 940a (articles 136 and 140a) by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (9) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter XII of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Jus-tice), as amended by section 5541(8) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended in the items relat-ing to sections 946 and 946a (articles 146 and 146a) by striking ‘‘Art.’’. (z) O
THER PROVISIONS OF TITLE10 INCONNEC -
TION WITHUCMJ R EFORM .— (1) Section 673(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 920, 920a, or 920c of this title (article 120, 120a, or 120c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 920, 920c, or 930 of this title (ar-ticle 120, 120c, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’. (2) Section 674(a) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 920, 920a, 920b, 920c, or 925 of this title (article 120, 120a, 120b, 120c, or 125 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 920, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120b, 120c, or 130 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice)’’. (3) Section 1034(c)(2)(A) of such title is amend-ed by striking ‘‘sections 920 through 920c of this title (articles 120 through 120c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’ and inserting ‘‘sec-tion 920, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120b, 120c, or 130 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’. (4) Section 1044e(g)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 920, 920a, 920b, 920c, or 925 of this title (article 120, 120a, 120b, 120c, or 125 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 920, 920b, 920c, or 930 of this title (article 120, 120b, 120c, or 130 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice)’’. (5) Section 1059(e) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘the approval of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘as approved,’’ and inserting ‘‘entry of judgment under section 860c of this title (article 60c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) if the sen-tence’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘by a court-martial’’ the second place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘include any such pun-ishment,’’ and inserting ‘‘for a dependent-abuse offense and the conviction is disapproved or is otherwise not part of the judgment under sec-tion 860c of this title (article 60c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) or the punishment is disapproved or is otherwise not part of the judg-ment under such section (article),’’. (6) Section 1408(h)(10)(A) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘the approval’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘entry of judgment under section 860c of this title (article 60c of the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. (aa) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect imme-diately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by division E of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as provided for in section 5542 of that Act. 
SEC. 523. PRIORITY OF REVIEW BY COURT OF AP-PEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES OF DECISIONS OF COURTS OF CRIMINAL APPEALS ON PETITIONS FOR EN-FORCEMENT OF VICTIMS’ RIGHTS. 
(a) P RIORITY .—Section 806b(e)(3) of title 10, United States Code (article 6b(e)(3) of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 522(b) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Review of any decision on such a petition by the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces shall have priority in the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, as determined under the rules of the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect immediately after the coming into effect of the following (in the order specified): (1) The amendments made by division E of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as provided for in section 5542 of that Act. (2) The amendments made by section 522(b) of this Act, as provided in section 522(aa) of this Act. 
SEC. 524. ASSISTANCE OF DEFENSE COUNSEL IN ADDITIONAL POST-TRIAL MATTERS FOR ACCUSED CONVICTED BY COURT-MARTIAL. 
(a) A SSISTANCE .—Subsection (c)(2) of section 838 of title 10, United States Code (article 38 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amend-ed by striking ‘‘section 860 of this title (article 60)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 860, 860a, or 860b of this title (article 60, 60a, or 60b)’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by division E of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as provided for in section 5542 of that Act. 
SEC. 525. ENUMERATION OF ADDITIONAL LIMITA-TIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF PLEA AGREEMENTS BY MILITARY JUDGES OF GENERAL OR SPECIAL COURTS- MARTIAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 853a of title 10, United States Code (article 53a of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5237 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5913 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(4) is prohibited by law; or ‘‘(5) is contrary to, or is inconsistent with, a regulation prescribed by the President with re-spect to terms, conditions, or other aspects of plea agreements.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by division E of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as provided for in section 5542 of that Act. 
SEC. 526. ADDITIONAL PROCEEDINGS BY COURTS OF CRIMINAL APPEALS BY ORDER OF UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f)(3) of section 866 of title 10, United States Code (article 66 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5330 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended— (1) by inserting after ‘‘Court’’ the first place it appears the following: ‘‘of Criminal Appeals’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘If the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces determines that additional pro-ceedings are warranted, the Court of Criminal Appeals shall order a hearing or other pro-ceeding in accordance with the direction of the Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by division E of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as provided for in section 5542 of that Act. 
SEC. 527. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY AND EFFECTIVE DATES FOR STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS AMENDMENTS IN CON-NECTION WITH UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE REFORM. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN AMEND -
MENTS .—Effective as of December 23, 2016, and immediately after the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), to which such amendment relates, section 5225(f) of that Act is amended by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘this section’’. (b) C
HILD ABUSE OFFENSES .—With respect to offenses committed before the date designated by the President under section 5542(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, subsection (b)(2)(B) of section 843 of title 10, United States Code (article 43 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), shall be ap-plied as in effect on December 22, 2016. (c) F
RAUDULENT ENLISTMENT OR APPOINTMENT  O
FFENSES .—With respect to the period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 and ending on the day before the date designated by the President under section 5542(a) of that Act, in the application of sub-section (h) of section 843 of title 10, United States Code (article 43 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as added by section 5225(b) of that Act, the reference in such subsection (h) to section 904a(1) of title 10, United States Code (article 104a(1) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), shall be deemed to be a reference to sec-tion 883(1) of title 10, United States Code (article 83(1) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice). 
SEC. 528. MODIFICATION OF YEAR OF INITIAL RE-VIEW BY MILITARY JUSTICE REVIEW PANEL OF UNIFORM CODE OF MILI-TARY JUSTICE REFORM AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 946 of title 10, United States Code (article 146 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), as amended by section 5521 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by division E of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as provided for in section 5542 of that Act. SEC. 529. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF LAW TO CI-VILIAN JUDGES OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF MILITARY COM-MISSION REVIEW. 
Section 950f(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5)(A) For purposes of sections 203, 205, 207, 208, and 209 of title 18, the term ‘special Govern-ment employee’ shall include a judge of the Court appointed under paragraph (3). ‘‘(B) A person appointed as a judge of the Court under paragraph (3) shall be considered to be an officer or employee of the United States with respect to such person’s status as a judge, but only during periods in which such person is performing the duties of such a judge. Any pro-vision of law that prohibits or limits the political or business activities of an employee of the United States shall only apply to such a judge during such periods.’’. 
SEC. 530. ENHANCEMENT OF EFFECTIVE PROS-ECUTION AND DEFENSE IN COURTS- MARTIAL AND RELATED MATTERS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL ELEMENT IN PROGRAM FOR  E
FFECTIVE PROSECUTION AND DEFENSE .—Sub- section (a)(1) of section 542 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2126; 10 U.S.C. 827 note) is amended by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘or there is adequate supervision and oversight of trial counsel and defense counsel so detailed to ensure effective prosecution and defense in the court-martial’’. (b) A
SSIGNMENT OF CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES TO S
UPERVISE LESSEXPERIENCED JUDGE ADVOCATES  
INPROSECUTION AND DEFENSE .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) A
SSIGNMENT OF CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES TO S
UPERVISE LESSEXPERIENCED JUDGE ADVOCATES  
INPROSECUTION AND DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) A
SSIGNMENT AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary concerned may assign the function of super-vising and overseeing prosecution or defense in courts-martial by less experienced judge advo-cates to civilian employees of the military de-partment concerned or the Department of Home-land Security, as applicable, who have extensive litigation expertise. ‘‘(2) S
TATUS AS SUPERVISOR .—A civilian em-ployee assigned to supervise and oversee the prosecution or defense in a court-martial pursu-ant to this subsection is not required to be de-tailed to the case, but must be reasonably avail-able for consultation during court-martial pro-ceedings.’’. (c) P
ILOT PROGRAMS ON PROFESSIONAL DEVEL-
OPMENTAL PROCESS FOR JUDGE ADVOCATES .— Subsection (d) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1) of this section, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), striking ‘‘establishing’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘a military justice career track for judge advocates under the jurisdiction of the Secretary.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) E
LEMENTS .—Each pilot program shall in-clude the following: ‘‘(A) A military justice career track for judge advocates that leads to judge advocates with military justice expertise in the grade of colonel, or in the grade of captain in the case of judge advocates of the Navy. ‘‘(B) The use of skill identifiers to identify judge advocates for participation in the pilot program from among judge advocates having appropriate skill and experience in military jus-tice matters. ‘‘(C) Guidance for promotion boards consid-ering the selection for promotion of officers par-ticipating in the pilot program in order to en-sure that judge advocates who are participating in the pilot program have the same opportunity for promotion as all other judge advocate offi-cers being considered for promotion by such boards. ‘‘(D) Such other matters as the Secretary con-cerned considers appropriate.’’. SEC. 531. COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES JURISDICTION TO REVIEW INTERLOCUTORY APPEALS OF DECI-SIONS ON CERTAIN PETITIONS FOR WRITS OF MANDAMUS. 
Section 806b(e) of title 10, United States Code (article 6b(e) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)’’and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) The Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces may review for legal error a grant or de-nial of a petition for a writ of mandamus under this subsection by the Court of Criminal Ap-peals, upon petition of a victim of an offense under this chapter or of the accused, and on good cause shown. Any such review shall, to the extent practicable, have priority over all other proceedings of the Court of Appeals.’’. 
SEC. 532. PUNITIVE ARTICLE ON WRONGFUL BROADCAST OR DISTRIBUTION OF INTIMATE VISUAL IMAGES OR VIS-UAL IMAGES OF SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONDUCT UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 917 (article 117 of the Uni-form Code of Military Justice) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 917a. Art. 117a. Wrongful broadcast or dis-tribution of intimate visual images ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION .—Any person subject to this chapter who— ‘‘(1) knowingly and wrongfully broadcasts or distributes an intimate visual image of another person or a visual image of sexually explicit conduct involving a person who— ‘‘(A) is at least 18 years of age at the time the intimate visual image or visual image of sexu-ally explicit conduct was created; ‘‘(B) is identifiable from the intimate visual image or visual image of sexually explicit con-duct itself, or from information displayed in connection with the intimate visual image or visual image of sexually explicit conduct; and ‘‘(C) does not explicitly consent to the broad-cast or distribution of the intimate visual image or visual image of sexually explicit conduct; ‘‘(2) knows or reasonably should have known that the intimate visual image or visual image of sexually explicit conduct was made under cir-cumstances in which the person depicted in the intimate visual image or visual image of sexu-ally explicit conduct retained a reasonable ex-pectation of privacy regarding any broadcast or distribution of the intimate visual image or vis-ual image of sexually explicit conduct; and ‘‘(3) knows or reasonably should have known that the broadcast or distribution of the inti-mate visual image or visual image of sexually explicit conduct is likely— ‘‘(A) to cause harm, harassment, intimidation, emotional distress, or financial loss for the per-son depicted in the intimate visual image or vis-ual image of sexually explicit conduct; or ‘‘(B) to harm substantially the depicted per-son with respect to that person’s health, safety, business, calling, career, financial condition, reputation, or personal relationships, is guilty of wrongful distribution of intimate vis-ual images or visual images of sexually explicit conduct and shall be punished as a court-mar-tial may direct. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5914 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(b) D EFINITIONS .—In this section (article): ‘‘(1) B
ROADCAST .—The term ‘broadcast’ means to electronically transmit a visual image with the intent that it be viewed by a person or per-sons. ‘‘(2) D
ISTRIBUTE .—The term ‘distribute’ means to deliver to the actual or constructive posses-sion of another person, including transmission by mail or electronic means. ‘‘(3) I
NTIMATE VISUAL IMAGE .—The term ‘inti-mate visual image’ means a visual image that depicts a private area of a person. ‘‘(4) P
RIVATE AREA .—The term ‘private area’ means the naked or underwear-clad genitalia, anus, buttocks, or female areola or nipple. ‘‘(5) R
EASONABLE EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY .— The term ‘reasonable expectation of privacy’ re-fers to circumstances in which a reasonable per-son would believe that an intimate visual image of the person, or a visual image of sexually ex-plicit conduct involving the person, would not be broadcast or distributed to another person. ‘‘(6) S
EXUALLY EXPLICIT CONDUCT .—The term ‘sexually explicit conduct’ means actual or sim-ulated genital-genital contact, oral-genital con-tact, anal-genital contact, or oral-anal contact, whether between persons of the same or opposite sex, bestiality, masturbation, or sadistic or mas-ochistic abuse. ‘‘(7) V
ISUAL IMAGE .—The term ‘visual image’ means the following: ‘‘(A) Any developed or undeveloped photo-graph, picture, film or video. ‘‘(B) Any digital or computer image, picture, film, or video made by any means, including those transmitted by any means, including streaming media, even if not stored in a perma-nent format. ‘‘(C) Any digital or electronic data capable of conversion into a visual image.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of subchapter X of chap-ter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uni-form Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 917 (article 117) the following new item: ‘‘917a. 117a. Wrongful broadcast or distribution of intimate visual images.’’. 
SEC. 533. REPORT ON AVAILABILITY OF POSTSEC-ONDARY CREDIT FOR SKILLS AC-QUIRED DURING MILITARY SERVICE. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Education, and Labor, shall submit to Congress a report on the transfer of skills into equivalent postsecondary credits or technical certifications for members of the armed forces leaving the military. Such report shall describe each the following: (1) Each skill that may be acquired during military service that is eligible for transfer into an equivalent postsecondary credit or technical certification. (2) The academic level of the equivalent post-secondary credit or technical certification for each such skill. (3) Each academic institution that awards an equivalent postsecondary credit or technical cer-tification for such skills, including— (A) each such academic institution’s status as a public or private institution, and as a non- profit or for-profit institution; and (B) the number of veterans that applied to such academic institution who were able to re-ceive equivalent postsecondary credits or tech-nical certifications in the preceding fiscal year, and the academic level of the credits or certifi-cations. (4) The number of members of the armed forces who left the military in the preceding fiscal year, and the number of such members who met with an academic or technical training advisor as part of the member’s participation in the Transition Assistance Program of the Depart-ment of Defense. Subtitle E—Member Education, Training, Transition, and Resilience SEC. 541. READY, RELEVANT LEARNING INITIA-TIVE OF THE NAVY. 
(a) C ERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED .—Not later than October 1, 2017, and each year thereafter, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a certification on the status of implementation of the Ready, Relevant Learning initiative of the Navy for each appli-cable enlisted rating. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each certification under sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A certification by the Commander of the United States Fleet Forces Command that the block learning and modernized delivery methods of the Ready, Relevant Learning initiative to be implemented during the fiscal year beginning in which such certification is submitted will meet or exceed the existing training delivery ap-proach for all associated training requirements. (2) A certification by the Secretary that the content re-engineering necessary to meet all training objectives and transition from the tra-ditional training curriculum to the modernized delivery format to be implemented during such fiscal year will be complete prior to such transi-tion, including full functionality of all required course software and hardware. (3) A detailed cost estimate of transitioning to the block learning and modernized delivery ap-proaches to be implemented during such fiscal year with funding listed by purpose, amount, appropriations account, budget program element or line item, and end strength adjustments. (4) A detailed phasing plan associated with transitioning to the block learning and modern-ized delivery approaches to be implemented dur-ing such fiscal year, including the current sta-tus, timing, and identification of reductions in ‘‘A’’ school and ‘‘C’’ school courses, curricula, funding, and personnel. (5) A certification by the Secretary that— (A) the contracting strategy associated with transitioning to the modernized delivery ap-proach to be implemented during such fiscal year has been completed; and (B) contracting actions contain sufficient specification detail to enable a low risk ap-proach to receiving the deliverable end item or items on-budget, on-schedule, and with satisfac-tory performance. 
SEC. 542. ELEMENT IN PRESEPARATION COUN-SELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ASSISTANCE AND SUPPORT SERVICES FOR CARE-GIVERS OF CERTAIN VETERANS THROUGH THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1142(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(18) A description, developed in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, of the assistance and support services for family care-givers of eligible veterans under the program conducted by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs pursuant to section 1720G of title 38, including the veterans covered by the program, the care-givers eligible for assistance and support through the program, and the assistance and support available through the program.’’. (b) P
ARTICIPATION OF POTENTIAL CAREGIVERS  
INAPPROPRIATE PRESEPARATION COUNSELING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary of Defense, each Secretary of a military department shall take appropriate actions to achieve the fol-lowing: (A) To determine whether each member of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of such Sec-retary who is undergoing preseparation coun-seling pursuant to section 1142 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (a)), and who may require caregiver services after separa-tion from the Armed Forces has identified an in-dividual to provide such services after the mem-ber’s separation. (B) In the case of a member described in sub-paragraph (A) who has identified an individual to provide caregiver services after the member’s separation, at the election of the member, to per-mit such individual to participate in appropriate sessions of the member’s preseparation coun-seling in order to inform such individual of— (i) the assistance and support services avail-able to caregivers of members after separation from the Armed Forces; and (ii) the manner in which the member’s transi-tion to civilian life after separation may likely affect such individual as a caregiver. (2) CAREGIVERS .—For purposes of this sub-section, individuals who provide caregiver serv-ices refers to individuals (including a spouse, partner, parent, sibling, adult child, other rel-ative, or friend) who provide physical or emo-tional assistance to former members of the Armed Forces during and after their transition from military life to civilian life following sepa-ration from the Armed Forces. (3) D
EADLINE FOR COMMENCEMENT .—Each Secretary of a miliary department shall com-mence the actions required pursuant to this sub-section by not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 543. DISCHARGE IN THE SELECTED RESERVE OF THE COMMISSIONED SERVICE OBLIGATION OF MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY GRADUATES WHO PARTICI-PATE IN PROFESSIONAL ATHLETICS. 
(a) U NITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY .—Sec- tion 4348(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) That, if upon graduation the cadet ob-tains employment as a professional athlete in lieu of the acceptance of an appointment ten-dered under paragraph (2), the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a commis-sioned officer as a Reserve in the Army for serv-ice in the Army Reserve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component as a member of the Selected Reserve until comple-tion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet.’’. (b) U
NITED STATES NAVAL ACADEMY .—Section 6959(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(5) That, if upon graduation the midshipman obtains employment as a professional athlete in lieu of the acceptance of an appointment ten-dered under paragraph (2), the midshipman— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a commis-sioned officer as a Reserve in the Navy for serv-ice in the Navy Reserve or the Marine Corps Re-serve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component as a member of the Selected Reserve until comple-tion of the commissioned service obligation of the midshipman.’’. (c) U
NITED STATES AIRFORCE ACADEMY .— Section 9348(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) That, if upon graduation the cadet ob-tains employment as a professional athlete in lieu of the acceptance of an appointment ten-dered under paragraph (2), the cadet— ‘‘(A) will accept an appointment as a commis-sioned officer as a Reserve in the Air Force for service in the Air Force Reserve; and ‘‘(B) will remain in that reserve component as a member of the Selected Reserve until comple-tion of the commissioned service obligation of the cadet.’’. (d) A
PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The Sec- retaries of the military departments shall promptly revise the cadet and midshipman serv-ice agreements under sections 4348, 6959, and 9348 of title 10, United States Code, to reflect the amendments made by this section. The revised agreement shall apply to cadets and midshipmen who are attending the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, or the United States Air Force Academy on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5915 September 25, 2017 
date of the enactment of this Act and to persons who begin attendance at such military service academies on or after that date. 
SEC. 544. PILOT PROGRAMS ON APPOINTMENT IN THE EXCEPTED SERVICE IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF PHYS-ICALLY DISQUALIFIED FORMER CA-DETS AND MIDSHIPMEN. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each Secretary of a military department may carry out a pilot program under which former cadets or midshipmen de-scribed in paragraph (2) (in this section referred to as ‘‘eligible individuals’’) under the jurisdic-tion of such Secretary may be appointed by the Secretary of Defense in the excepted service under section 3320 of title 5, United States Code, in the Department of Defense. (2) C
ADETS AND MIDSHIPMEN .—Except as pro-vided in paragraph (3), a former cadet or mid-shipman described in this paragraph is any former cadet at the United States Military Acad-emy or the United States Air Force Academy, and any former midshipman at the United States Naval Academy, who— (A) completed the prescribed course of instruc-tion and graduated from the applicable service academy; and (B) is determined to be medically disqualified to complete a period of active duty in the Armed Forces prescribed in an agreement signed by such cadet or midshipman in accordance with section 4348, 6959, or 9348 of title 10, United States Code. (3) E
XCEPTION .—A former cadet or mid-shipman whose medical disqualification as de-scribed in paragraph (2)(B) is the result of the gross negligence or misconduct of the former cadet or midshipman is not an eligible indi-vidual for purposes of appointment under a pilot program. (b) P
URPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot pro-grams is to evaluate the feasibility and advis-ability of permitting eligible individuals who cannot accept a commission or complete a period of active duty in the Armed Forces prescribed by the Secretary of the military department con-cerned to fulfill an obligation for active duty service in the Armed Forces through service as a civilian employee of the Department of Defense (c) P
OSITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The positions to which an el-igible individual may be appointed under a pilot program are existing positions within the De-partment of Defense in grades up to GS–9 under the General Schedule under section 5332 of title 5, United States Code (or equivalent). The au-thority in subsection (a) does not authorize the creation of additional positions, or create any vacancies to which eligible individuals may be appointed under a pilot program. (2) T
ERM POSITIONS .—Any appointment under a pilot program shall be to a position having a term of five years or less. (d) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .— (1) R
ECRUITMENT AND RETENTION OF ELIGIBLE  
INDIVIDUALS .—The authority in subsection (a) may be used only to the extent necessary to re-cruit and retain on a non-competitive basis ca-dets and midshipmen who are relieved of an ob-ligation for active duty in the Armed Forces due to becoming medically disqualified from serving on active duty in the Armed Forces, and may not be used to appoint any other individuals in the excepted service. (2) V
OLUNTARY ACCEPTANCE OF APPOINT -
MENTS .—A pilot program may not be used as an implicit or explicit basis for compelling an eligi-ble individual to accept an appointment in the excepted service in accordance with this section. (e) R
ELATIONSHIP TO REPAYMENT PROVI-
SIONS .—Completion of a term appointment pur-suant to a pilot program shall relieve the eligible individual concerned of any repayment obliga-tion under section 303a(e) or 373 of title 37, United States Code, with respect to the agree-ment of the individual described in subsection (b)(2)(B). (f) TERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority to appoint eli-gible individuals in the excepted service under a pilot program shall expire on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPOINTMENTS .—The termination by paragraph (1) of the authority in subsection (a) shall not affect any appointment made under that authority before the termi-nation date specified in paragraph (1) in ac-cordance with the terms of such appointment. 
SEC. 545. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ATTENDANCE OF AIR FORCE ENLISTED PERSONNEL AT AIR FORCE OFFICER PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION IN-RESI-DENCE COURSES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds author-ized to be appropriated or otherwise available for the Department of the Air Force may be obli-gated or expended for the purpose of the attend-ance of Air Force enlisted personnel at Air Force officer professional military education (PME) in-residence courses until the later of— (1) the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives, and to the Comptroller General of the United States, a report on the attendance of such personnel at such courses as described in subsection (b); (2) the date on which the Comptroller General submits to such committees the report setting forth an assessment of the report under para-graph (1) as described in subsection (c); or (3) 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) S
ECRETARY OF THE AIRFORCE REPORT .— The report of the Secretary described in sub-section (a)(1) shall include the following: (1) The purpose of the attendance of Air Force enlisted personnel at Air Force officer profes-sional military education in-residence courses. (2) The objectives for the attendance of such enlisted personnel at such officer professional military education courses. (3) The required prerequisites for such enlisted personnel to attend such officer professional military education courses. (4) The process for selecting such enlisted per-sonnel to attend such officer professional mili-tary education courses. (5) The impact of the attendance of such en-listed personnel at such officer professional mili-tary education courses on the availability of of-ficer allocations for the attendance of officers at such courses. (6) The impact of the attendance of such en-listed personnel at such officer professional mili-tary education courses on the morale and reten-tion of officers attending such courses. (7) The resources required for such enlisted personnel to attend such officer professional military education courses. (8) The impact on unit and overall Air Force manning levels of the attendance of such en-listed personnel at such officer professional mili-tary education courses, especially at the statu-torily-limited end strengths of grades E–8 and E–9. (9) The extent to which graduation by such enlisted personnel from such officer professional military education courses is a requirement for Air Force or joint assignments. (10) The planned assignment utilization for Air Force enlisted graduates of such officer pro-fessional military education courses. (11) Any other matters in connection with the attendance of such enlisted personnel at such officer professional military education courses that the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date the Secretary submits the report de-scribed in subsection (a)(1), the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on an assessment of the report by the Comptroller General. As soon as practicable after the briefing, the Comptroller General shall submit to such committees a report on such assessment for purposes of subsection (a)(2). (2) ELEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of whether the conclusions and assertions included in the report of the Sec-retary under subsection (a) are comprehensive, fully supported, and sufficiently detailed. (B) An identification of any shortcomings, limitations, or other reportable matters that af-fect the quality of the findings or conclusions of the report of the Secretary. 
SEC. 546. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTEGRATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND NON-FEDERAL EFFORTS FOR CIVIL-IAN EMPLOYMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOLLOWING TRANSITION FROM ACTIVE DUTY TO CIVILIAN LIFE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasability and advisability of assisting members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) who are undergoing the transition from active duty in the Armed Forces to civilian life by ac-celerating and improving their access to employ-ment following their transition to civilian life through the coordination, integration, and leveraging of existing programs and authorities of the Department of Defense for such purposes with programs and resources of State and local agencies, institutions of higher education, em-ployers, and other public, private, and nonprofit entities applicable to the pilot program. (2) E
XISTING COMMUNITY PROGRAMS AND RE -
SOURCES .—For purposes of this section, existing programs and resources of State and local agen-cies, institutions of higher education, employers, and other public, private, and nonprofit entities described in paragraph (1) in the vicinity of a location of the pilot program are referred to as the ‘‘existing community programs and re-sources’’ in that vicinity. (b) G
OALS.—The goals of the pilot program shall be as follows: (1) To facilitate the coordination of existing community programs and resources in the loca-tions of the pilot program in order to identify a model for the coordination of such programs and authorities that can be replicated nation-wide in communities in which members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) are un-dergoing the transition from active duty to civil-ian life. (2) To identify mechanisms by which the De-partment of Defense and existing community programs and resources may work with employ-ers and members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in order to— (A) identify workforce needs that may be sat-isfiable by such members following their transi-tion to civilian life; (B) identify military occupational skills that may satisfy the workforce needs identified pur-suant to subparagraph (A); and (C) identify gaps in the training of members of the Armed Forces that may require remediation in order to satisfy workforce needs identified pursuant to subparagraph (A), and identify mechanisms by which members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) may receive training to remediate such gaps. (3) To identify mechanisms to assist members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in bridging geographical gaps between their final military installations and nearby metro-politan areas in which employment and nec-essary training are likely to be available to such members during or following their transition to civilian life. (c) C
OVERED MEMBERS .—The members of the Armed Forces described in this subsection are the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5916 September 25, 2017 
(1) Regular members of the Armed Forces who are within 180 days of discharge or release from the Armed Forces. (2) Members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces (whether National Guard or Re-serve) who are on active duty for a period of more than 365 days and are within 180 days of release from such active duty. (d) L
OCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not less than five loca-tions selected by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program. (2) S
ELECTION REQUIREMENTS .—Each location selected pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) include a military installation— (i) that has a well-established military-civilian community relationship with the civilian com-munities nearby; and (ii) at which serves an appropriate population of members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c); (B) have a large employment or industry base that supports a variety of occupational opportu-nities; (C) have appropriate institutional infrastruc-ture for the provision of worker training; and (D) take place in a different geographic region of the United States. (e) E
LEMENTS .—At each location selected for the pilot program there shall be the following: (1) A mechanism to identify existing commu-nity programs and resources for participation in the pilot program, including programs and re-sources that are currently working with pro-grams and authorities of the Department of De-fense to assist members of the Armed Forces de-scribed in subsection (c), and, especially, pro-grams and resources that are recognized as en-gaging in best practices in working with such programs and authorities of the Department. (2) A mechanism to assess the willingness of employers in the vicinity of such location to participate in the pilot program and employ members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program following their transition to civilian life. (3) A mechanism to assess the willingness of the State in which such location is located to recognize military training for credit for profes-sional and occupational licenses. (4) A civilian community coordinator for the pilot program, who shall be responsible for im-plementation and execution of the pilot program for the Department, and for coordinating exist-ing community programs and resources, at such location by— (A) pursuing a multi-faceted outreach and en-gagement strategy that leverages relationships with appropriate public, private, and nonprofit entities in the vicinity of such location for pur-poses of the pilot program; (B) developing and implementing a program using existing resources, infrastructure, and ex-perience to maximize the benefits of the pilot program for members of the Armed Forces par-ticipating in the pilot program by minimizing the time required for completion of training pro-vided to such members under the pilot program, which program shall— (i) compliment continuing Department efforts to assist members of the Armed Forces in their transition from active duty in the Armed Forces to civilian life and to coordinate with existing veteran employment programs for purposes of such efforts; (ii) provide for the cultivation of a network of partners among the entities described in sub-paragraph (A) in order to maximize the number of opportunities for civilian employment for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program following their transition to civilian life; (iii) provide for the use of comprehensive as-sessments of the military experience gained by members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program in order to assist them in ob-taining civilian employment relating to their military occupations following their transition to civilian life; (iv) seek to secure for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program max-imum credit for prior military service in their pursuit of civilian employment following their transition to civilian life; (v) seek to eliminate unnecessary and redun-dant elements of the training provided for pur-poses of the pilot program to members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program; (vi) seek to minimize the time required for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program in obtaining skills, creden-tials, or certifications required for civilian em-ployment following their transition to civilian life; and (vii) provide for the continuous collection of data and feedback from employers in the vicin-ity of such location in order to tailor training provided to members of the Armed Forces for purposes of the pilot program to meet the needs of such employers. (5) A plan of action for delivering additional training and credentialing modules for members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in order to seek to provide such members with skills that are in high demand in the vicinity and region of such location. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the commencement of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. The report shall include, for each lo-cation selected for the pilot program pursuant to subsection (d), the following: (A) A full description of the pilot program, in-cluding— (i) the number of members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program; (ii) the outreach to public, private, and non-profit entities conducted for purposes of the pilot program to encourage such entities to par-ticipate in the pilot program; (iii) the entities participating in the pilot pro-gram, set forth by employment sector; (iv) the number of members participating in the pilot program who obtained employment with an entity participating in the pilot pro-gram, set forth by employment sector; (v) a description of any additional training provided to members participating in the pilot program for purposes of the pilot program, in-cluding the amount of time required for such additional training; and (vi) a description of the cost of the pilot pro-gram. (B) A current assessment of the effect of the pilot program on Department of Defense and community efforts to assist members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in ob-taining civilian employment following their transition to civilian life. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days be-fore the date on which the pilot program termi-nates, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an update of the re-port submitted under paragraph (1). (g) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Secretary to hire additional employees for the Department of Defense to carry out the pilot program. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the Sec-retary to carry out the pilot program shall ter-minate on the date that is two years after the date on which the pilot program commences. 
SEC. 547. TWO-YEAR EXTENSION OF SUICIDE PRE-VENTION AND RESILIENCE PRO-GRAM FOR THE NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVES. 
Section 10219(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. SEC. 548. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RE-SPONSE TRAINING FOR ALL INDIVID-UALS ENLISTED IN THE ARMED FORCES UNDER A DELAYED ENTRY PROGRAM. 
(a) T RAINING REQUIRED .—Commencing not later than January 1, 2018, each Secretary con-cerned shall, insofar as practicable, provide training on sexual assault prevention and re-sponse to each individual under the jurisdiction of such Secretary who is enlisted in the Armed Forces under a delayed entry program such that each such individual completes such training before the date of commencement of basic train-ing or initial active duty for training in the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The training provided pursu-ant to subsection (a) shall meet such require-ments as the Secretary of Defense shall establish for purposes of this section. Such training shall, to the extent practicable, be uniform across the Armed Forces. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS ON PROVISION AND NA -
TURE OF TRAINING .—It is the sense of Congress that the training should— (A) be provided through in-person instruction, whenever possible; and (B) include instruction on the proper use of social media. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘delayed entry program’’ means the following: (A) The Future Soldiers Program of the Army. (B) The Delayed Entry Program of the Navy and the Marine Corps. (C) The program of the Air Force for the de-layed entry of enlistees into the Air Force. (D) The program of the Coast Guard for the delayed entry of enlistees into the Coast Guard. (E) Any successor program to a program re-ferred to in subparagraphs (A) through (D). (2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 549. USE OF ASSISTANCE UNDER DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE TUITION ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM FOR NON-TRADI-TIONAL EDUCATION TO DEVELOP CYBERSECURITY AND COMPUTER CODING SKILLS. 
(a) B RIEFING ON USEREQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the feasability and advisability of the enactment into law of the authority described in subsection (b). (b) A
UTHORITY .—The authority described in this subsection is authority for a member of the Armed Forces who is eligible for tuition assist-ance under the Department of Defense Tuition Assistance (TA) Program to use such assistance at or with an educational institution described in subsection (c) for courses or programs of edu-cation of such educational institution in con-nection with the following: (1) Cybersecurity skills or related skills. (2) Computer coding skills or related skills. (c) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An educational institution described in this subsection is an educational institution not otherwise approved for participa-tion in the Department of Defense Tuition As-sistance Program that receives approval from the Department of Defense for participation in the program for courses or programs of edu-cation described in subsection (b). (2) A
PPROVAL .—Any approval of the partici-pation of an educational institution in the Pro-gram under this subsection would be granted by the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness in accordance with such guid-ance as the Under Secretary would issue for purposes of this section. (3) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Under Secretary would enter into a memo-randum of understanding with each educational 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5917 September 25, 2017 
institution approved for participation in the Program pursuant to this subsection regarding the participation of such educational institution in the Program. Each memorandum of under-standing would set forth such terms and condi-tions regarding the participation of the edu-cational institution concerned in the Program, including terms and conditions applicable to the courses or programs for which tuition assistance under the Program could be used, as the Under Secretary would consider appropriate for pur-poses of this section. (d) C
OURSES AND PROGRAMS .—The courses and programs of education for which tuition as-sistance could be used pursuant to the authority in subsection (b) would include the following: (1) Massive online open courses (MOOCs). (2) Short-term certification courses, including so-called computer coding ‘‘boot camps’’. (3) Such other non-traditional courses and programs of education leading to skills specified in subsection (b) as the Under Secretary would consider appropriate for purposes of this sec-tion. 
SEC. 550. SENSE OF SENATE ON INCREASING EN-ROLLMENT IN SENIOR RESERVE OF-FICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PRO-GRAMS AT MINORITY-SERVING IN-STITUTIONS. 
(a) S ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that the Armed Forces should take ap-propriate actions to increase enrollment in Sen-ior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (SROTC) programs at minority-serving institutions. (b) M
INORITY -SERVING INSTITUTION DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘minority-serv-ing institution’’ means an institution of higher education described in section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)). Subtitle F—Defense Dependents’ Education and Military Family Readiness Matters PART I—DEFENSE DEPENDENTS’ EDUCATION MATTERS 
SEC. 551. IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH SE-VERE DISABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide activities as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). (b) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNT .—Of the amount available under subsection (a) for payments as described in that subsection, $5,000,000 shall be available for such payments to local educational agencies determined by the Secretary of De-fense, in the discretion of the Secretary, to have higher concentrations of military children with severe disabilities. 
SEC. 552. CONTINUATION OF AUTHORITY TO AS-SIST LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGEN-CIES THAT BENEFIT DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES. 
(a) A SSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  N
UMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defense-wide ac-tivities as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4301, $25,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local edu-cational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). (b) L
OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). SEC. 553. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO THE TRANSITION AND SUPPORT OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS TO LOCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCIES. 
Section 574(c)(3) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. PART II—MILITARY FAMILY READINESS MATTERS 
SEC. 556. HOUSING TREATMENT FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES, AND THEIR SPOUSES AND OTHER DEPENDENTS, UNDERGOING A PER-MANENT CHANGE OF STATION WITH-IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) H OUSING TREATMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 7 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 403 the following new section: ‘‘§ 403a. Housing treatment for certain mem-bers of the armed forces, and their spouses and other dependents, undergoing a perma-nent change of station within the United States ‘‘(a) H
OUSING TREATMENT FOR CERTAIN MEM-
BERS WHOHAVE A SPOUSE OR OTHER DEPEND -
ENTS.— ‘‘(1) H
OUSING TREATMENT REGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations that permit a member of the armed forces de-scribed in paragraph (2) who is undergoing a permanent change of station within the United States to request the housing treatment de-scribed in subsection (b) during the covered relo-cation period of the member. ‘‘(2) E
LIGIBLE MEMBERS .—A member described in this paragraph is any member who— ‘‘(A) has a spouse who is gainfully employed or enrolled in a degree, certificate or license granting program at the beginning of the cov-ered relocation period; ‘‘(B) has one or more dependents attending an elementary or secondary school at the beginning of the covered relocation period; ‘‘(C) has one or more dependents enrolled in the Exceptional Family Member Program; or ‘‘(D) is caring for an immediate family member with a chronic or long-term illness at the begin-ning of the covered relocation period. ‘‘(b) H
OUSING TREATMENT .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTINUATION OF HOUSING FOR THE  
SPOUSE AND OTHER DEPENDENTS .—If a spouse or other dependent of a member whose request under subsection (a) is approved resides in Gov-ernment-owned or Government-leased housing at the beginning of the covered relocation pe-riod, the spouse or other dependent may con-tinue to reside in such housing during a period determined in accordance with the regulations prescribed pursuant to this section. ‘‘(2) E
ARLY HOUSING ELIGIBILITY .—If a spouse or other dependent of a member whose request under subsection (a) is approved is eligible to re-side in Government-owned or Government- leased housing following the member’s perma-nent change of station within the United States, the spouse or other dependent may commence residing in such housing at any time during the covered relocation period. ‘‘(3) T
EMPORARY USE OF GOVERNMENT -OWNED  
OR GOVERNMENT -LEASED HOUSING INTENDED FOR  
MEMBERS WITHOUT A SPOUSE OR DEPENDENT .—If a spouse or other dependent of a member relo-cates at a time different from the member in ac-cordance with a request approved under sub-section (a), the member may be assigned to Gov-ernment-owned or Government-leased housing intended for the permanent housing of members without a spouse or dependent until the mem-ber’s detachment date or the spouse or other de-pendent’s arrival date, but only if such Govern-ment-owned or Government-leased housing is available without displacing a member without a spouse or dependent at such housing. ‘‘(4) E
QUITABLE BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUS -
ING.—If a spouse or other dependent of a mem-ber relocates at a time different from the member in accordance with a request approved under subsection (a), the amount of basic allowance for housing payable may be based on whichever of the following areas the Secretary concerned determines to be the most equitable: ‘‘(A) The area of the duty station to which the member is reassigned. ‘‘(B) The area in which the spouse or other dependent resides, but only if the spouse or other dependent resides in that area when the member departs for the duty station to which the member is reassigned, and only for the pe-riod during which the spouse or other depend-ent resides in that area. ‘‘(C) The area of the former duty station of the member, but only if that area is different from the area in which the spouse or other de-pendent resides. ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO CER-
TAIN BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING PAY-
MENTS .—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit the payment or the amount of basic allowance for housing payable under sec-tion 403(d)(3)(A) of this title to a member whose request under subsection (a) is approved. ‘‘(d) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO COAST GUARD .—This section does not apply to members of the Coast Guard. ‘‘(e) H
OUSING TREATMENT EDUCATION .—The regulations prescribed pursuant to this section shall ensure the relocation assistance programs under section 1056 of title 10 include, as part of the assistance normally provided under such section, education about the housing treatment available under this section. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OVERED RELOCATION PERIOD .—(A) Sub- ject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘covered relo-cation period’, when used with respect to a per-manent change of station of a member of the armed forces, means the period that— ‘‘(i) begins 180 days before the date of the per-manent change of station; and ‘‘(ii) ends 180 days after the date of the per-manent change of station. ‘‘(B) The regulations prescribed pursuant to this section may provide for a shortening or lengthening of the covered relocation period of a member for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) D
EPENDENT .—The term ‘dependent’ has the meaning given that term in section 401 of this title. ‘‘(3) P
ERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION .—The term ‘permanent change of station’ means a per-manent change of station described in section 452(b)(2) of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 7 such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 403 the following new item: ‘‘403a. Housing treatment for certain members of the armed forces, and their spouses and other dependents, undergoing a permanent change of station within the United States.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 557. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE FOR CHILDCARE SERVICES PROVIDERS FOR DEPART-MENT CHILD DEVELOPMENT CEN-TERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, without regard to the provisions of sub-chapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, recruit and appoint qualified childcare services providers to positions within the De-partment of Defense child development centers. (b) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out this section in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary for purposes of this section. (c) D
EADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall prescribe the regulations re-quired by subsection (b), and commence imple-mentation of subsection (a), by not later than May 1, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5918 September 25, 2017 
(d) C HILDCARE SERVICES PROVIDER DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘childcare services provider’’ means a person who provides childcare services for dependent children of members of the Armed Forces and civilian em-ployees of the Department of Defense in child development centers on Department installa-tions. 
SEC. 558. REPORT ON EXPANDING AND CON-TRACTING FOR CHILDCARE SERV-ICES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an assess-ment, undertaken by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility and advisability of the following: (1) Expanding the operating hours of childcare facilities of the Department of Defense in order to meet childcare services requirements for swing-shift, night-shift, and weekend work-ers. (2) Using contracts with private-sector childcare services providers to expand the avail-ability of childcare services for members of the Armed Forces at locations outside military in-stallations at costs similar to the current costs for childcare services through child development centers on military installations. (3) Contracting with private-sector childcare services providers to operate childcare facilities of the Department on military installations. (4) Expanding childcare services as described in paragraphs (1) through (3) to members of the National Guard and Reserves in a manner that does not substantially raise costs of childcare services for the military departments or conflict with others who have a higher priority for space in childcare services programs, such as members of the Armed Forces on active duty. 
SEC. 559. REPORT ON REVIEW OF GENERAL SCHEDULE PAY GRADES OF CHILDCARE SERVICES PROVIDERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on a review, undertaken by the Secretary for pur-poses of the report, of the General Schedule pay grades for childcare services provider positions within the Department of Defense. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The review under-taken for purposes of subsection (a) shall in-clude the following: (1) A comparison of the compensation pro-vided for current General Schedule pay grades for childcare services provider positions within the Department with the compensation provided to childcare services providers in the private sec-tor providing similar childcare services. (2) An assessment of the mix of General Schedule pay grades currently required by the Department to most effectively recruit and re-tain childcare services providers for military de-pendents. (3) A comparison of the budget implications of the current General Schedule pay grade mix with the General Schedule pay grade mix deter-mined pursuant to paragraph (2) to be required by the Department to most effectively recruit and retain childcare services providers for mili-tary dependents. 
SEC. 560. PILOT PROGRAM ON PUBLIC-PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS FOR TELEWORK FA-CILITIES ON MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Commencing not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasability and ad-visability of providing telework facilities for military spouses on military installations out-side the United States. The Secretary shall con-sult with the host nation or nations concerned in carrying out the pilot program. (b) NUMBER OF INSTALLATIONS .—The Sec- retary shall carry out the pilot program at not less than two military installations outside the United States selected by the Secretary for pur-poses of the pilot program. (c) D
URATION .—The duration of the pilot pro-gram shall be a period selected by the Secretary, but not more than three years. (d) E
LEMENTS .—The pilot program shall in-clude the following elements: (1) The pilot program shall be conducted as one or more public-private partnerships between the Department of Defense and a private cor-poration or partnership of private corporations. (2) The corporation or corporations partici-pating in the pilot program shall contribute to the carrying out of the pilot program an amount equal to the amount committed by the Secretary to the pilot program at the time of its commence-ment. (3) The Secretary shall enter into one or more memoranda of understanding with the corpora-tion or corporations participating in the pilot program for purposes of the pilot program, in-cluding the amounts to be contributed by such corporation or corporations pursuant to para-graph (2). (4) The telework undertaken by military spouses under the pilot program may only be for United States companies. (5) The pilot program shall permit military spouses to provide administrative, informational technology, professional, and other necessary support to companies through telework from De-partment installations outside the United States. (e) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 401 and available for military personnel as specified in the funding table in section 4401, up to $1,000,000 may be available to carry out the pilot program, including entry into memoranda of understanding pursuant to subsection (d)(3) and payment by the Secretary of the amount com-mitted by the Secretary to the pilot program pursuant to subsection (d)(2). 
SEC. 561. REPORT ON MECHANISMS TO FACILI-TATE THE OBTAINING BY MILITARY SPOUSES OF PROFESSIONAL LI-CENSES OR CREDENTIALS IN OTHER STATES. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth an assess-ment of the feasability and advisability of the following: (1) The development and maintenance of a joint Federal-State clearing house to process the professional license and credential information of military spouses in order— (A) to facilitate the matching of such informa-tion with State professional licensure and credentialing requirements; and (B) to provide military spouses information on the actions required to obtain professional li-censes or credentials in other States. (2) The establishment of a joint Federal-State taskforce dedicated to the elimination of unnec-essary or duplicative professional licensure and credentialing requirements among the States. (3) The development and maintenance of an Internet website that serves as a one-stop re-source on professional licenses and credentials for military spouses that sets forth license and credential requirements for common professions in the States and provides assistance and other resources for military spouses seeking to obtain professional licenses or credentials in other States. 
SEC. 562. ADDITIONAL MILITARY CHILDCARE MATTERS. 
(a) H OURS OF OPERATION OF CHILDCARE DE-
VELOPMENT CENTERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF  D
EFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The hours of operation of each childcare development center (CDC) of the Department of Defense shall, to the extent prac-ticable, be set and maintained in manner that takes into account the demands and cir-cumstances of members of the Armed Forces, in-cluding members of the reserve components, who use such center in facilitation of the perform-ance of their military duties. (2) MATTERS TO BE TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .— The demands and circumstances to be taken into account under paragraph (1) for purposes of setting and maintaining the hours of oper-ation of a childcare development center shall in-clude the following: (A) Mission requirements of units whose mem-bers use such center. (B) The unpredictability of work schedules, and fluctuations in day-to-day work hours, of such members. (C) The potential for frequent and prolonged absences of such members for training, oper-ations, and deployments. (D) The location of such center on the mili-tary installation concerned, including the loca-tion in connection with duty locations of mem-bers and applicable military family housing. (E) The geographic separation of such mem-bers from their extended family. (F) The impact on the ability of such members to perform their military duties of employment of their spouses or educational pursuits of their spouses. (G) Such other matters as the Secretary of the military department concerned considers appro-priate for purposes of this subsection. (b) C
HILDCARE COORDINATORS FOR MILITARY  I
NSTALLATIONS .— (1) C
HILDCARE COORDINATORS .—Each Sec-retary of a military department shall provide for a childcare coordinator at each military instal-lation under the jurisdiction of such Secretary at which are stationed significant numbers of members of the Armed Forces with accom-panying dependent children, as determined by such Secretary. (2) N
ATURE OF POSITION .—The childcare coor-dinator for a military installation may be an in-dividual appointed to that position on full-time or part-time basis or an individual appointed to another position whose duties in such other po-sition are consistent with the discharge by the person of the duties of childcare coordinator. (3) D
UTIES .—Each childcare coordinator for an installation shall carry out the duties as fol-lows: (A) Act as an advocate for military families at the installation on childcare matters both on-in-stallation and off-installation. (B) Work with the commander of the installa-tion in order to seek to ensure that the childcare development centers at the installation, together with any other available childcare options on or in the vicinity of the installation— (i) provide a quality of care (including a care-giver-to-child ratio) commensurate with best practices of private providers of childcare serv-ices; and (ii) are responsive to the childcare needs of members stationed at the installation and their families. (C) Work with private providers of childcare services in the vicinity of the installation in order to— (i) track vacancies in the childcare facilities of such providers; (ii) seek to increase the availability of afford-able childcare services for such members; and (iii) otherwise ease the use of such services by such members. (D) Such other duties as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify. 
SEC. 563. MECHANISMS TO FACILITATE THE OB-TAINING BY MILITARY SPOUSES OF OCCUPATIONAL LICENSES OR CRE-DENTIALS IN OTHER STATES. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) develop and maintain a joint Federal-State clearing house to process the occupational li-cense and credential information of military spouses in order— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5919 September 25, 2017 
(A) to facilitate the matching of such informa-tion with State occupational licensure and credentialing requirements; and (B) to provide military spouses information on the actions required to obtain occupational li-censes or credentials in other States; (2) develop and maintain an Internet website that serves as a one-stop resource on occupa-tional licenses and credentials for military spouses that sets forth license and credential re-quirements for common occupations in the States and provides assistance and other re-sources for military spouses seeking to obtain occupational licenses or credentials in other States; and (3) submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report setting forth an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of the establishment of a joint Federal-State task force dedicated to the elimination of unnecessary or duplicative occupational licensure and credentialing re-quirements among the States, including through the use of alternative, less restrictive and bur-densome forms of occupational regulation. Subtitle G—Decorations and Awards 
SEC. 571. AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF THE ARMY TO AWARD THE PERSONNEL PROTECTION EQUIPMENT AWARD OF THE ARMY TO FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMY. 
Notwithstanding any requirement in section 1125 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the award of awards only to current members of the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the Personnel Protection Equipment (PPE) award of the Army to former members of the Army. 
SEC. 572. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF DIS-TINGUISHED SERVICE CROSS TO SPECIALIST FRANK M. CRARY FOR ACTS OF VALOR IN VIETNAM. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limita-tion with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Distin-guished Service Cross under section 3742 of such title to Specialist Frank M. Crary for the acts of valor in Vietnam described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Frank M. Crary on April 7, 1966, as a member of the Army serving in the grade of Spe-cialist in Vietnam while serving with Company D, 1st Battalion (Airborne), 12th Cavalry Regi-ment, 1st Cavalry Division. Subtitle H—Other Matters 
SEC. 581. MODIFICATION OF SUBMITTAL DATE OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON INTEG-RITY OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE WHISTLEBLOWER PROGRAM. 
Section 536(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2124) is amended by striking ‘‘18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 582. REPORT TO CONGRESS ON ACCOM-PANIED AND UNACCOMPANIED TOURS OF DUTY IN REMOTE LOCA-TIONS WITH HIGH FAMILY SUPPORT COSTS. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report setting forth a comparative analysis, undertaken by the Secretary for pur-poses of the report, of accompanied tours of duty and unaccompanied tours of duty of mem-bers of the Armed Forces in remote locations with high family support costs (including facil-ity construction and operation costs), including the following: (1) United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (2) Kwajalein Atoll. (3) Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar. SEC. 583. AUTHORIZATION OF SUPPORT FOR BE-YOND YELLOW RIBBON PROGRAMS. 
Section 582 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (k) and (l) as subsections (l) and (m), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (j) the fol-lowing new subsection (k): ‘‘(k) S
UPPORT FOR BEYOND YELLOW RIBBON  P
ROGRAMS .—The Secretary of Defense may award grants to States to carry out programs that provide deployment cycle information, serv-ices, and referrals to members of reserve compo-nents of the Armed Forces, members of active components of the Armed Forces, and the fami-lies of such members throughout the deployment cycle. Such programs may include the provision of access to outreach services, including the fol-lowing: ‘‘(1) Employment counseling. ‘‘(2) Behavioral health counseling. ‘‘(3) Suicide prevention. ‘‘(4) Housing advocacy. ‘‘(5) Financial counseling. ‘‘(6) Referrals to for the receipt of other serv-ices.’’. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances 
SEC. 601. FISCAL YEAR 2018 INCREASE IN MILI-TARY BASIC PAY. 
(a) W AIVER OF SECTION 1009 A DJUSTMENT .— The adjustment to become effective during fiscal year 2018 required by section 1009 of title 37, United States Code, in the rates of monthly basic pay authorized members of the uniformed services shall not be made. (b) I
NCREASE IN BASICPAY.—Effective on Jan-uary 1, 2018, the rates of monthly basic pay for members of the uniformed services are increased by 2.1 percent. 
SEC. 602. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 603. ADJUSTMENT TO BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING AT WITH DEPEND-ENTS RATE OF CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(p) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR WITH DEPENDENTS  R
ATE OF CERTAIN MEMBERS .—A member who is married to another member, is assigned to the same geographic location as such other member, and has one or more dependent children with such other member is not eligible for a basic al-lowance for housing at the with dependents rate.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2017, and shall, except as provided in paragraph (2), apply with respect to allowances for basic housing payable for months beginning on or after that date. (2) P
RESERVATION OF CURRENT BAH FOR MEM -
BERS WITH UNINTERRUPTED ELIGIBILITY FOR  
BAH.—Notwithstanding the amendment made by subsection (a), the monthly amount of basic al-lowance for housing payable to a member of the uniformed services under section 403 of title 37, United States Code, as of September 30, 2017, shall not be reduced by reason of the amend-ment so long as the member retains uninter-rupted eligibility for such basic allowance for housing within an area of the United States or within an overseas location (as applicable). SEC. 604. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF PRESIDENT TO DETERMINE ALTER-NATIVE PAY ADJUSTMENT IN AN-NUAL BASIC PAY OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .—Section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or serious economic conditions affecting the general wel-fare’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and— (1) if the date of the enactment of this Act oc-curs before September 1 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay adjust-ments for any year beginning after such year; and (2) if the date of the enactment of this Act oc-curs after August 31 of a year, shall apply with respect to plans for alternative pay adjustments for any year beginning after the year following such year. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special and Incentive Pays 
SEC. 611. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR RESERVE FORCES. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’: (1) Section 308b(g), relating to Selected Re-serve reenlistment bonus. (2) Section 308c(i), relating to Selected Reserve affiliation or enlistment bonus. (3) Section 308d(c), relating to special pay for enlisted members assigned to certain high-pri-ority units. (4) Section 308g(f)(2), relating to Ready Re-serve enlistment bonus for persons without prior service. (5) Section 308h(e), relating to Ready Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. (6) Section 308i(f), relating to Selected Reserve enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. (7) Section 478a(e), relating to reimbursement of travel expenses for inactive-duty training outside of normal commuting distance. (8) Section 910(g), relating to income replace-ment payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service. 
SEC. 612. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFES-SIONALS. 
(a) T ITLE10 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-tions of title 10, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse offi-cer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (b) T
ITLE37 A UTHORITIES .—The following sec-tions of title 37, United States Code, are amend-ed by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’: (1) Section 302c–1(f), relating to accession and retention bonuses for psychologists. (2) Section 302d(a)(1), relating to accession bonus for registered nurses. (3) Section 302e(a)(1), relating to incentive special pay for nurse anesthetists. (4) Section 302g(e), relating to special pay for Selected Reserve health professionals in criti-cally short wartime specialties. (5) Section 302h(a)(1), relating to accession bonus for dental officers. (6) Section 302j(a), relating to accession bonus for pharmacy officers. (7) Section 302k(f), relating to accession bonus for medical officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5920 September 25, 2017 
(8) Section 302l(g), relating to accession bonus for dental specialist officers in critically short wartime specialties. 
SEC. 613. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF SPECIAL PAY AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR NU-CLEAR OFFICERS. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’: (1) Section 312(f), relating to special pay for nuclear-qualified officers extending period of active service. (2) Section 312b(c), relating to nuclear career accession bonus. (3) Section 312c(d), relating to nuclear career annual incentive bonus. 
SEC. 614. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLI-DATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 333(i), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for nuclear offi-cers. (4) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (5) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (6) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (7) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (8) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (9) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive pay or proficiency bonus. (10) Section 355(h), relating to retention incen-tives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. 
SEC. 615. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’: (1) Section 301b(a), relating to aviation officer retention bonus. (2) Section 307a(g), relating to assignment in-centive pay. (3) Section 308(g), relating to reenlistment bonus for active members. (4) Section 309(e), relating to enlistment bonus. (5) Section 316a(g), relating to incentive pay for members of precommissioning programs pur-suing foreign language proficiency. (6) Section 324(g), relating to accession bonus for new officers in critical skills. (7) Section 326(g), relating to incentive bonus for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. (8) Section 327(h), relating to incentive bonus for transfer between Armed Forces. (9) Section 330(f), relating to accession bonus for officer candidates. 
SEC. 616. AVIATION BONUS MATTERS. 
Section 334(c) of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) B
USINESS CASE FOR PAYMENT OF AVIATION  
BONUS AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the avia-tion bonus payable under paragraph (1)(B) under agreements entered into under subsection (d) during a fiscal year shall be determined sole-ly through a business case analysis of the amount required to be paid under such agree-ments in order to address anticipated manning shortfalls for such fiscal year by aircraft type category. ‘‘(B) BUDGET JUSTIFICATION DOCUMENTS .—The budget justification documents in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year (as sub-mitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31) shall set forth for each uniformed serv-ice the following: ‘‘(i) The amount requested for the payment of aviation bonuses under this section using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the fiscal year concerned by aircraft type category. ‘‘(ii) The business case analysis supporting the amount so requested by aircraft type cat-egory. ‘‘(iii) For each aircraft type category, whether or not the amount requested will permit the pay-ment during the fiscal year concerned of the maximum amount of the aviation bonus author-ized by paragraph (1). ‘‘(iv) If any amount requested is to address manning shortfalls, a description of any plans of the Secretary concerned to address such shortfalls by non-monetary means. ‘‘(3) T
IERED LIMITATION ON MAXIMUM AMOUNT  
OF AVIATION BONUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The maximum amount of the aviation bonus payable under paragraph (1)(B) under agreements entered into under sub-section (d) during a fiscal year shall vary by an-ticipated manning shortfalls for such fiscal year by aircraft type category. The variance shall be stated by tier correlating maximum bonus amounts with anticipated manning and reten-tion levels, as follows: ‘‘(i) Maximum amount payable (known as ‘Tier I’) is the amount specified for the fiscal year concerned by paragraph (1)(B) and is pay-able under agreements for duty by aircraft type category in which— ‘‘(I) the projected manning level for the fiscal year does not exceed 90 percent of the required manning level; or ‘‘(II) the two-year retention trend for per-sonnel performing such duty does not exceed 50 percent. ‘‘(ii) Maximum amount payable (known as ‘Tier II’) is an amount equal to 68 percent of the amount specified for the fiscal year concerned by paragraph (1)(B) and is payable under agree-ments for duty by aircraft type category in which— ‘‘(I) the projected manning level for the fiscal year is between 90 and 95 percent of the required manning level; or ‘‘(II) the two-year retention trend for per-sonnel performing such duty is between 50 and 55 percent. ‘‘(iii) Maximum amount payable (known as ‘Tier III’) is an amount equal to 34 percent of the amount specified for the fiscal year con-cerned by paragraph (1)(B) and is payable under agreements for duty by aircraft type cat-egory in which— ‘‘(I) the projected manning level for the fiscal year is between 95 and 100 percent of the re-quired manning level; or ‘‘(II) the two-year retention trend for per-sonnel performing such duty is between 55 and 65 percent. ‘‘(iv) Maximum amount payable (known as ‘Tier IV’) is zero for duty by aircraft type cat-egory in which— ‘‘(I) the projected manning level for the fiscal year is 100 percent or more of the required man-ning level; or ‘‘(II) the two-year retention trend for per-sonnel performing such duty exceeds 65 percent. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL NUMBER OF AGREE -
MENTS PROVIDING FOR TIER I PAYMENT .—In no event may all the agreements entered into under subsection (d) during a fiscal year by a Sec-retary concerned provide for a maximum amount payable as described in subparagraph (A)(i).’’. SEC. 617. SPECIAL AVIATION INCENTIVE PAY AND BONUS AUTHORITIES FOR ENLISTED MEMBERS WHO PILOT REMOTELY PI-LOTED AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting after sec-tion 334 the following new section: ‘‘§ 334a. Special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities: enlisted members who pilot remotely piloted aircraft ‘‘(a) A
VIATION INCENTIVE PAY.— ‘‘(1) I
NCENTIVE PAY AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary concerned may pay aviation incentive pay under this section to an enlisted member in a regular or reserve component of a uniformed service who— ‘‘(A) is entitled to basic pay under section 204 of this title or compensation under 206 of this title; ‘‘(B) is designated as a remotely piloted air-craft pilot, or is in training leading to such a designation; ‘‘(C) engages in, or is in training leading to, frequent and regular performance of operational flying duty or proficiency flying duty; ‘‘(D) engages in or remains in aviation service for a specified period; and ‘‘(E) meets such other criteria as the Secretary concerned determines appropriate. ‘‘(2) E
NLISTED MEMBERS NOT CURRENTLY EN -
GAGED IN FLYING DUTY .—The Secretary con-cerned may pay aviation incentive pay under this section to an enlisted member who is other-wise qualified for such pay but who is not cur-rently engaged in the performance of oper-ational flying duty or proficiency flying duty if the Secretary determines, under regulations pre-scribed under section 374 of this title, that pay-ment of aviation pay to that enlisted member is in the best interests of the service. ‘‘(b) A
VIATION BONUS.—The Secretary con-cerned may pay an aviation bonus under this section to an enlisted member in a regular or re-serve component of a uniformed service who— ‘‘(1) is entitled to aviation incentive pay under subsection (a); ‘‘(2) is within one year of completing the mem-ber’s enlistment; ‘‘(3) reenlists or voluntarily extends the mem-ber’s enlistment for a period of at least one year or, in the case of an enlisted member serving pursuant to an indefinite reenlistment, executes a written agreement to remain on active duty for a period of at least one year or to remain in an active status in a reserve component for a pe-riod of at least one year; and ‘‘(4) meets such other criteria as the Secretary concerned determines appropriate. ‘‘(c) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT AND METHOD OF PAY-
MENT .— ‘‘(1) M
AXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Secretary con-cerned shall determine the amount of a bonus or incentive pay to be paid under this section, ex-cept that— ‘‘(A) aviation incentive pay under subsection (a) shall be paid at a monthly rate not to exceed $1,000 per month; and ‘‘(B) an aviation bonus under subsection (b) may not exceed $35,000 for each 12-month period of obligated service agreed to under subsection (d). ‘‘(2) B
USINESS CASE FOR PAYMENT OF AVIATION  
BONUS AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the avia-tion bonus payable under paragraph (1)(B) under agreements entered into under subsection (d) during a fiscal year shall be determined sole-ly through a business case analysis of the amount required to be paid under such agree-ments in order to address anticipated manning shortfalls for such fiscal year by aircraft type category. ‘‘(B) B
UDGET JUSTIFICATION DOCUMENTS .—The budget justification documents in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year (as sub-mitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31) shall set forth for each uniformed serv-ice the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5921 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(i) The amount requested for the payment of aviation bonuses under this section using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the fiscal year concerned by aircraft type category. ‘‘(ii) The business case analysis supporting the amount so requested by aircraft type cat-egory. ‘‘(iii) For each aircraft type category, whether or not the amount requested will permit the pay-ment during the fiscal year concerned of the maximum amount of the aviation bonus author-ized by paragraph (1). ‘‘(iv) If any amount requested is to address manning shortfalls, a description of any plans of the Secretary concerned to address such shortfalls by non-monetary means. ‘‘(3) L
UMP SUM OR INSTALLMENTS .—A bonus under this section may be paid in a lump sum or in periodic installments, as determined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(4) F
IXING BONUS AMOUNT .—Upon accept-ance by the Secretary concerned of the written agreement required by subsection (d), the total amount of the bonus to be paid under the agree-ment shall be fixed. ‘‘(d) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT FOR BONUS.—To re- ceive an aviation bonus under this section, an enlisted member determined to be eligible for the bonus shall enter into a written agreement with the Secretary concerned that specifies— ‘‘(1) the amount of the bonus; ‘‘(2) the method of payment of the bonus under subsection (c)(2); ‘‘(3) the period of obligated service; and ‘‘(4) the type or conditions of the service. ‘‘(e) R
ESERVE COMPONENT ENLISTED MEMBERS  P
ERFORMING INACTIVE DUTYTRAINING .—An en- listed member of reserve component who is enti-tled to compensation under section 206 of this title and who is authorized aviation incentive pay under this section may be paid an amount of incentive pay that is proportionate to the compensation received under section 206 of this title for inactive-duty training. ‘‘(f) R
ELATIONSHIP TO OTHER PAY AND ALLOW -
ANCES .— ‘‘(1) A
VIATION INCENTIVE PAY .—Aviation in-centive pay paid to an enlisted member under subsection (a) shall be in addition to any other pay and allowance to which the enlisted member is entitled, except that an enlisted member may not receive a payment under such subsection and section 351(a)(2) or 353(a) of this title for the same skill and period of service. ‘‘(2) A
VIATION BONUS .—An aviation bonus paid to an enlisted member under subsection (b) shall be in addition to any other pay and allow-ance to which the enlisted member is entitled, except that an enlisted member may not receive a bonus payment under such subsection and section 331 or 353(b) of this title for the same skill and period of service. ‘‘(g) R
EPAYMENT .—An enlisted member who receives aviation incentive pay or an aviation bonus under this section and who fails to fulfill the eligibility requirements for the receipt of the incentive pay or bonus or complete the period of service for which the incentive pay or bonus is paid, as specified in the written agreement under subsection (d) in the case of a bonus, shall be subject to the repayment provisions of section 373 of this title. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
VIATION SERVICE .—The term ‘aviation service’ means participation in aerial flight per-formed, under regulations prescribed by the Sec-retary concerned, by an eligible enlisted member remotely piloted aircraft pilot. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL FLYING DUTY .—The term ‘operational flying duty’ means flying per-formed under competent orders by enlisted mem-bers of the regular or reserve components while serving in assignments in which basic flying skills are normally maintained in the perform-ance of assigned duties as determined by the Secretary concerned, and flying duty performed by members in training that leads to designation as a remotely piloted aircraft pilot by the Sec-retary concerned. ‘‘(3) PROFICIENCY FLYING DUTY .—The term ‘proficiency flying duty’ means flying performed under competent orders by enlisted members of the regular or reserve components while serving in assignments in which such skills would nor-mally not be maintained in the performance of assigned duties. ‘‘(i) T
ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—No agree- ment may be entered into under this section after December 31, 2018.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 5 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 334 the following new item: ‘‘334a. Special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities: enlisted members who pilot remotely piloted aircraft.’’. 
SEC. 618. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS RELATING TO 2008 CONSOLI-DATION OF SPECIAL PAY AUTHORI-TIES. 
(a) R EPAYMENT PROVISIONS .— (1) T
ITLE 10 .—The following provisions of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by in-serting ‘‘or 373’’ before ‘‘of title 37’’: (A) Section 510(i). (B) Subsections (a)(3) and (c) of section 2005. (C) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2007(e). (D) Section 2105. (E) Section 2123(e)(1)(C). (F) Section 2128(c). (G) Section 2130a(d). (H) Section 2171(g). (I) Section 2173(g)(2). (J) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2200a(e). (K) Section 4348(f). (L) Section 6959(f). (M) Section 9348(f). (N) Subsections (a)(2) and (b) of section 16135. (O) Section 16203(a)(1)(B). (P) Section 16301(h). (Q) Section 16303(d). (R) Paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 16401(f). (2) T
ITLE 14 .—Section 182(g) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 373’’ before ‘‘of title 37’’. (b) O
FFICERS APPOINTED PURSUANT TO AN  A
GREEMENT UNDER SECTION 329 OFTITLE 37.— Section 641 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (6). (c) R
EENLISTMENT LEAVE.—The matter pre-ceding paragraph (1) of section 703(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or paragraph (1) or (3) of section 351(a)’’ after ‘‘section 310(a)(2)’’. (d) R
EST AND RECUPERATION ABSENCE FOR  Q
UALIFIED MEMBERS EXTENDING DUTY AT DES-
IGNATED LOCATION OVERSEAS .—The matter fol-lowing paragraph (4) of section 705(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 314’’. (e) R
EST AND RECUPERATION ABSENCE FOR  C
ERTAIN MEMBERS UNDERGOING EXTENDED DE-
PLOYMENT TO COMBAT ZONE.—Section 705a(b)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or 352(a)’’ after ‘‘section 305’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL INCENTIVES FOR HEALTH PRO-
FESSIONALS OF THE INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE .— Section 116(a) of the Indian Health Care Im-provement Act (25 U.S.C. 1616i(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 335(b)’’ after ‘‘section 302(b)’’. (g) M
ILITARY PAY AND ALLOWANCES CONTINU -
ANCE WHILE IN A MISSING STATUS .—Section 552(a)(2) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or section 351(a)(2)’’ after ‘‘section 301’’. (h) M
ILITARY PAY AND ALLOWANCES .—Section 907(d) of title 37, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 351’’ after ‘‘section 301’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 301c’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or 353(a)’’ after ‘‘section 304’’; (D) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 305’’; (E) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 305a’’; (F) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 305b’’; (G) in subparagraph (G), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 307a’’; (H) in subparagraph (I), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 314’’; (I) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘316’’ and inserting ‘‘353(b)’’; and (J) in subparagraph (K), by striking ‘‘323’’ and inserting ‘‘section 355’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or 352’’ after ‘‘section 307’’; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘308’’ and inserting ‘‘331’’; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘309’’ and inserting ‘‘331’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘or 353’’ after ‘‘section 320’’. (i) PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS OF THE  P
UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE .—Section 208(a)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 210(a)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 373’’ after ‘‘303a(b)’’. Subtitle C—Disability Pay, Retired Pay, and Survivor Benefits PART I—AMENDMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH RETIRED PAY REFORM 
SEC. 631. ADJUSTMENTS TO SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN FOR MEMBERS ELECTING LUMP SUM PAYMENTS OF RETIRED PAY UNDER THE MODERNIZED RE-TIREMENT SYSTEM FOR MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF BASE AMOUNT .—Section 1447(6)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding clause (i) by inserting ‘‘or 1415(b)(1)(B)’’ after ‘‘section 1409(b)(2)’’. (b) C
OORDINATION WITHREDUCTIONS IN RE-
TIRED PAY.—Section 1452 of such title is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, other than retired pay received as a lump sum under section 1415(b)(1)(A) of this title,’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) after ‘‘, the retired pay’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘, other than retired pay received as a lump sum under section 1415(b)(1)(A) of this title,’’ after ‘‘The re-tired pay’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, other than retired pay received as a lump sum under section 1415(b)(1)(A) of this title,’’ after ‘‘The re-tired pay’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or 1415(b)(1)(B)’’ after ‘‘section 1409(b)(2)’’. 
SEC. 632. TECHNICAL CORRECTION REGARDING ELECTION TO PARTICIPATE IN MOD-ERNIZED RETIREMENT SYSTEM FOR RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS EX-PERIENCING A BREAK IN SERVICE. 
(a) P ERSONS EXPERIENCING A BREAK IN SERV-
ICE.—Section 12739(f)(2)(B)(iii) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘on the date of the reentry’’ and inserting ‘‘within 30 days after the date of the reentry’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2018, immediately after the coming into effect of the amendment made by section 631(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 843), to which the amendment made by subsection (a) relates. 
SEC. 633. PROMOTION OF FINANCIAL LITERACY CONCERNING RETIREMENT AMONG MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P ROGRAMS FOR PROMOTION REQUIRED .— The Secretary of Defense shall develop programs of financial literacy for members of the Armed Forces to assist members in better understanding retirement options and planning for retirement. (b) I
NFORMATION ON COMPARATIVE VALUE OF  L
UMP SUM AND MONTHLY PAYMENTS OF RE-
TIRED PAYWITHCONVENTIONAL RETIRED PAY.— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5922 September 25, 2017 
The Secretary of Defense shall develop informa-tion to be provided to members of the Armed Forces who are eligible to make the election pro-vided for in subsection (b)(1) of section 1415 of title 10, United States Code, to assist such mem-bers in making an informed comparison for pur-poses of the election between the following: (1) The value of the lump sum payment of re-tired pay and monthly payments provided for in such subsection (b)(1) by reason of the election, including the manner in which the lump sum and such monthly payments are determined for any particular member. (2) The value of retired pay payable under subsection (d) of such section in the absence of the election, including the manner in which such retired pay is determined for any par-ticular member. PART II—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 636. AUTHORITY FOR THE SECRETARIES OF THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS TO PROVIDE FOR CARE OF REMAINS OF THOSE WHO DIE ON ACTIVE DUTY AND ARE INTERRED IN A FOREIGN CEMETERY. 
Section 1482(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) In the case of a decedent under the ju-risdiction of a Secretary of a military depart-ment at the time of death, enduring care of re-mains interred in a foreign cemetery if the bur-ial location was designated by such Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 637. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO USE OF MEMBER’S CURRENT PAY GRADE AND YEARS OF SERVICE IN A DIVI-SION OF PROPERTY INVOLVING DIS-POSABLE RETIRED PAY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i) of sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘(as determined pur-suant to subparagraph (B)’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A), in the case of a division of property as part of a final decree of divorce, dissolution, annulment, or legal separation that becomes final prior to the date of a member’s retirement, the total monthly retired pay to which the member is entitled shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of a member not described in clause (ii), the amount of retired pay to which the member would have been entitled using the member’s retired pay base and years of service on the date of the decree of divorce, dissolution, annulment, or legal separation, as computed under section 1406 or 1407 of this title, which-ever is applicable, increased by the sum of the cost-of-living adjustments that— ‘‘(I) would have occurred under section 1401a(b) of this title between the date of the de-cree of divorce, dissolution, annulment, or legal separation and the time of the member’s retire-ment using the adjustment provisions under sec-tion 1401a of this title applicable to the member upon retirement; and ‘‘(II) occur under 1401a of this title after the member’s retirement; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a member who becomes en-titled to retired pay pursuant to chapter 1223 of this title, the amount of retired pay to which the member would have been entitled using the member’s retired pay base and creditable service points on the date of the decree of divorce, dis-solution, annulment, or legal separation, as computer under chapter 1223 of this title, in-creased by the sum of the cost-of-living adjust-ments as described in clause (i) that apply with respect to the member.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) A division of property award computed as a percentage of a member’s disposable retired pay shall be increased by the same percentage as any cost-of-living adjustment made under section 1401a after the member’s retirement.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on December 23, 2016, as if enacted immediately following the enactment of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328) to which such amendments relate. (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any division of property as part of a final decree of divorce, dissolution, annulment, or legal separa-tion involving a member of the Armed Forces to which section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, applies that becomes final after December 23, 2016. 
SEC. 638. PERMANENT EXTENSION AND COST-OF- LIVING ADJUSTMENTS OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY ALLOWANCES UNDER THE SURVIVOR BENEFIT PLAN. 
Section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) by striking subparagraph (I) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(I) for months from October 2016 through De-cember 2018, $310; and ‘‘(J) for months during any calendar year after 2018, the amount determined in accordance with paragraph (6).’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (6) and inserting the following new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) C
OST-OF-LIVING ADJUSTMENTS AFTER  
2018.— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The amount of the allow-ance payable under paragraph (1) for months during any calendar year beginning after 2018 shall be— ‘‘(i) the amount payable pursuant to para-graph (2) for months during the preceding cal-endar year, plus ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to the percentage of the amount determined pursuant to clause (i) which percentage is equal to the percentage increase in retired pay of members and former members of the armed forces for such calendar year under section 1401a of this title. ‘‘(B) P
UBLIC NOTICE ON AMOUNT OF ALLOW -
ANCE PAYABLE .—The Secretary of Defense shall publish in the Federal Register each year the amount of the allowance payable under para-graph (1) for months in such year by reason of the operation of this paragraph.’’. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 651. CONSTRUCTION OF DOMESTIC SOURCE REQUIREMENT FOR FOOTWEAR FUR-NISHED TO ENLISTED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON INITIAL ENTRY INTO THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 418(d) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) This subsection does not apply to the fur-nishing of athletic footwear to the members of the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, or the Ma-rine Corps upon their initial entry into the armed forces, or prohibit the provision of a cash allowance to such members for such purpose, if the Secretary of Defense determines that compli-ance with paragraph (2) would result in a sole source contract for procurement of athletic foot-wear for the purpose stated in paragraph (1) be-cause there would be only a sole certified of sup-ply for such footwear. ‘‘(5) The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that all procurements of athletic footwear to which this subsection applies are made using firm fixed price contracts.’’. 
SEC. 652. INCLUSION OF DEPARTMENT OF AGRI-CULTURE IN TRANSITION ASSIST-ANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs’’ each place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Agriculture’’. (b) INCLUSION IN ELEMENTS OF PROGRAM .— Subsection (b) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) Provide information regarding the avail-ability to such members of the following through the Department of Agriculture: ‘‘(A) Grants, loans, and other assistance to enter production agriculture or engage in rural entrepreneurship. ‘‘(B) Identification of and assistance in ob-taining employment within the agricultural sec-tor that aligns with military occupational spe-cialties or military certifications, including em-ployment with the Department. ‘‘(C) Training and apprenticeships for em-ployment in rural communities and in the agri-cultural and food sectors.’’. 
SEC. 653. REVIEW AND UPDATE OF REGULATIONS GOVERNING DEBT COLLECTORS INTERACTIONS WITH UNIT COM-MANDERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review and update Department of Defense Instruction 1344.09 and any associated regula-tions to ensure that such regulations comply with Federal consumer protection laws with re-spect to the collection of debt. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits 
SEC. 701. TRICARE ADVANTAGE DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, establish a dem-onstration program to enable applicable eligible individuals to enroll in Medicare Advantage plans. (2) D
URATION .—The demonstration program established under paragraph (1) shall be carried out for a period of not less than five years. (b) P
LANS.— (1) S
ELECTION .—The Secretary shall competi-tively select one or more Medicare Advantage plans for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has waived or modified require-ments under section 1857(i) of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–27(i)) in market areas of the TRICARE program with large concentra-tions of beneficiaries eligible for TRICARE for Life (as determined by the Secretary) to partici-pate in the demonstration program through the use of risk-bearing, capitated contracts with Medicare Advantage organizations. (2) R
EQUIREMENTS .—Each Medicare Advan-tage plan selected under paragraph (1) shall meet the following requirements: (A) The plan is an MA–PD plan (as defined in section 1860D–1(a)(3)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–101(a)(3)(C))). (B) The plan has a minimum quality star rat-ing of four or higher under section 1853(o)(4) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(4)). (C) The plan and the Medicare Advantage or-ganization offering the plan meet such other cri-teria as the Secretary determines appropriate for purposes of this section. (3) U
SE OF DEPARTMENT FACILITIES AND SERV -
ICES.— (A) M
ILITARY TREATMENT FACILITIES .—The Secretary may include military treatment facili-ties as authorized providers for applicable eligi-ble individuals enrolled in a Medicare Advan-tage plan participating in the demonstration program as a service provided by the Depart-ment of Defense. (B) P
HARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary may include coverage of pharmaceutical agents under the pharmacy benefits program under section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, as a coverage option for applicable eligible individuals enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan participating in the demonstration program as a service provided by the Department of De-fense. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5923 September 25, 2017 
(c) E NROLLMENT OF APPLICABLE ELIGIBLE IN-
DIVIDUALS .—Unless an applicable eligible indi-vidual opts out, all applicable eligible individ-uals located in an area participating in the demonstration program shall be enrolled in a Medicare Advantage plan selected under sub-section (b)(1). (d) C
OSTS OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall jointly determine the appropriate distribu-tion of costs and potential savings to the De-partment of Defense and the Department of Health and Human Services that result from the demonstration program. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF PRO -
GRAM .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the implementation by the Secretary of the demonstration program under this section. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-paragraph (A) shall include the following: (i) A description of each Medicare Advantage plan participating in the demonstration pro-gram, disaggregated by market area of the TRICARE program (as determined by the Sec-retary). (ii) A description of covered benefits, premium rates, and copayments or cost sharing, if any, for each Medicare Advantage plan participating in the demonstration program in each such area. (iii) The number of applicable eligible individ-uals eligible to enroll and the number of appli-cable eligible individuals projected to enroll in each Medicare Advantage plan participating in the demonstration program in each such area. (iv) An assessment of projected average an-nual out-of-pocket costs, if any, for applicable eligible individuals enrolled in each Medicare Advantage plan participating in the demonstra-tion program. (v) A description of outcome metrics developed to measure quality of care, improved health out-comes, better access to care, and enhanced bene-ficiary experience under the demonstration pro-gram. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than four years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report providing a comprehen-sive assessment of the demonstration program under this section. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPLICABLE ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘applicable eligible individual’’ means an eligible individual (as defined in paragraph (2)) who is a Medicare Advantage eligible individual (as defined in section 1851(a)(3) of the Social Se-curity Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21(a)(3))). (2) E
LIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘‘eligible individual’’ means an individual eligible for health benefits under section 1086(d) of title 10, United States Code. (3) MEDICARE ADVANTAGE ORGANIZATION .— The term ‘‘Medicare Advantage organization’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28). (4) M
EDICARE ADVANTAGE PLAN .—The term ‘‘Medicare Advantage plan’’ means a health plan under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–21 et seq.). (5) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Defense. (6) TRICARE 
PROGRAM ; TRICARE FOR LIFE .— The terms ‘‘TRICARE program’’ and ‘‘TRICARE for Life’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. (g) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to implement expe-ditiously the demonstration program under this section, the Secretary may prescribe such changes to the regulations implementing the TRICARE program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall imple-ment any changes prescribed under paragraph (1)— (A) by prescribing an interim final rule; and (B) not later than 180 days after prescribing such interim final rule and considering public comments with respect to such interim final rule, by prescribing a final rule. (h) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services may waive such re-quirements of titles XI and XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.; 1395 et seq.) as may be necessary for purposes of carrying out this section. 
SEC. 702. CONTINUED ACCESS TO MEDICAL CARE AT FACILITIES OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) TRICARE R ESERVE SELECT .—Paragraph (2) of section 1076d(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) The term ‘TRICARE Reserve Select’ means— ‘‘(A) medical care at facilities of the uni-formed services to which a dependent described in section 1076(a)(2) of this title is entitled; and ‘‘(B) health benefits under the TRICARE Se-lect self-managed, preferred provider network option under section 1075 of this title made available to beneficiaries by reason of this sec-tion and subject to the cost-sharing require-ments set forth in such section 1075.’’. (b) TRICARE R
ETIRED RESERVE .—Section 1076e is amended— (1) In subsection (b), in the subsection head-ing, by striking ‘‘R
ETIRED RESERVE ’’; (2) In subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Retired Re-serve’’ the last place it appears; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) The term ‘TRICARE Retired Reserve’ means— ‘‘(A) medical care at facilities of the uni-formed services to which a dependent described in section 1076(a)(2) of this title is entitled; and ‘‘(B) health benefits under the TRICARE Se-lect self-managed, preferred provider network option under section 1075 of this title made available to beneficiaries by reason of this sec-tion and subject to the cost-sharing require-ments set forth in such section 1075.’’. SEC. 703. MODIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR TRICARE RESERVE SELECT AND TRICARE RETIRED RESERVE OF CER-TAIN MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) TRICARE R ESERVE SELECT .—Section 1076d(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a member’’ and inserting ‘‘A member’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (b) TRICARE R
ETIRED RESERVE .—Section 1076e(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), a member’’ and inserting ‘‘A member’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 704. EXPEDITED EVALUATION AND TREAT-MENT FOR PRENATAL SURGERY UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement processes and procedures to en-sure that a covered beneficiary under the TRICARE program whose pregnancy is com-plicated with a fetal condition or suspected of being complicated with a fetal condition re-ceives, in an expedited manner and at the dis-cretion of the covered beneficiary, evaluation, non-directive counseling, and treatment from a perinatal or pediatric specialist capable of pro-viding surgical management and intervention in utero. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘covered beneficiary’’ and ‘‘TRICARE pro-gram’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 705. SPECIFICATION THAT INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE AGE OF 21 ARE ELIGIBLE FOR HOSPICE CARE SERVICES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
Section 1079(a)(15) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, except that hospice care may be provided to individuals under the age of 21’’. 
SEC. 706. MODIFICATIONS OF COST-SHARING RE-QUIREMENTS FOR THE TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM AND TREATMENT OF CERTAIN PHAR-MACEUTICAL AGENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (6) of section 1074g(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6)(A) In the case of any of the years 2018 through 2026, the cost-sharing amounts under this subsection for eligible covered beneficiaries shall be determined in accordance with the fol-lowing table: ‘‘For: The cost-sharing amount for a 30-day supply of a retail ge-neric is: The cost-sharing amount for a 30-day supply of a retail for-mulary is: The cost-sharing amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order generic is: The cost-sharing amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order formulary is: The cost-sharing amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order non-formulary is: 
2018 $10 $28 $10 $28 $54 
2019 $10 $30 $10 $30 $58 
2020 $10 $32 $10 $32 $62 
2021 $11 $34 $11 $34 $66 
2022 $11 $36 $11 $36 $70 
2023 $11 $38 $11 $38 $75 
2024 $12 $40 $12 $40 $80 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5924 September 25, 2017 
‘‘For: The cost-sharing amount for a 30-day supply of a retail ge-neric is: The cost-sharing amount for a 30-day supply of a retail for-mulary is: The cost-sharing amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order generic is: The cost-sharing amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order formulary is: The cost-sharing amount for a 90-day supply of a mail order non-formulary is: 
2025 $13 $42 $13 $42 $85 
2026 $14 $45 $14 $45 $90 
‘‘(B) For any year after 2026, the cost-sharing amounts under this subsection for eligible cov-ered beneficiaries shall be equal to the cost- sharing amounts for the previous year adjusted by an amount, if any, determined by the Sec-retary to reflect changes in the costs of pharma-ceutical agents and prescription dispensing, rounded to the nearest dollar. ‘‘(C) Notwithstanding subparagraphs (A) and (B), the cost-sharing amounts under this sub-section for a dependent of a member of the uni-formed services who dies while on active duty, a member retired under chapter 61 of this title, or a dependent of a member retired under such chapter shall be equal to the cost-sharing amounts, if any, for 2017.’’. (b) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN PHARMACEUTICAL  A
GENTS .— (1) P
HARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM .—Such sec- tion is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(10) Notwithstanding paragraphs (2), (5), and (6), in order to encourage the use by cov-ered beneficiaries of pharmaceutical agents that provide the greatest value to covered bene-ficiaries and the Department of Defense (as de-termined by the Secretary, including consider-ations of better care, healthier people, and smarter spending), the Secretary may, upon the recommendation of the Pharmacy and Thera-peutics Committee established under subsection (b) and review by the Uniform Formulary Bene-ficiary Advisory Panel established under sub-section (c)— ‘‘(A) exclude from the pharmacy benefits pro-gram any pharmaceutical agent that the Sec-retary determines provides very little or no value to covered beneficiaries and the Department under the program; and ‘‘(B) give preferential status to any non-ge-neric pharmaceutical agent on the uniform for-mulary by treating it, for purposes of cost-shar-ing under paragraph (6), as a generic product under the TRICARE retail pharmacy program and mail order pharmacy program.’’. (2) M
EDICAL CONTRACTS .—Section 1079 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(q) In the case of any pharmaceutical agent (as defined in section 1074g(g) of this title) pro-vided under a contract entered into under this section by a physician, in an outpatient depart-ment of a hospital, or otherwise as part of any medical services provided under such a contract, the Secretary of Defense may, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary, adopt special reim-bursement methods, amounts, and procedures to encourage the use of high-value products and discourage the use of low-value products, as de-termined by the Secretary.’’. (3) R
EGULATIONS .—In order to implement ex-peditiously the reforms authorized by the amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2), the Secretary of Defense may prescribe such changes to the regulations implementing the TRICARE program (as defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code) as the Secretary considers appropriate— (A) by prescribing an interim final rule; and (B) not later than one year after prescribing such interim final rule and considering public comments with respect to such interim final rule, by prescribing a final rule. 
SEC. 707. CONSOLIDATION OF COST-SHARING RE-QUIREMENTS UNDER TRICARE SE-LECT AND TRICARE PRIME. 
(a) TRICARE S ELECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1075 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the retired category other than beneficiaries described in paragraph (2)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (d)(1). ‘‘(2)(A) With respect to beneficiaries described in subparagraph (B) in the active-duty family member category or the retired category, the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated as if the beneficiary were enrolled in TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard as if TRICARE Extra or TRICARE Standard, as the case may be, were still being carried out by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this subpara-graph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family members of such retired members covered by section 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a depend-ent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’; (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘, and the amounts specified under paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (e),’’. (b) TRICARE P
RIME.—Section 1075a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) With respect to beneficiaries in the ac-tive-duty family member category or the retired category (as described in section 1075(b)(1) of this title) other than beneficiaries described in paragraph (3)(B), the cost-sharing requirements shall be calculated pursuant to subsection (b)(1).’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following new subpara-graph: ‘‘(B) Beneficiaries described in this subpara-graph are the following beneficiaries: ‘‘(i) Retired members and the family members of such retired members covered by section 1086(c)(1) of this title by reason of being retired under chapter 61 of this title or being a depend-ent of such a retired member. ‘‘(ii) Survivors covered by section 1086(c)(2) of this title.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 708. TRICARE TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF TRICARE S TANDARD .— Paragraph (15) of section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(15) The term ‘TRICARE Standard’ means the TRICARE program made available prior to January 1, 2018, covering health benefits con-tracted for under the authority of section 1079(a) or 1086(a) of this title and subject to the same rates and conditions as apply to persons covered under those sections.’’. (b) C
OST-SHARING AMOUNTS .— (1) TRICARE 
SELECT .— (A) A
LLOWANCE OF COST -SHARING AMOUNTS AS  
DETERMINED BY THE SECRETARY .—Subsection (d) of section 1075 of such title is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The cost-sharing requirements applicable to services not specifically addressed in the table set forth in paragraph (1) shall be established by the Secretary.’’. (B) MODIFICATION OF REFERENCE TO AMBU -
LANCE CIVILIAN NETWORK .—Paragraph (1) of such subsection is amended, in the first column of the table, by striking ‘‘Ambulance civilian network’’ and inserting ‘‘Ground ambulance ci-vilian network’’. (2) TRICARE 
PRIME .— (A) A
LLOWANCE OF COST -SHARING AMOUNTS AS  
DETERMINED BY THE SECRETARY .—Subsection (b) of section 1075a of such title is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The cost-sharing requirements applicable to services not specifically addressed in the table set forth in paragraph (1) shall be established by the Secretary.’’. (B) M
ODIFICATION OF REFERENCE TO AMBU -
LANCE CIVILIAN NETWORK .—Paragraph (1) of such section is amended, in the first column of the table, by striking ‘‘Ambulance civilian net-work’’ and inserting ‘‘Ground ambulance civil-ian network’’. (c) M
EDICAL CARE FOR DEPENDENTS .— (1) R
EFERENCE TO MEDICALLY NECESSARY VITA -
MINS.—Paragraphs (3) and (18) of section 1077(a) of such title are amended by striking ‘‘subsection (g)’’ each place it appears and in-serting ‘‘subsection (h)’’. (2) E
LIGIBILITY OF DEPENDENTS TO PURCHASE  
HEARING AIDS .—Section 1077(g) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘of former members of the uniformed services’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible for care under this section’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF REFERENCE TO FISCAL  Y
EAR.— (1) C
ONTRACTS FOR MEDICAL CARE FOR  
SPOUSES AND CHILDREN .—Section 1079(b) such title is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘calendar year’’. (2) C
ONTRACTS FOR HEALTH BENEFITS FOR CER -
TAIN MEMBERS , FORMER MEMBERS , AND THEIR  
DEPENDENTS .—Section 1086(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘calendar year’’. (e) R
EFERRALS AND PREAUTHORIZATIONS FOR  TRICARE P
RIME.— (1) P
REAUTHORIZATION FOR CARE AT RESIDEN -
TIAL TREATMENT CENTERS .—Section 1095f(b) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Inpatient care at a residential treatment center.’’. (2) R
EFERENCE .—Section 1075a(c) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1075f(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1095f(a)’’. (f) A
PPLICABILITY OF PREMIUM FOR DEPEND -
ENTCOVERAGE .—Section 1110b(c)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1075 of this sec-tion’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1075 or 1075a of this title, as appropriate’’. 
SEC. 709. CONTRACEPTION COVERAGE PARITY UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074d of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
FORMEMBERS AND FORMER MEMBERS ’’ after ‘‘S
ERVICES AVAILABLE ’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(b) C
ARERELATED TO PREVENTION OF PREG-
NANCY .—Female covered beneficiaries shall be entitled to care related to the prevention of pregnancy described in subsection (d)(3). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5925 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(c) P ROHIBITION ON COST-SHARING FOR CER-
TAIN SERVICES .—Notwithstanding section 1074g(a)(6), section 1075, or section 1075a of this title or any other provision of law, cost-sharing may not be imposed or collected for care related to the prevention of pregnancy provided pursu-ant to subsection (a) or (b), including for any method of contraception provided, whether pro-vided through a facility of the uniformed serv-ices, the TRICARE retail pharmacy program, or the national mail-order pharmacy program.’’. (b) C
ARERELATED TO PREVENTION OF PREG-
NANCY .—Subsection (d)(3) of such section, as re-designated by subsection (a)(2), is further amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘(including all methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration, contraceptive care (including with respect to insertion, removal, and follow up), sterilization procedures, and patient edu-cation and counseling in connection there-with)’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1077(a)(13) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074d(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074d(d)’’. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 721. MODIFICATION OF PRIORITY FOR EVAL-UATION AND TREATMENT OF INDI-VIDUALS AT MILITARY TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
Subsection (b) of section 717 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) P
RIORITY OF COVERED BENEFICIARIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the evaluation and treatment of cov-ered beneficiaries at military treatment facilities shall be prioritized ahead of the evaluation and treatment of veterans and civilians at such fa-cilities under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) in order to provide timely evaluation and treatment for in-dividuals who are— ‘‘(A) severely wounded or injured by acts of terror that occur in the United States; or ‘‘(B) residents of the United States who are severely wounded or injured by acts of terror outside the United States.’’. 
SEC. 722. SELECTION OF DIRECTORS OF MILI-TARY TREATMENT FACILITIES AND TOURS OF DUTY OF SUCH DIREC-TORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall do the fol-lowing: (1) Develop the common qualifications and core competencies required of military and civil-ian individuals for selection as directors of mili-tary treatment facilities. (2) Establish a minimum length for the tour of duty of a member of the Armed Forces serving as a director of a military treatment facility. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS AND COMPETENCIES .— (1) S
TANDARDS .—In developing common quali-fications and core competencies under sub-section (a)(1), the Secretary shall include stand-ards with respect to the following: (A) Professional competence. (B) Moral and ethical integrity and character. (C) Formal education in healthcare executive leadership and healthcare management. (D) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (2) O
BJECTIVE .—The objective of the Secretary in developing such qualifications and com-petencies shall be to ensure that the individuals selected as directors of military treatment facili-ties are highly qualified to serve as health sys-tem executives in a medical treatment facility of the Armed Forces. (c) T
OURS OF DUTY.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), in the case of a director of a military treatment facility who is a member of the Armed Forces, the length of the tour of duty of any such director assigned to such position after January 1, 2019, may not be shorter than the longer of— (A) the length established pursuant to sub-section (a)(2); or (B) three years. (2) WAIVER .—The Secretary may authorize a tour of duty of a member of the Armed Forces serving as a director of a military treatment fa-cility of a shorter length than is otherwise pro-vided for in paragraph (1) if the Secretary deter-mines, in the discretion of the Secretary, that there is good cause for a tour of duty in such position of shorter length. Any such determina-tion shall be made on a case-by-case basis. 
SEC. 723. CLARIFICATION OF ADMINISTRATION OF MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
Section 1073c(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(E), by striking ‘‘miliary’’ and inserting ‘‘military’’; (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘commander of each military medical treatment facility’’ and inserting ‘‘military or civilian director of each military medical treatment facility, under the authority, direction, and control of the Director of the Defense Health Agency,’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) If the Secretary of Defense determines it appropriate, a military director (or any other senior military officer or officers) of a military medical treatment facility may be a commanding officer for purposes of chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) with re-spect to military personnel assigned to the mili-tary medical treatment facility.’’. 
SEC. 724. MODIFICATION OF EXECUTION OF TRICARE CONTRACTING RESPON-SIBILITIES. 
Subsection (b) of section 705 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) E
XECUTION OF CONTRACTING RESPONSI -
BILITY .—With respect to any acquisition of man-aged care support services under the TRICARE program initiated after the date of the enact-ment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall serve as the authority for decisions relating to such acquisition and shall be responsible for ap-proving the acquisition strategy and conducting pre-solicitation, pre-award, and post-award ac-quisition reviews.’’. 
SEC. 725. PILOT PROGRAM ON ESTABLISHMENT OF INTEGRATED HEALTH CARE DE-LIVERY SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall carry out a pilot program to establish integrated health care delivery systems among the military health system, other Federal health systems, and private sector integrated health systems. (b) D
URATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall carry out the pilot pro-gram for a period of not less than five years. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PILOT PROGRAM .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF TASK FORCE .—The Sec- retary shall establish a multi-disciplinary task force of Federal and private sector health care experts (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Task Force’’) to develop a plan to implement the pilot program. (2) M
EMBERSHIP OF TASK FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Task Force shall be composed of senior health care representatives from— (i) the Department of Defense; (ii) the Department of Veterans Affairs; (iii) the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; (iv) high-performance, integrated health sys-tems in the private sector; and (v) health information technology organiza-tions in the private sector. (B) ADDITIONAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary may appoint additional members of the Task Force from the private sector as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) S
UBMITTAL OF PLAN .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Task Force shall submit to the Secretary an implementation plan for the pilot program. (4) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY  
COMMITTEE ACT .—The Federal Advisory Com-mittee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Task Force. (d) E
LEMENTS .—The pilot program shall be de-veloped and carried out as follows: (1) To create high-value integrated health sys-tems that— (A) establish value-based models of reimburse-ment for health care providers in integrated health care delivery systems to promote medical innovation and create better health value for patients; (B) provide innovative health benefit design solutions to promote effective, efficient, and af-fordable health care; and (C) tailor case management and care coordi-nation for high-need, high-cost patients. (2) To empower health care providers with real-time advanced information technology solu-tions— (A) to coordinate and manage health care services across the continuum of care; and (B) to leverage sophisticated data capture, cloud computing, and data analytical tools to provide predictive modeling capabilities for health care providers. (3) To empower patients with transparent in-formation on health care costs, quality out-comes, and safety within health care provider networks in high-value integrated health sys-tems. (4) To provide incentives to patients and health care providers to prevent overuse of low- value health care services. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the implementa-tion plan submitted to the Secretary under sub-section (c)(3). (2) F
INAL REPORT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than four years after the date that the pilot program begins, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report assessing the pilot pro-gram. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report submitted under subparagraph (A) shall provide the following: (i) An analysis of the impact of the pilot pro-gram on building sustainable integrated health care delivery systems among the military health system, other Federal health systems, and pri-vate sector integrated health systems. (ii) A determination of the extent to which value-based health care reimbursement models create value for patients and the health systems participating in the pilot program. (iii) A determination of the extent to which the use of real-time advanced information tech-nology solutions— (I) improves coordination and management of health care services across the continuum of care; and (II) leverages sophisticated data capture, cloud computing, and data analytical tools to provide comprehensive predictive modeling ca-pabilities for health care providers. (iv) A determination of the extent to which transparency of health care costs, health care quality outcomes, and patient safety within 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5926 September 25, 2017 
health care provider networks encourages pa-tients to seek care from health care providers who provide high-quality health outcomes at lower cost. (v) A determination of the extent to which pa-tient and provider incentives prevent overuse of low-value health services. (vi) A determination of the extent to which the pilot program should be expanded and im-plemented on a permanent basis. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 731. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE-DEPART-MENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MED-ICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as amended by section 722 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), section 723 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), and section 741(a) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. 
SEC. 732. ADDITIONAL EMERGENCY USES FOR MEDICAL PRODUCTS TO REDUCE DEATHS AND SEVERITY OF INJURIES CAUSED BY AGENTS OF WAR. 
Section 1107a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO REDUCE  D
EATHS AND SEVERITY OF INJURIES CAUSED BY  A
GENTS OF WAR.—(1) In a case in which an emergency use of an unapproved product or an emergency unapproved use of an approved prod-uct cannot be authorized under section 564 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3) because the emergency does not involve an actual or threatened attack with a biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear agent or agents, the Secretary of Defense may authorize an emergency use outside the United States of the product to reduce the number of deaths or the severity of harm to members of the armed forces (or individuals associated with de-ployed members of the armed forces) caused by a risk or agent of war. ‘‘(2) Except as otherwise provided in this sub-section, an authorization by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall have the same effect with respect to the armed forces as an emer-gency use authorization under section 564 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3). ‘‘(3) The Secretary may issue an authorization under paragraph (1) with respect to the emer-gency use of an unapproved product or the emergency unapproved use of an approved prod-uct only if— ‘‘(A) the committee established under para-graph (5) has recommended that the Secretary issue the authorization; and ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs makes a written determination, after consultation with the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, that, based on the totality of scientific evidence available to the Assistant Secretary, criteria comparable to those specified in section 564(c) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3(c)) have been met. ‘‘(4) With respect to the emergency use of an unapproved product or the emergency unap-proved use of an approved product under this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall estab-lish such scope, conditions, and terms under this subsection as the Secretary considers appro-priate, including scope, conditions, and terms comparable to those specified in section 564 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3). ‘‘(5)(A) There is established in the Department of Defense a Department of Defense Emergency Use Authorization Committee (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘Committee’) to advise the As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on proposed authorizations under this sub-section. ‘‘(B) Members of the Committee shall be ap-pointed by the Secretary of Defense and shall consist of prominent health care professionals who are not employees of the Department of De-fense (other than for purposes of serving as a member of the Committee). ‘‘(C) The Committee may be established as a subcommittee of another Federal advisory com-mittee. ‘‘(6) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘biological product’ has the meaning given that term in section 351(i) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262(i)). ‘‘(B) The terms ‘device’ and ‘drug’ have the meanings given those terms in section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321). ‘‘(C) The term ‘product’ means a drug, device, or biological product. ‘‘(D) The terms ‘unapproved product’ and ‘unapproved use of an approved product’ have the meanings given those terms in section 564(a)(4) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cos-metic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3(a)(4)).’’. SEC. 733. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCT OF CER-TAIN MEDICAL RESEARCH AND DE-VELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense and each Secretary of a military department may not fund or con-duct a medical research and development project unless the Secretary funding or conducting the project— (1) submits to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a written certification that the project is designed to directly protect, enhance, or restore the health and safety of members of the Armed Forces; and (2) does not initiate the funding or conduct of such project until the date that is 90 days after the submittal of such written certification. 
SEC. 734. MODIFICATION OF DETERMINATION OF AVERAGE WAIT TIMES AT URGENT CARE CLINICS AND PHARMACIES AT MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FA-CILITIES UNDER PILOT PROGRAM. 
(a) U RGENT CARECLINICS .—Subsection (c)(2) of section 744 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall determine the av-erage wait time to display under such para-graph by using a formula derived from best practices in the health care industry.’’. (b) P
HARMACIES .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) D
ETERMINATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Secretary shall determine the av-erage wait time to display under such para-graph by using a formula derived from best practices in the health care industry.’’. 
SEC. 735. REPORT ON PLAN TO IMPROVE PEDI-ATRIC CARE AND RELATED SERV-ICES FOR CHILDREN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth a plan of the Department of Defense to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) In order to ensure that children receive de-velopmentally-appropriate and age-appropriate health care services from the Department, a plan to align preventive pediatric care under the TRICARE program with— (A) standards for such care as required by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148); (B) guidelines established for such care by the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis, and Treatment program under the Medicaid program carried out under title XIX of the Social Secu-rity Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.); and (C) recommendations by organizations that specialize in pediatrics. (2) A plan to develop a uniform definition of ‘‘pediatric medical necessity’’ for the Depart-ment that aligns with recommendations of orga-nizations that specialize in pediatrics in order to ensure that a consistent definition of such term is used in providing health care in military treatment facilities and by health care providers under the TRICARE program. (3) A plan to revise certification requirements for residential treatment centers of the Depart-ment to expand the access of children of mem-bers of the Armed Forces to services at such cen-ters. (4) A plan to develop measures to evaluate and improve access to pediatric care, coordina-tion of pediatric care, and health outcomes for such children. (5) A plan to include an assessment of access to pediatric specialty care in the annual report to Congress on the effectiveness of the TRICARE program. (6) A plan to improve the quality of and ac-cess to behavioral health care under the TRICARE program for children of members of the Armed Forces, including intensive out-patient and partial hospitalization services. (7) A plan to mitigate the impact of permanent changes of station and other service-related re-locations of members of the Armed Forces on the continuity of health care services received by such children who have special medical or be-havioral health needs. (8) A plan to mitigate deficiencies in data col-lection, data utilization, and data analysis to improve pediatric care and related services for children of members of the Armed Forces. (c) TRICARE PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 736. INCLUSION OF GAMBLING DISORDER IN HEALTH ASSESSMENTS AND RE-LATED RESEARCH EFFORTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A NNUAL PERIODIC HEALTH ASSESSMENT .— The Secretary of Defense shall incorporate med-ical screening questions specific to gambling dis-order into the Annual Periodic Health Assess-ment (DD Form 3024) conducted by the Depart-ment of Defense for members of the Armed Forces. (b) R
ESEARCH EFFORTS .—The Secretary shall incorporate into ongoing research efforts of the Department questions on gambling disorder, as appropriate, including by restoring such ques-tions into the Health Related Behaviors Survey of Active Duty Military Personnel. 
SEC. 737. FEASIBILITY STUDY ON CONDUCT OF PILOT PROGRAM ON MENTAL HEALTH READINESS OF PART-TIME MEMBERS OF THE RESERVE COMPO-NENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a feasibility study and cost estimate for a pilot program that uses predictive analytics and screening to iden-tify mental health risk and provide early, tar-geted intervention for part-time members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces to im-prove readiness and mission success. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The feasibility study con-ducted under subsection (a) shall include ele-ments to assess the following with respect to the pilot program studied under such subsection: (1) The anticipated improvement in quality of behavioral health services for part-time members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces and the impact of such improvement in quality of behavioral health services on their families and employers. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5927 September 25, 2017 
(2) The anticipated impact on the culture sur-rounding behavioral health treatment and help- seeking behavior. (3) The feasibility of embedding mental health professionals with units that— (A) perform core mission sets and capabilities; and (B) carry out high-risk and high-demand mis-sions. (4) The particular preventative mental health needs of units at different states of their oper-ational readiness cycle. (5) The need for additional personnel of the Department of Defense to implement the pilot program. (6) The cost of implementing the pilot program throughout the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (7) The benefits of an integrated operational support team for the Air National Guard and Army National Guard units. (c) C
OMPARISON TO FULL-TIME MEMBERS OF  R
ESERVE COMPONENTS .—As part of the feasi-bility study conducted under subsection (a), the Secretary shall assess the mental health risk of part-time members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces as compared to full-time mem-bers of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (d) U
SE OF EXISTING MODELS .—In conducting the feasibility study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall make use of existing models for preventative mental health care, to the extent practicable, such as the approach developed by the United States Air Force School of Aerospace Medicine. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUI-SITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Subtitle A—Acquisition Policy and Management 
SEC. 801. REPEAL OF TEMPORARY SUSPENSION OF PUBLIC-PRIVATE COMPETITIONS FOR CONVERSION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNCTIONS TO PER-FORMANCE BY CONTRACTORS. 
Effective as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, section 325 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2253) is repealed. 
SEC. 802. TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS RELATED TO PROGRAM MAN-AGEMENT PROVISIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE PROVISION RE-
LATED TO PROGRAM AND PROJECT MANAGE -
MENT .—Subsection (c) of section 503 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 861(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2298), is repealed. (b) R
EPEAL OF DUPLICATIVE PROVISION RE-
LATED TO PROGRAM MANAGEMENT OFFICERS AND  P
ROGRAM MANAGEMENT POLICY COUNCIL .—Sec- tion 1126 of title 31, United States Code, as added by section 861(b)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2299), is repealed. (c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE PROVISIONS .—Sec- tion 861 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2299) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); (2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (2); and (3) by striking subsections (c) and (d). 
SEC. 803. SHOULD-COST MANAGEMENT. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend the Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide for the appro-priate use of the should-cost review process in a manner that is transparent, objective, and pro-vides for the efficiency of the systems acquisi-tion process in the Department of the Defense. (b) REQUIRED ELEMENTS .—The regulations re-quired under subsection (a) shall incorporate, at a minimum, the following elements: (1) A description of the features distinguishing a should-cost review and the analysis of pro-gram direct and indirect costs. (2) Establishment of a process for commu-nicating with the contractor the elements of a proposed should-cost review. (3) A method for ensuring that identified should-cost savings opportunities are based on accurate, complete, and current information and are associated with specific engineering or business changes that can be quantified and tracked. (4) A description of the training, skills, and experience, including cross functional experi-ence, that Department of Defense and con-tractor officials carrying out a should-cost re-view in subsection (a) should possess. (5) A method for ensuring appropriate collabo-ration with the contractor throughout the re-view process. (6) Establishment of review process require-ments that provide for sufficient analysis and minimize any impact on program schedule. (7) A requirement that any separate audit or review carried out in connection with the should-cost review be provided to the prime con-tractor under the program. 
SEC. 804. CLARIFICATION OF PURPOSE OF DE-FENSE ACQUISITION. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation as appropriate to provide the fol-lowing: (1) The Defense Acquisition System exists to manage the nation’s investments in tech-nologies, programs, and product support nec-essary to achieve the National Security Strategy and support the United States Armed Forces. (2) The investment strategy of the Department of Defense shall be postured to support not only today’s force, but also the next force, and future forces beyond that. (3) The primary objective of Defense acquisi-tion is to acquire quality products that satisfy user needs with measurable improvements to mission capability and operational support, in a timely manner, and at a fair and reasonable price. 
SEC. 805. DEFENSE POLICY ADVISORY COM-MITTEE ON TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall form a committee of senior executives from United States firms in the national technology and industrial base to meet with the Secretary, the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, and members of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to exchange information, includ-ing, as appropriate, classified information, on technology threats to the national security of the United States and on the emerging tech-nologies from the national technology and in-dustrial base that may become available to counter such threats in a timely manner. (b) M
EETINGS .—The defense policy advisory committee on technology formed pursuant to subsection (a) shall meet with the Secretary and the other Department of Defense officials speci-fied in such subsection collectively at least once annually in each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022. The Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees annual brief-ings on the meetings. (c) F
EDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the defense policy advisory committee on technology established pursuant to this section. 
SEC. 806. REPORT ON EXTENSION OF DEVELOP-MENT, ACQUISITION, AND SUSTAINMENT AUTHORITIES OF THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS TO THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPER-ATIONS COMMAND. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a review of the authorities available to the Secretaries of the military departments and the acquisition executives of the military depart-ments for the development, acquisition, and sustainment of technology, equipment, and serv-ices for the military departments in order to de-termine the feasibility and advisability of the provision of such authorities to the Commander of the United States Special Operations Com-mand and the acquisition executive of the Com-mand for the development, acquisition, and sustainment of special operations-peculiar tech-nology, equipment, and services. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Serv-ices of the Senate and the House of Representa-tives a report on the review required by sub-section (a). The report shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the review. (2) An identification of the authorities the Secretary recommends for provision to the Com-mander of the United States Special Operations Command and the acquisition executive of the Command as described in subsection (a), and recommendations for any modifications of such authorities that the Secretary considers appro-priate for purposes of the United States Special Operations Command. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate for the provision of authorities identified pursuant to paragraph (2) as de-scribed in subsection (a). (4) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate in light of the review. 
SEC. 807. ENSURING TRANSPARENCY IN ACQUISI-TION PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish and implement a policy that will ensure the acquisition programs of major sys-tems establish cost, schedule, and performance goals at the onset of the program. The policy shall also ensure that acquisition programs of major systems report on the original cost, sched-ule, and performance goals throughout the pro-gram to ensure transparency. (b) M
AJOR SYSTEM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘major system’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302d of title 10, United States Code. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Con-tracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limi-tations 
SEC. 811. WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR PURPOSES OF EXPANDING COMPETITION. 
Section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) In the event the application of any pro-vision of law results in only one responsible bid-der for a contract, the Secretary of Defense may waive such provision of law (other than sub-section (c)) for purposes of expanding competi-tion for the contract.’’. 
SEC. 812. INCREASED SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITION THRESHOLD APPLICABLE TO DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROCURE-MENTS. 
(a) I NCREASED SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITION  T
HRESHOLD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339a. Simplified acquisition threshold ‘‘Notwithstanding section 134 of title 41, the simplified acquisition threshold for the Depart-ment of Defense for purposes of such section is $250,000.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2339a. Simplified acquisition threshold.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 134 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing ‘‘In division B’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5928 September 25, 2017 
provided in section 2339a of title 10, in division B’’. 
SEC. 813. INCREASED THRESHOLD FOR COST OR PRICING DATA AND TRUTH IN NEGO-TIATIONS REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$500,000’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. 
SEC. 814. CONTRACT AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT OF INITIAL OR ADDI-TIONAL PROTOTYPE UNITS. 
(a) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2302d the following new section: ‘‘§ 2302e. Contract authority for advanced de-velopment of initial or additional prototype units ‘‘(a) A
UTHORITY .—A contract initially award-ed from the competitive selection of a proposal resulting from a general solicitation referred to in section 2302(2)(B) of this title may contain a contract line item or contract option for— ‘‘(1) the provision of advanced component de-velopment, prototype, or initial production of technology developed under the contract; or ‘‘(2) the delivery of initial or additional items if the item or a prototype thereof is created as the result of work performed under the contract. ‘‘(b) L
IMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) M
INIMAL AMOUNT .—A contract line item or contract option described in subsection (a)(2) shall require the delivery of the minimal amount of initial or additional items to allow for the timely competitive solicitation and award of a follow-on development or production contract for those items. ‘‘(2) T
ERM.—A contract line item or contract option described in subsection (a) shall be for a term of not more than 2 years. ‘‘(3) D
OLLAR VALUE OF WORK .—The dollar value of the work to be performed pursuant to a contract line item or contract option described in subsection (a) may not exceed the amount of expenditure consistent with a major system, as defined in section 2302d of this title. ‘‘(4) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority provided in subsection (a) applies only to the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Army, the Sec-retary of the Navy, and the Secretary of the Air Force.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2302d the following new item: ‘‘2302e. Contract authority for advanced devel-opment of initial or additional prototype units.’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF COMPETITIVE PROCE-
DURES DEFINITION .—Section 2302(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘basic research proposals’’ and inserting ‘‘pro-posals for basic research, applied research, ad-vanced research, or development projects’’. (c) R
EPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Section 819 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is hereby repealed. 
SEC. 815. TREATMENT OF INDEPENDENT RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT COSTS ON CERTAIN CONTRACTS. 
(a) T HRESHOLD FOR ESTABLISHING ADVISORY  P
ANEL RELATED TO GOAL FOR REIMBURSABLE  B
ID AND PROPOSAL COSTS.—Section 2372a(d)(1) of title 10, United States Code, as added by sec-tion 824(b)(1) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended by striking ‘‘If the Depart-ment of Defense exceeds the goal established under subsection (c) for a fiscal year, within 180 days after exceeding the goal’’ and inserting ‘‘If the amount of reimbursable bid and proposal costs paid by the Department of Defense for a fiscal year exceeds .75 percent of the total aggre-gate industry sales to the Department for such fiscal year, within 180 days of exceeding such threshold’’. (b) INDEPENDENT RESEARCH AND DEVELOP -
MENT COSTS: A LLOWABLE COSTS.—Section 2372(d) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 824(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(2)(A)’’. 
SEC. 816. NON-TRADITIONAL CONTRACTOR DEFI-NITION. 
Section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘means an entity that is not currently performing’’ and inserting ‘‘means a specific business unit or function with a unique entity identifier that is not currently performing’’. 
SEC. 817. REPEAL OF DOMESTIC SOURCE RE-STRICTION RELATED TO WEARABLE ELECTRONICS. 
Section 2533a(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(excluding wear-able electronics)’’ after ‘‘Hand or measuring tools’’. 
SEC. 818. USE OF OUTCOME-BASED AND PER-FORMANCE-BASED REQUIREMENTS FOR SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
(a) J USTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR USE OF  P
ERSONNEL AND LABOR HOURREQUIREMENTS .— The Department of Defense may not enter into a contract for the procurement of services val-ued in excess of $10,000,000 based on specific de-scriptive personnel and labor hour requirements unless the program manager and contracting of-ficer first submit to the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment a written justification including the reasons for basing the contract on those requirements instead of outcome- or performance-based requirements. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on justifications submitted pursuant to subsection (a). The report shall review the adequacy of the justifications and identify any reoccurring obstacles to the use of outcome- and performance-based require-ments instead of specified personnel and labor hour requirements for purposes of awarding services contracts. (c) S
UNSET .—The requirements under this sec-tion shall terminate at the close of September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 819. PILOT PROGRAM FOR LONGER TERM MULTIYEAR SERVICE CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may use the authority under subsection (a) of section 2306c of title 10, United States Code, to enter into up to five contracts for periods of not more than 10 years for services described in sub-section (b) of such section. Each contract en-tered into pursuant to this subsection may be extended for up to five additional one-year terms. (b) S
TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into an agreement with an independent organization with relevant ex-pertise to study best practices and lessons learned from using services contracts for periods longer than five years by commercial companies, foreign governments, and State governments, as well as service contracts for periods longer than five years used by the Federal Government, such as Energy Savings Performance Contracts. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on the study con-ducted under paragraph (1). (c) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program carried out under this section. SEC. 820. IDENTIFICATION OF COMMERCIAL SERVICES. 
Section 876 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2311) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
DENTIFICATION OF INDUSTRY SUBCAT -
EGORIES .—In preparing the guidance required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall iden-tify those industry subcategories in facilities-re-lated services, knowledge-based services (except engineering services), construction services, medical services, or transportation services in which there are significant numbers of commer-cial services providers able to meet the require-ments of the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 821. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OF-FICE BID PROTEST REFORMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 812, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 2340. Government Accountability Office bid protests ‘‘(a) P
AYMENT OF COSTS FOR DENIED PRO-
TESTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A contractor who files a protest described under paragraph (2) with the Government Accountability Office on a contract with the Department of Defense shall pay to the Department of Defense costs incurred for proc-essing a protest at the Government Account-ability Office and the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) C
OVERED PROTESTS .—A protest described under this paragraph is a protest— ‘‘(A) all of the elements of which are denied in an opinion issued by the Government Account-ability Office; and ‘‘(B) filed by a party with revenues in excess of $100,000,000 during the previous year. ‘‘(b) W
ITHHOLDING OF PAYMENTS ABOVE IN-
CURRED COSTS OF INCUMBENT CONTRACTORS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Contractors who file a pro-test on a contract on which they are the incum-bent contractor shall have all payments above incurred costs withheld on any bridge contracts or temporary contract extensions awarded to the contractor as a result of a delay in award re-sulting from the filing of such protest. ‘‘(2) D
ISPOSITION OF WITHHELD PAYMENTS  
ABOVE INCURRED COSTS .— ‘‘(A) R
ELEASE TO INCUMBENT CONTRACTOR .— All payments above incurred costs of a pro-testing incumbent contractor withheld pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be released to the pro-testing incumbent contractor if— ‘‘(i) the solicitation that is the subject of the protest is cancelled and no subsequent request for proposal is released or planned for release; or ‘‘(ii) if the Government Accountability Office issues an opinion that upholds any of the pro-test grounds filed under the protest. ‘‘(B) R
ELEASE TO AWARDEE .—Except for the exceptions set forth in subparagraph (A), all payments above incurred costs of a protesting incumbent contractor withheld pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be released to the contractor that was awarded the protested contract prior to the protest. ‘‘(C) R
ELEASE TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN  
EVENT OF NO CONTRACT AWARD .—Except for the exceptions set forth in subparagraph (A), if a protested contract for which payments above in-curred costs are withheld under paragraph (1) is not awarded to a contractor, the withheld pay-ments shall be released to the Department of De-fense and deposited into an account that can be used by the Department to offset costs associ-ated with Government Accountability Office bid protests.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for such chapter, as amended by section 812(a)(2) of this Act, is further amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 2339a the following new item: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5929 September 25, 2017 
‘‘2340. Government Accountability Office bid protests.’’. 
SEC. 822. ENHANCED POST-AWARD DEBRIEFING RIGHTS. 
(a) R ELEASE OF CONTRACT AWARD INFORMA -
TION.—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall revise the Department of Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion to require that all required post-award debriefings must provide detailed and com-prehensive statements of the agency’s rating for each evaluation criteria and of the agency’s overall award decision. With regard to pro-tecting the confidential and proprietary infor-mation of other offerors, the revision shall en-courage the release to the company of all infor-mation that otherwise would be releaseable in the course of a bid protest challenge to an award. At a minimum, the revisions shall in-clude— (1) a requirement for disclosure of the agen-cy’s written source selection award determina-tion, redacted if necessary to protect other offerors’ confidential and proprietary informa-tion; (2) a requirement for a combined written and oral debriefing for all contract awards and task or delivery orders valued at $10,000,000 or high-er; (3) a requirement for an option, at an offerors’ election, for access to an unredacted copy of the source selection award determination and the supporting agency record for outside counsel or other appropriate outside representative for all contract awards and task or delivery orders val-ued at $10,000,000 or higher; (4) provisions ensuring that both losing and winning offerors are entitled to the applicable enhanced post-award debriefing rights; and (5) robust procedures, consistent with section 2305(b)(5)(C) of title 10, United States Code, and section 15.506(e) of the Federal Acquisition Reg-ulation, to protect the confidential and propri-etary information of other offerors. (b) O
PPORTUNITY FOR FOLLOW -UPQUES-
TIONS .—Section 2305(b)(5) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E) as subparagraphs (D), (E), and (F), re-spectively; (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and in-serting a semicolon; (B) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) an opportunity for a disappointed offer-or to submit within two business days of receiv-ing a post-award debriefing additional, follow- up questions related to the debriefing.’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) The agency shall respond in writing to additional, follow-up questions submitted under subparagraph (B) within five business days. The debriefing will not be considered concluded until the agency delivers its written responses to the disappointed offeror.’’. (c) C
OMMENCEMENT OF POST-BRIEFING PE-
RIOD.—Section 3553(d)(4) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii) respectively; (2) by striking ‘‘The period’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The period’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) For procurements conducted by any com-ponent of the Department of Defense, the five- day post-debriefing period does not commence until the day the Government delivers to a dis-appointed offeror the written responses to any questions submitted pursuant to section 2305(5)(B)(vii) of title 10.’’. (d) D
ECISIONS ON PROTESTS .—Section 3554(a)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘for all protests arising from agencies outside the Department of De-fense and within 65 days after the date the pro-test is submitted to the Comptroller General for all protests arising from the Department of De-fense and its subordinate agencies. In protests arising from the Department of Defense and its subordinate agencies which present unusually complex issues or large agency records, the Comptroller General may extend the time for de-cision but in no event later than 100 days after the protest is submitted.’’. SEC. 823. LIMITATION ON UNILATERAL DEFINITIZATION. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Section 2326 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), and (i) as subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), (i), and (j) respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON UNILATERAL  D
EFINITIZATION BY THE CONTRACTING OFFI-
CER.—The following limitation applies to all undefinitized contractual actions with a not to exceed value of $50,000,000 or greater: ‘‘(1) If agreement is not reached on contrac-tual terms, specifications, and price by a date certain, as required under subsection (b)(1), the contracting officer may not unilaterally defini-tize those terms, specifications and price over the objection of the contractor until— ‘‘(A) the head of the agency approves the definitization in writing; ‘‘(B) the contracting officer provides the writ-ten approval to the contractor; and ‘‘(C) the head of the agency notifies the con-gressional defense committees of the approval. ‘‘(2) The contract modification unilaterally definitizing the action shall not take effect until 60 calendar days after the congressional defense committees have been notified under subpara-graph (C) of such paragraph.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Department of Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulations to conform with the amendments made by subsection (a). 
SEC. 824. RESTRICTION ON USE OF REVERSE AUC-TIONS AND LOWEST PRICE TECH-NICALLY ACCEPTABLE CON-TRACTING METHODS FOR SAFETY EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 814 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND 
SAFETY EQUIPMENT ’’ after ‘‘ PERSONAL PROTEC -
TIVE EQUIPMENT ’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and safety equipment’’ after ‘‘personal protective equipment’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The tables of sections in section 2(b) of such Act and at the beginning of title VIII of such Act are amended in the item relating to section 814 by inserting ‘‘and safety equipment’’ after ‘‘personal protec-tive equipment’’. 
SEC. 825. USE OF LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION PROCESS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—Subsection (b) of section 813 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(7) the Department of Defense would not re-alize any additional innovation or future tech-nological advantage by using a different meth-odology; and ‘‘(8) the items procured are predominantly ex-pendable in nature, non-technical, or a short life expectancy or short shelf life.’’. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘contract exceeding $10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘contract exceeding $5,000,000’’. 
SEC. 826. MIDDLE TIER OF ACQUISITION FOR RAPID PROTOTYPE AND RAPID FIELDING. 
(a) E LIMINATION OF COST-SHARING REQUIRE -
MENT .—Section 804(c)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (C); and (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (C) and (D), respectively. (b) U
SE OF SIMPLIFIED PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Defense Acquisition Regu-lation Supplement shall be amended to provide for special simplified procedures for purchases of property and services under the rapid proto-typing and rapid fielding programs established under section 804 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
SEC. 827. ELIMINATION OF COST UNDERRUNS AS FACTOR IN CALCULATION OF PEN-ALTIES FOR COST OVERRUNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 828 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or underrun’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘or underruns’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘and cost underruns’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or underruns’’; and (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘, except that the cost overrun penalty may not be a neg-ative amount’’; and (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2015’’ and in-serting ‘‘fiscal years 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, and 2022’’. (b) P
RIOR FISCAL YEARS.—The requirements of section 828 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue to apply with respect to fiscal years be-ginning on or before October 1, 2016. 
SEC. 828. CONTRACT CLOSEOUT AUTHORITY. 
Section 836(b)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2286) is amended by striking ‘‘entered into prior to fiscal year 2000’’ and in-serting ‘‘entered into at least 17 years before the current fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 829. SERVICE CONTRACTS OF THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF CERTAIN INFORMATION IN  F
UTURE -YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM .—Each fu- ture-years defense program submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 221of title 10, United States Code, for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 shall include an estimate of the cost and number of service contracts of the Department of Defense for each fiscal year covered by the future-years defense program. The estimate shall be set forth for the Department of Defense as a whole and separately for each department, agency, organization, and element of the De-partment anticipated to use service contracts during the fiscal years covered by the future- years defense program concerned. (b) R
EQUIREMENT FOR CERTIFICATION AND  B
RIEFING .—No study or competition regarding a public-private competition for the conversion to performance by a contractor for any function performed by Department of Defense civilian employees may be begun or announced pursuant to section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5930 September 25, 2017 
otherwise pursuant to Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76, until such time as— (1) the future-years defense program sub-mitted to Congress includes the information de-scribed in subsection (a); or (2) the Secretary of Defense certifies that the Department has a plan to provide such informa-tion by the next fiscal year. 
SEC. 830. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CON-TRACTOR WORKPLACE SAFETY AND ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF KNOWN WORKPLACE  S
AFETY AND HEALTH VIOLATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A contracting officer, prior to awarding or renewing a covered contract, shall, as part of the responsibility determina-tion, consider any identified violations of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) or equivalent State laws by the offeror, and by any covered subcontractors. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITY DETERMINATION .—The contracting officer shall consider violations de-scribed in paragraph (1) in determining whether the offeror is a responsible source with a satis-factory record of performance that meets mission and ethical standards. (3) R
EFERRAL OF INFORMATION TO SUSPENSION  
AND DEBARMENT OFFICIALS .—As appropriate, a contracting officer shall refer matters related to violations described in paragraph (1) to the De-partment of Defense’s suspension and debar-ment official in accordance with Department procedures. (b) C
ONTRACTOR RIGHTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish policies and practices— (1) ensuring that when making responsibility determinations, contracting officers request that contractors provide any and all information the contractors deem necessary to demonstrate re-sponsibility prior to final determinations; (2) establishing mechanisms for contractors to have an expedited process to review any infor-mation used to support determinations of non- responsibility; and (3) establishing mechanisms for contractors to have an expedited process to appeal determina-tions of non-responsibility. (c) P
ROTEST RIGHTS .—The Secretary of De-fense shall protect the rights of contractors to protest bids and appeal actions taken pursuant to this section. (d) T
RAINING AND GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and provide clear train-ing and guidance to acquisition officials, con-tracting officers, and current and potential con-tractors regarding implementation policies and practices for this section. (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Department of Defense and the congres-sional defense committees a report on the health and safety records of Department of Defense contractors. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) A description of the Department of De-fense’s existing procedures to evaluate the safe-ty and health records of current and prospective contractors. (B) An evaluation of the Department’s adher-ence to those procedures. (C) An assessment of the current incidence of health and safety violations by Department con-tractors. (D) An assessment of whether the Department of Labor has the resources to investigate and identify safety and health violations by Depart-ment of Defense contractors. (E) An assessment of whether the Department of Labor should consider assuming an expanded investigatory role or a targeted enforcement pro-gram for ensuring the safety and health of workers under Department of Defense contracts. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED CONTRACT .—The term ‘‘covered contract’’ means a Department of Defense con-tract for the procurement of property or services, including construction, valued in excess of $1,000,000. (2) COVERED SUBCONTRACTOR .—The term ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ means a subcontractor listed in the bid for a covered contract or known by the Department of Defense to be a subcon-tractor of the offeror. 
SEC. 831. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROMOTION OF CONTRACTOR COMPLIANCE WITH EXISTING LAW. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Department of Defense should aim to ensure that parties contracting with the Federal Government abide by existing law, including worker protection laws; (2) worker protection laws, including chapter 43 of title 38, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994’’ or ‘‘USERRA’’) and the Americans with Disabil-ities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), were enacted to ensure equitable workplace practices; (3) identifying and helping to improve the compliance of contractors with worker protec-tion violations will help avoid setbacks and delays stemming from contracting with non-compliant contractors; and (4) the Secretary of Defense has the authority to ensure contractors’ compliance with existing laws and should establish a goal to work with responsible contractors who are in compliance with worker protection laws. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 835. REVISIONS TO DEFINITION OF MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM. 
Section 2430(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘in the case of a program that is not a program for the acquisition of an automated information system (either a product or a service),’’ after ‘‘(B)’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘does not include an acquisi-tion program’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘does not include— ‘‘(A) an acquisition program’’; and (B) by striking the period at the end and in-serting the following: ‘‘; or ‘‘(B) an acquisition program for a defense business system (as defined in section 2222(i)(1) of this title) carried out using the acquisition guidance issued pursuant to section 883(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note).’’. 
SEC. 836. PROHIBITION ON USE OF LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION PROCESS FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PRO-GRAMS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 144 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2441 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2442. Prohibition on use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection proc-ess ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Department of De-fense shall not use a lowest price technically ac-ceptable source selection process for the develop-ment contract of a major defense acquisition program. ‘‘(b) N
OTIFICATION .—(1) The Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a notification of the source selection process that the Department of Defense plans to use for the development contract of a major de-fense acquisition program. ‘‘(2) The notification required under para-graph (1) shall be submitted at the same time that the President submits under section 1105 of title 31 the budget in which budget authority is requested for the development contract of a major defense acquisition program. If the De-partment of Defense has not yet determined the source selection process for the development contract at the time that budget authority for the development contract is requested, the De-partment of Defense shall submit the notifica-tion not later than 30 days before release of the request for proposals for the development con-tract. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) L
OWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE  
SOURCE SELECTION PROCESS .—The term ‘lowest price technically acceptable source selection process’ has the meaning given that term in part 15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(2) M
AJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM .— The term ‘major defense acquisition program’ has the meaning given that term in section 2430 of this title. ‘‘(3) D
EVELOPMENT CONTRACT .—The term ‘de-velopment contract’ means a prime contract for the development of a major defense acquisition program.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2441 the following new item: ‘‘2442. Prohibition on use of lowest price tech-nically acceptable source selection process.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY .—The requirements of sec-tion 2442 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply to major defense acquisition programs for which budg-etary authority is requested for fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fiscal year. 
SEC. 837. ROLE OF THE CHIEF OF THE ARMED FORCE IN MATERIAL DEVELOPMENT DECISION AND ACQUISITION SYS-TEM MILESTONES. 
Section 2547(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Consistent with the performance of duties under subsection (a), the Chief of the armed force concerned, with respect to major defense acquisition programs, shall— ‘‘(A) concur with the need for a material solu-tion as identified in the Material Development Decision Review prior to entry into the Material Solution Analysis Phase under Department of Defense Instruction 5000.02; ‘‘(B) concur with the cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance trade-offs that have been made with regard to the program be-fore Milestone A approval is granted under sec-tion 2366a of this title; ‘‘(C) concur that appropriate trade-offs among cost, schedule, technical feasibility, and performance objectives have been made to en-sure that the program is affordable when con-sidering the per unit cost and the total life-cycle cost before Milestone B approval is granted under section 2366b of this title; and ‘‘(D) concur that the requirements in the pro-gram capability document are necessary and re-alistic in relation to program cost and fielding targets as required by paragraph (1) before Milestone C approval is granted.’’. Subtitle D—Provisions Related to Acquisition Workforce 
SEC. 841. TRAINING IN COMMERCIAL ITEMS PRO-CUREMENT. 
(a) T RAINING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Presi-dent of the Defense Acquisition University shall establish a comprehensive training program on part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation. The training shall cover, at a minimum, the fol-lowing topics: (1) The origin of part 12 and the congressional mandate to prefer commercial procurements. (2) The definition of a commercial item, with a particular focus on the ‘‘of a type’’ concept. (3) Price analysis and negotiations. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5931 September 25, 2017 
(4) Market research and analysis. (5) Independent cost estimates. (6) Parametric estimating methods. (7) Value analysis. (8) Best practices in pricing from commercial sector organizations, foreign government organi-zations, and other Federal, state, and local pub-lic sectors organizations. (9) Other topics on commercial procurements necessary to ensure a well-educated acquisition workforce. (b) E
NROLLMENTS GOALS.—The President of the Defense Acquisition University shall set goals for student enrollment for the comprehen-sive training program established under sub-section (a). (c) S
UPPORTING ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish, in support of the achievement of the goals of this section— (1) a university research program to engage academic experts on research topics of interest to improve commercial item identification and pricing methodologies; and (2) a set of exchange and interface opportuni-ties between government personnel experts to in-crease awareness of best practices and chal-lenges in commercial item identification and pricing. (d) F
UNDING .—The Secretary of Defense shall use amounts available in the Department of De-fense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund established under section 1705 of title 10, United States Code, to fund the comprehensive training program established under subsection (a). 
SEC. 842. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF AC-QUISITION WORKFORCE TO INCLUDE PERSONNEL ENGAGED IN THE AC-QUISITION OR DEVELOPMENT OF CY-BERSECURITY SYSTEMS. 
Section 1705(h)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘(A)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) are engaged in the acquisition or devel-opment of systems relating to cybersecurity; and’’. 
SEC. 843. TRAINING AND SUPPORT FOR PRO-GRAMS PURSUING AGILE ACQUISI-TION METHODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the President of the Defense Acquisition University, shall establish an in-resident targeted training course at the Defense Acquisition University on Agile Acquisition. (b) C
OURSE COMPONENTS .—The course shall include the following elements: (1) Training designed to instill a common un-derstanding of all functional roles and depend-encies involved in developing and producing a capability using Agile processes. (2) An exercise involving teams composed of personnel from pertinent functions and func-tional organizations engaged in developing an integrated Agile Acquisition approach for a spe-cific program. (c) C
OURSE ATTENDANCE .—The course shall be— (1) available for certified acquisition personnel from all program offices using Agile Acquisition methods; and (2) mandatory for personnel from other rel-evant organizations in each of the military serv-ices and Defense Agencies, including organiza-tions responsible for engineering, budgeting, contracting, test and evaluation, requirements validation, and certification and accreditation, that support those program offices. (d) A
GILEACQUISITION COACH .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the senior acquisition executives in each of the military services and Defense Agencies, in coordination with the Director of the Defense Digital Service, shall ensure that program offices pursuing Agile Acquisition methods have access to an Agile Ac-quisition coach. (2) EXPERTISE .—The Agile Acquisition coach shall possess expertise in— (A) commercial Agile Acquisition methods; and (B) the acquisition system and processes of the Department of Defense. (3) D
UTIES .—The Agile Acquisition coach shall— (A) assist program offices, supporting stake-holder organizations, and personnel in properly applying Agile Acquisition methods; and (B) notify the appropriate acquisition au-thorities if programs are deviating from best practices or are not receiving appropriate sup-port from stakeholder organizations, in a man-ner or to a degree that threatens the success of the program. (e) A
GILE ACQUISITION RESEARCH PROGRAM .— The President of the Defense Acquisition Uni-versity shall establish a research program to conduct research on and development of Agile Acquisition practices and tools best tailored to meet the mission needs of the Department of De-fense. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section the term ‘‘Agile Acquisition’’— (1) means acquisition pursuant to a method-ology for delivering multiple, rapid, incremental capabilities to the user for operational use, eval-uation, and feedback; and (2) involves— (A) the incremental development and fielding of capabilities, commonly called ‘‘spirals’’, ‘‘spins’’, or ‘‘sprints’’, which can be measured in a few weeks or months; and (B) continuous participation and collabora-tion by users, testers, and requirements authori-ties. 
SEC. 844. CREDITS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVEL-OPMENT FUND. 
Section 1705(d)(2)(D) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) The Secretary of Defense may adjust the amount specified in subparagraph (C) for a fis-cal year if the Secretary determines that the amount is greater or less than reasonably need-ed for purposes of the Fund for such fiscal year. The Secretary may not adjust the amount for a fiscal year to an amount that is more than $600,000,000 or less than $400,000,000.’’. Subtitle E—Provisions Related to Commercial Items 
SEC. 851. MODIFICATION TO DEFINITION OF COM-MERCIAL ITEMS. 
Section 2376 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘‘commercial item’,’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘commercial item’ has the mean-ing given the term in section 103 of title 41, ex-cept that it does not include an item referred to in paragraph (3)(B) of such section if, after the minor modifications made to meet Federal Gov-ernment requirements referred to in such para-graph, the item includes a preponderance of government-unique functions or essential char-acteristics.’’. 
SEC. 852. REVISION TO DEFINITION OF COMMER-CIAL ITEM. 
Section 103(8) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘to multiple State and local governments’’ and inserting ‘‘to multiple State, local, or foreign governments’’. 
SEC. 853. COMMERCIAL ITEM DETERMINATIONS. 
Section 2380 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) I
TEMS PREVIOUSLY ACQUIRED USINGCOM-
MERCIAL ITEMACQUISITION PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(1) DETERMINATIONS .—A contract or sub-contract for an item using commercial item ac-quisition procedures under part 12 of the Fed-eral Acquisition Regulation shall serve as a prior commercial item determination with re-spect to such item for purposes of this chapter unless the Secretary of Defense determines in writing that it is no longer cost-effective to pro-cure the item using commercial item acquisition procedures. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—(A) Except as provided under subparagraph (B), funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may not be used for the procurement under part 15 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion of an item that was previously acquired using commercial item acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion. ‘‘(B) The limitation under subparagraph (A) does not apply to the procurement of an item that was previously acquired using commercial item acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation following— ‘‘(i) a written determination by the head of contracting activity pursuant to section 2306a(b)(4)(B) of this title that the use of such procedures was improper; or ‘‘(ii) a written determination by the Secretary of Defense that it is no longer cost-effective to procure the item using such procedures.’’. 
SEC. 854. PREFERENCE FOR ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS. 
Section 2377(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (6) as subparagraphs (A) through (F), respec-tively, and moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘The head’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The head’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The preference for the acquisition of com-mercial items and nondevelopmental items under this section shall take priority over any small business set-aside program, and shall require, to the maximum extent practicable, the acquisition of commercial items or nondevelopmental items other than commercial items in accordance with the terms of this section. If the requirements of an agency with respect to a procurement of sup-plies or services can be met with commercial items or nondevelopmental items other than commercial items provided by a small business concern, the small business concern may be awarded the contract in accordance with the re-quirements of a set-aside program.’’. 
SEC. 855. INAPPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULA-TIONS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS NOTTOEX-
EMPT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CONTRACTS FOR  C
OMMERCIAL ITEMS AND COMMERCIALLY AVAIL-
ABLE OFF-THE-SHELF ITEMS FROM CERTAIN  L
AWS AND REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) review each determination of the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council pursuant to sec-tion 1906(b)(2), section 1906(c)(3), or section 1907(a)(2) of title 41, United States Code, not to exempt contracts and subcontracts described in subsection (a) of section 2375 of title 10, United States Code, from laws such contracts and sub-contracts would otherwise be exempt from under section 1906(d) of title 41, United States Code; and (2) revise the Department of Defense Supple-ment to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide an exemption from each law subject to such determination unless the Secretary deter-mines there is a specific reason not to provide the exemption. (b) E
LIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRACT  C
LAUSE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO COM-
MERCIAL ITEM CONTRACTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5932 September 25, 2017 
the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Depart-ment of Defense Supplement to the Federal Ac-quisition Regulation to eliminate all regulations promulgated after the date of the enactment of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–355) that require a specific con-tract clause for a contract using commercial item acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, except for regu-lations required by law or that the Secretary de-termines are vital to national security. (c) E
LIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRACT  C
LAUSE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO COM-
MERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF-THE-SHELF ITEM S
UBCONTRACTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall revise the Department of Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to eliminate all requirements for a prime contractor to include a specific contract clause in a subcontract for commercially avail-able off-the-shelf items unless the inclusion of such clause is required by law or is necessary for the contractor to meet the requirements of the prime contract. Subtitle F—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 861. REVIEW REGARDING APPLICABILITY OF FOREIGN OWNERSHIP, CONTROL, OR INFLUENCE REQUIREMENTS OF NA-TIONAL SECURITY INDUSTRIAL PRO-GRAM TO NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE COMPANIES. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall review whether companies whose ownership or majority control is based in countries that are part of the national technology and industrial base should be exempted from the foreign owner-ship, control, or influence (FOCI) requirements of the National Security Industrial Program. (b) A
UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may establish a program to carry out the exemp-tion process described under subsection (a). Under the program, the Secretary, with the con-currence of the Secretary of State, shall main-tain a list of companies owned or controlled by countries that are part of the national tech-nology and industrial base that are eligible for exemption from the requirements described under such subsection. (2) D
ETERMINATIONS OF ELIGIBILITY .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may designate a com-pany under paragraph (1) as exempt from the requirements described under subsection (a) upon a determination that such exemption— (A) is beneficial to improving collaboration within countries participating in the national technology and industrial base; (B) is in the United States national security interest; and (C) will not result in a greater risk of the dis-closure of classified or sensitive information consistent with the National Security Industrial Program. (3) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .—The authority under paragraph (1) to exempt a listed company from the requirements described under sub-section (a) may be exercised beginning on the date that is the later of— (A) the date that is 60 days after the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a report summarizing the review con-ducted under such subsection; and (B) the date that is 30 days after the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submits to the congressional defense com-mittees a written notification of a determination under paragraph (2) to exempt the company from such requirements, including a discussion of the issues related to the foreign ownership or control of the company that were considered as part of the determination. (c) N
ATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL  B
ASEDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘na-tional technology and industrial base’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2500 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 862. PILOT PROGRAM ON STRENGTHENING MANUFACTURING IN DEFENSE IN-DUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall carry out a pilot pro-gram to assess the feasibility and advisability of increasing the capability of the defense indus-trial base to support— (1) production needs to meet military require-ments; and (2) manufacturing and production of emerging defense and commercial technologies of military value. (b) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program under the following: (1) The Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4501 et seq.). (2) Chapters 137 and 139 and sections 2371, 2371b, and 2373 of title 10, United States Code. (3) Such other legal authorities as the Sec-retary considers applicable to carrying out the pilot program. (c) A
CTIVITIES .—Activities under the pilot pro-gram may include the following: (1) Use of contracts, grants, or other trans-action authorities to support manufacturing and production capabilities in small and me-dium sized manufacturers. (2) Purchases of quantities of goods or equip-ment for testing and qualification purposes. (3) Purchase commitments to create incentives for industry to develop manufacturing and pro-duction capabilities of interest to national secu-rity, including cost sharing with funding from nongovernmental sources. (4) Issuing loans directly to small and medium sized enterprises to support manufacturing and production capabilities. (5) Guaranteeing loans to enable small and medium sized manufacturers to obtain private sector loans to support manufacturing and pro-duction capabilities in areas of national security interest. (6) Giving awards to third party entities to support investments in small and medium sized manufacturers working in areas of national se-curity interest, including activities to support debt and equity investments that would benefit missions of the Department of Defense. (7) Such other activities as the Secretary de-termines necessary. (d) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program shall terminate on the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 863. SUNSET OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS RE-LATING TO THE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) M ISCELLANEOUS LIMITATIONS ON THE PRO-
CUREMENT OF GOODS OTHER THAN UNITED  S
TATES GOODS.—Section 2534 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) S
UNSET ON CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS .—The restriction under subsection (a) relative to the procurement of the items set forth in paragraphs (1) through (4) of such subsection shall termi-nate on the close of September 30, 2018.’’. (b) P
HOTOVOLTAIC DEVICES .—Section 858 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2534 note) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(c) S
UNSET .—This section shall terminate on the close of September 30, 2018.’’. Subtitle G—International Contracting Matters 
SEC. 865. PROCUREMENT EXCEPTION RELATING TO AGREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS. 
Section 2533a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subsections (c) through (h)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (c) through (i)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (i), (j), and (k) as subsections (j), (k), and (l), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (h) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(i) EXCEPTION RELATING TO AGREEMENTS  W
ITHFOREIGN GOVERNMENTS .—Subsection (a) does not preclude the acquisition of items de-scribed in subsection (b) as part of a weapon system if the acquisition is necessary in further-ance of an agreement with a foreign government in which both governments agree to remove bar-riers to purchases of supplies produced in the other country or services performed by sources of the other country.’’. 
SEC. 866. APPLICABILITY OF COST AND PRICING DATA CERTIFICATION REQUIRE-MENTS. 
Section 2306a(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) for a foreign military sale where there is already an existing Government contract— ‘‘(i) for the same or similar item or service; and ‘‘(ii) for which the Government has current cost and pricing data and insights into the rea-sonableness of price.’’. 
SEC. 867. ENHANCING PROGRAM LICENSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, with the concur-rence of the Secretary of State, shall establish a structure for implementing a revised program ex-port licensing framework intended to provide comprehensive export licensing authorization to support large international cooperative defense programs between multiple nations and deter-mine what, if any, regulatory authorities re-quire modification. (b) S
USTAINMENT .—The licensing framework established under subsection (a) shall require a program license for the future sustainment of all international cooperative defense programs com-prised of more than five nations. The program license shall be finalized prior to the sustainment phase of that program’s acquisition lifecycle. Subtitle H—Other Transactions 
SEC. 871. OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY. 
(a) E XPANDED AUTHORITY FOR PROTOTYPE  P
ROJECTS .—Subsection (a) of section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Subject’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3). (b) M
ODIFICATION OF COSTSHARING REQUIRE -
MENT FOR USE OF OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHOR -
ITY.—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amend-ed by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) At least one third of the total cost of the prototype project is to be paid out of funds pro-vided by sources other than the Federal Govern-ment.’’. (c) U
SE OF OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY  
FOR ONGOING PROTOTYPE PROJECTS .—Sub- section (f)(1) of such section is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘A transaction in-cludes all individual prototype sub-projects awarded under the transaction to a consortium of United States industry and academic institu-tions.’’. 
SEC. 872. EDUCATION AND TRAINING FOR TRANS-ACTIONS OTHER THAN CONTRACTS AND GRANTS. 
Section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(g) E
DUCATION AND TRAINING .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure that manage-ment, technical, and contracting personnel of the Department involved in the award and ad-ministration of transactions under this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5933 September 25, 2017 
or other innovative forms of contracting are af-forded adequate education and training.’’. 
SEC. 873. PREFERENCE FOR USE OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS AND EXPERIMENTAL AUTHORITY. 
In the execution of science and technology and prototyping programs, the Secretary of De-fense shall establish a preference for using transactions other than contracts, cooperative agreements, and grants entered into pursuant to sections 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code, and authority for procurement for experi-mental purposes pursuant to section 2373 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 874. METHODS FOR ENTERING INTO RE-SEARCH AGREEMENTS. 
Section 2358(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘or’’; (2) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) by transactions other than contracts, co-operative agreements, and grants entered into pursuant to sections 2371 and 2371b of this title; or ‘‘(6) by procurement for experimental purposes pursuant to section 2373 of this title.’’. Subtitle I—Development and Acquisition of Software Intensive and Digital Products and Services 
SEC. 881. RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF TECH-
NICAL DATA.—Paragraph (4) of section 2302 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) The term ‘technical data’— ‘‘(A) means recorded information (regardless of the form or method of the recording) of a sci-entific or technical nature relating to supplies procured by an agency; ‘‘(B) with respect to software, includes every-thing required to reproduce, build/recompile, test, and deploy working system binaries on sys-tem hardware, including all source code, revi-sion histories, build scripts, build/compilation/ modification instructions/procedures, docu-mentation, test cases, expected test results, com-pilers, interpreters, test harnesses, specialized build and test hardware, connectors, cables, and library dependencies; and ‘‘(C) does not include computer software inci-dental to contract administration or financial, administrative, cost or pricing, or management data or other information incidental to contract administration.’’. (b) R
IGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA.—Section 2320(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) The Secretary of Defense shall require the following with respect to software delivery: ‘‘(i) Software shall be delivered in native elec-tronic format. ‘‘(ii) Builds must not be dependent upon pre- defined build directories. ‘‘(iii) In the case of licensing restrictions that do not allow library dependency inclusion, verified accessible repositories and revision his-tory shall be documented and included. ‘‘(iv) Commercial Off-The Shelf/Non-Develop-ment Item (COTS/NDI) shall be delivered on original Licensed Media. If firmware is part of the delivery, then a Firmware Support Manual should be included as an Appendix.’’. 
SEC. 882. DEFENSE INNOVATION BOARD ANAL-YSIS OF SOFTWARE ACQUISITION REGULATIONS. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall task the Defense Innova-tion Board to undertake a study on streamlining software development and acquisition regula-tions. (2) M
EMBER PARTICIPATION .—The Chairman of the Defense Innovation Board shall select ap-propriate members from the membership of the Board to participate in this study, and may rec-ommend additional temporary members or con-tracted support personnel to the Secretary of Defense for the purposes of this study. In con-sidering additional appointments to the study, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that mem-bers have significant technical, legislative, or regulatory expertise and reflect diverse experi-ences in the public and private sector. (3) SCOPE.—The study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) review the acquisition regulations applica-ble to the Department of Defense with a view to-ward streamlining and improving the efficiency and effectiveness of software acquisition in order to maintain defense technology advan-tage; (B) produce specific and detailed rec-ommendations for any legislation, including the amendment or repeal of regulations, that the members of the Board conducting the study de-termine necessary to— (i) streamline development and procurement of software; (ii) adopt best practices from the private sector applicable to government use; (iii) promote rapid adoption of new tech-nology; (iv) ensure continuing financial and ethical integrity in procurement; and (v) protect the best interests of the Department of Defense; and (C) produce such additional recommendations for legislation as such members consider appro-priate. (4) C
ONSULTATION ON MAJOR PROGRAM RE -
ALIGNMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Defense Innovation Board in conducting activities under the major program realignment pilot program established pursuant to section 873. The Secretary shall provide the Board with timely access to all information nec-essary for the Board to provide such consulta-tion and report on the major program realign-ment. (5) A
CCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the Defense Innovation Board with timely access to appropriate infor-mation, data, resources, and analysis so that the Board may conduct a thorough and inde-pendent analysis as required under this sub-section. (b) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORTS .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to or brief the congressional defense committees on the interim findings of the study conducted pur-suant to subsection (a). The Defense Innovation Board shall provide regular updates to the Sec-retary of Defense and the congressional defense committees for purposes of providing the interim report. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the Secretary of Defense tasks the Defense Advisory Board to conduct the study, the Board shall transmit a final report of the study to the Secretary. Not later than 30 days after receiving the final report, the Secretary of Defense shall transmit the final report, together with such comments as the Secretary determines appro-priate, to the congressional defense committees. 
SEC. 883. PILOT TO TAILOR SOFTWARE-INTEN-SIVE MAJOR PROGRAMS TO USE AGILE METHODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retaries and Chiefs of the military services, shall identify one major program per service and one defense-wide program for tailoring into smaller increments. The programs shall be selected from among those designated as major defense acqui-sition programs and those formerly designated as major automated information systems (ex-cluding defense business systems). (b) PROGRAM SELECTION CRITERIA .—In identi- fying candidate programs, the Secretary shall prioritize programs that— (1) are software intensive; (2) have identified software development as a risk; (3) have experienced cost growth and schedule delay; and (4) did not deliver any operational capability within the prior calendar year. (c) R
EALIGNMENT PLAN.—The Secretary of De-fense shall finalize a realignment plan within 60 days of programs being identified under sub-section (a) that provides for the realigned pro-gram increments having a cost below the cost threshold for designation as a major acquisition. (d) R
EALIGNMENT EXECUTION .—Each re-aligned program increment shall— (1) be designed to deliver a meaningfully use-ful capability within the first 180 days following realignment; (2) be designed to deliver subsequent meaning-fully useful capabilities on timeframes of less than 180 days; (3) incorporate cross-functional teams focused on software production that prioritize user needs and control of total cost of ownership; (4) be staffed with highly qualified technically trained staff and personnel with management and business process expertise in leadership po-sitions to support requirements modification, ac-quisition strategy, and program decisionmaking; (5) ensure that realigned acquisition strategies are broad enough to allow offerors to propose a service, system, modified business practice, con-figuration of personnel, or combination thereof as a solution; (6) include periodic engagement with the user community, as well as representation by the user community in program management and software production activity; (7) ensure realigned acquisition strategies favor outcomes-based requirements definition and capability as a service, including the estab-lishment of technical evaluation criteria as out-comes to be used to drive service-level agree-ments with vendors; and (8) consider options for termination of the re-lationship with any vendor unable or unwilling to offer terms that meet the requirements of this section. (e) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the pro-gram selection and tailoring under this section, the Secretary shall— (1) use the tools, resources, and expertise of digital and innovation organizations resident in the Department, such as the Defense Innovation Board, the Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental, the Defense Science Board, the Defense Digital Services, federally funded research and development centers, research laboratories, and other technical, management, and acquisition experts; (2) use the digital development and acquisi-tion expertise of the General Services Adminis-tration’s Technology Transition Service, Office of 18F; and (3) leverage the science, technology, and inno-vation activities established pursuant to section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2445a note). (f) A
GILE ACQUISITION DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘agile acquisition’’— (1) means acquisition pursuant to a method-ology for delivering multiple, rapid, incremental capabilities to the user for operational use, eval-uation, and feedback; and (2) involves— (A) the incremental development and fielding of capabilities, commonly called ‘‘spirals’’, ‘‘spins’’, or ‘‘sprints’’, which can be measured in a few weeks or months; and (B) continuous participation and collabora-tion by users, testers, and requirements authori-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5934 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 884. REVIEW AND REALIGNMENT OF DE-FENSE BUSINESS SYSTEMS TO EM-PHASIZE AGILE METHODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Chief Information Officers and Chief Manage-ment Officers of the military services, shall con-duct a comprehensive assessment of investments in defense business systems and prioritize no fewer than four and up to eight such systems for realignment and restructuring into smaller increments and the incorporation of agile acqui-sition methods. (b) P
ROGRAM ASSESSMENT ELEMENTS .—The as- sessment under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A comparison of investments in business systems across the Department of Defense with-in each business system portfolio category, such as personnel and pay systems, accounting and financial systems, and contracting and procure-ment systems. (2) Identification of opportunities to ration-alize requirements across investments within a business system portfolio. (3) Identification of programs within business system portfolio categories that are most closely following the best acquisition practices for soft-ware intensive systems. (c) P
ROGRAM REALIGNMENT SELECTION CRI-
TERIA .—In identifying programs for potential re-alignment, the Secretary of Defense shall prioritize programs that— (1) did not deliver any operational capability within the prior calendar year; (2) have experienced cost growth and schedule delay; and (3) have similar user requirements to a better performing program within the same business system portfolio category. (d) R
EALIGNMENT PLAN.—The Secretary of De-fense shall finalize a realignment plan within 60 days of programs being identified under sub-section (c). (e) R
EALIGNMENT EXECUTION .—Each realigned program increment shall— (1) be designed to deliver a meaningfully use-ful capability within the first 180 days following realignment; (2) be designed to deliver subsequent meaning-fully useful capabilities on timeframes of less than 180 days; (3) incorporate cross-functional teams focused on software production that prioritize user needs and control of total cost of ownership; (4) be staffed with highly qualified technically trained staff and personnel with management and business process expertise in leadership po-sitions to support requirements modification, ac-quisition strategy, and program decision mak-ing; (5) ensure that realigned acquisition strategies are broad enough to allow offerors to propose a service, system, modified business practice, con-figuration of personnel, or combination thereof as a solution; (6) include periodic engagement with the user community as well as representation by the user community in program management and soft-ware production activity; (7) ensure realigned acquisition strategies favor outcomes-based requirements definition and capability as a service, including the estab-lishment of technical evaluation criteria as out-comes to be used to drive service-level-agree-ments with vendors; and (8) consider options for termination of the re-lationship with any vendor unable or unwilling to offer terms that meet the requirements of this section. (f) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the pro-gram selection and realignments under this sec-tion, the Secretary shall— (1) use the tools, resources, and expertise of digital and innovation organizations resident in the Department, such as the Defense Innovation Board, the Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental, the Defense Science Board, the Defense Business Board, the Defense Digital Services, federally funded research and development cen-ters, research laboratories, and other technical, management, and acquisition experts; (2) use the digital development and acquisi-tion expertise of the General Services Adminis-tration’s Technology Transition Service, Office of 18F; and (3) leverage the science, technology, and inno-vation activities established pursuant to section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2445a note). (g) AGILE ACQUISITION DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘agile acquisition’’— (1) means acquisition pursuant to a method-ology for delivering multiple, rapid, incremental capabilities to the user for operational use, eval-uation, and feedback; and (2) involves— (A) the incremental development and fielding of capabilities, commonly called ‘‘spirals’’, ‘‘spins’’, or ‘‘sprints’’, which can be measured in a few weeks or months; and (B) continuous participation and collabora-tion by users, testers, and requirements authori-ties. 
SEC. 885. SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT PILOT USING AGILE BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall identify no fewer than four and up to eight software development ac-tivities within the Department of Defense or military departments to be developed using mod-ern agile acquisition methods. (b) S
TREAMLINED PROCESSES .—Software devel-opment activities identified under subsection (a) shall be developed without incorporation of the following contract or transaction requirements: (1) Earned Value Management (EVM) or EVM-like reporting. (2) Development of Integrated Master Sched-ule. (3) Development of Integrated Master Plan. (4) Development of Technical Requirement Document. (5) Development of Systems Requirement Doc-uments. (6) Use of Information Technology Infrastruc-ture Library agreements. (7) Use of Software Development Life Cycle (methodology). (c) R
OLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Selected activities shall in-clude the following roles and responsibilities: (A) A program manager that is empowered to make all programmatic decisions within the overarching activity objectives, including re-sources, funding, personnel, and contract or transaction termination recommendations. (B) A product owner that reports directly to the program manager and is responsible for the overall design of the product, prioritization of roadmap elements and interpretation of their acceptance criteria, and prioritization of the list of all features desired in the product. (C) An engineering lead that reports directly to the program manager and is responsible for the implementation and operation of the soft-ware. (D) A design lead that reports directly to the program manager and is responsible for identi-fying, communicating, and visualizing user needs through a human centered design process. (2) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—The Secretary shall es-tablish qualifications for personnel filling these positions prior to their selection. The qualifica-tions may not include a positive education re-quirement and must be based on technical ex-pertise or experience in delivery of software products, to include agile concepts. (3) C
OORDINATION PLAN FOR TESTING AND CER -
TIFICATION ORGANIZATIONS .—The program man-ager shall ensure resources for test and certifi-cation organizations support of iterative devel-opment processes. (d) PLAN.—The Secretary of Defense or des-ignee shall develop a plan for each selected ac-tivity under the pilot to include the following elements: (1) Definition of a product vision, identifying a succinct, clearly defined need the software will address. (2) Definition of a product road map, out-lining a noncontractual plan that identifies short-term and long-term product goals and spe-cific technology solutions to help meet those goals and adjusts to mission and user needs at the product owner’s discretion. (3) The use of a Broad Agency Announce-ment, Other Transaction Authority, or other rapid merit-based solicitation procedure. (4) Identification of, and continuous engage-ment with, end users. (5) Frequent and iterative end user validation of features and usability consistent with the principles outlined in the Digital Services Play-book. (6) Use of commercial best practices for ad-vanced computing systems, including, where ap-plicable— (A) Automated Testing, Integration, and De-ployment; (B) compliance with applicable commercial ac-cessibility standards; (C) capability to support modern versions of multiple, common web browsers; (D) capability to be viewable across commonly used end user devices, including mobile devices; and (E) built-in application monitoring. (e) P
ROGRAM SCHEDULE .—The Secretary shall ensure that each selected activity includes— (1) award processes that take no longer than 3 months after a requirement is identified; (2) planned frequent and iterative end user validation of implemented features and their usability; (3) delivery of a functional prototype or mini-mally viable product in 3 months or less from award; and (4) follow-on delivery of iterative development cycles no longer than 4 weeks apart, including security testing and configuration management as applicable. (f) O
VERSIGHT METRICS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the selected activities— (1) use a modern tracking tool to execute re-quirements backlog tracking; and (2) use agile development metrics that, at a minimum, track— (A) pace of work accomplishment; (B) completeness of scope of testing activities (such as code coverage, fault tolerance, and boundary testing); (C) product quality attributes (such as major and minor defects and measures of key perform-ance attributes and quality attributes); (D) delivery progress relative to the current product roadmap; and (E) goals for each iteration. (g) D
ATARIGHTS .— (1) U
NCLASSIFIED SOFTWARE .— (A) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RIGHTS .—The Department of Defense shall obtain sufficient data rights for unclassified software so that all custom computer software developed under the pilot activities are managed as open source soft-ware. (B) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The contractor shall publicly develop and release the source code for unclassified custom software in a public repository with a license through which the copyright holder provides the rights to use, study, reuse, modify, enhance, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. (2) O
THER SOFTWARE .—For all other custom software delivered under the pilot activities, the Department of Defense shall obtain sufficient data rights to enable a third party, other than the pilot contractor, to continue development and maintenance activities throughout the pro-gram lifecycle. (h) R
ESTRICTIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5935 September 25, 2017 
(1) U SE OF FUNDS .—No funds made available for the selected activities may be expended on estimation or evaluation using source lines of code methodologies. (2) C
ONTRACT TYPES .—The Secretary of De-fense may not use lowest price technically ac-ceptable contracting methods or cost plus con-tracts to carry out selected activities under this section, and shall encourage the use of existing streamlined and flexible contracting arrange-ments. (i) C
ONSULTATION .—In executing the software development activities under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) use the tools, resources, and expertise of digital and innovation organizations resident in the Department, such as the Defense Innovation Board, the Defense Innovation Unit Experi-mental, the Defense Science Board, the Defense Business Board, the Defense Digital Services, federally funded research and development cen-ters, research laboratories, and other technical, management, and acquisition experts; and (2) use, as appropriate, the digital develop-ment and acquisition expertise of the General Services Administration. (j) R
EPORTS .— (1) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITY COM -
MENCEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days be-fore the commencement of a software develop-ment activity under subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot activity. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report on a pilot activity under this paragraph shall set forth a descrip-tion of the pilot activity, including the following information: (i) The purpose of the pilot activity. (ii) The duration of the pilot activity. (iii) The efficiencies and benefits anticipated to accrue to the Government under the pilot pro-gram. (2) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITY COM -
PLETION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the completion of a pilot activity, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the pilot activity. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The report on a pilot activity under this paragraph shall include the fol-lowing elements: (i) A description of results of the pilot activity. (ii) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot activity. (k) A
GILE ACQUISITION DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘agile acquisition’’— (1) means acquisition pursuant to a method-ology for delivering multiple, rapid, incremental capabilities to the user for operational use, eval-uation, and feedback; and (2) involves— (A) the incremental development and fielding of capabilities, commonly called ‘‘spirals’’, ‘‘spins’’, or ‘‘sprints’’, which can be measured in a few weeks or months; and (B) continuous participation and collabora-tion by users, testers, and requirements authori-ties. 
SEC. 886. USE OF OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE. 
(a) O PENSOURCE SOFTWARE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2320 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2320a. Use of open source software ‘‘(a) S
OFTWARE DEVELOPMENT .—All unclassi-fied custom-developed computer software and related technical data that is not a defense arti-cle regulated pursuant to section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778) and that is developed under a contract or other transaction awarded by the Department of Defense on or after the date that is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section shall be managed as open source software unless specifically waived by the service acquisition executive. ‘‘(b) RELEASE OF SOFTWARE IN PUBLIC REPOSI -
TORY .—The Secretary of Defense shall require the contractor to release source code and related technical data described under subsection (a) in a public repository approved by the Department of Defense, subject to a license through which the copyright holder provides the rights to use, study, reuse, modify, enhance, and distribute the software to anyone and for any purpose. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY TO EXISTING SOFTWARE .— The Secretary of Defense shall, where appro-priate— ‘‘(1) seek to negotiate open source licenses to existing custom-developed computer software with contractors that developed it; and ‘‘(2) release related source code and technical data in a public repository location approved by the Department of Defense. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
USTOM -DEVELOPED COMPUTER SOFT -
WARE .—The term ‘custom-developed computer software’— ‘‘(A) means human-readable source code, in-cluding segregable portions thereof, that is— ‘‘(i) first produced in the performance of a De-partment of Defense contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or other transaction; or ‘‘(ii) developed by a contractor or subcon-tractor exclusively with Federal funds (other than an item or process developed under a con-tract or subcontract to which regulations under section 9(j)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)(2)) apply); and ‘‘(B) does not include Commercial Off-The- Shelf software, or packaged software developed exclusively at private expense, whether deliv-ered as a Cloud Service, in binary form, or by any other means of software delivery. ‘‘(2) T
ECHNICAL DATA .—The term ‘technical data’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302 of this title.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by adding after the item relating to section 2320 the following new item: ‘‘2320a. Use of open source software.’’. (b) P
RIZECOMPETITION .—The Secretary of De-fense shall create a prize for a research and de-velop program or other activity for identifying, capturing, and storing existing Department of Defense custom-developed computer software and related technical data. The Secretary of De-fense shall create an additional prize for im-proving, repurposing, or reusing software to bet-ter support the Department of Defense mission. The prize programs shall be conducted in ac-cordance with section 2374a of title 10, United States Code. (c) R
EVERSE ENGINEERING .—The Secretary of Defense shall task the Defense Advanced Re-search Program Agency with a project to iden-tify methods to locate and reverse engineer De-partment of Defense custom-developed computer software and related technical data for which source code is unavailable. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
USTOM -DEVELOPED COMPUTER SOFT -
WARE .—The term ‘‘custom-developed computer software’’— (A) means human-readable source code, in-cluding segregable portions thereof, that is— (i) first produced in the performance of a De-partment of Defense contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or other transaction; or (ii) developed by a contractor or subcontractor exclusively with Federal funds (other than an item or process developed under a contract or subcontract to which regulations under section 9(j)(2) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(j)(2)) apply); and (B) does not include Commercial Off-The- Shelf software, or packaged software developed exclusively at private expense, whether deliv-ered as a Cloud Service, in binary form, or by any other means of software delivery. (2) T
ECHNICAL DATA .—The term ‘‘technical data’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302 of title 10, United States Code. (e) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. Subtitle J—Other Matters 
SEC. 891. IMPROVED TRANSPARENCY AND OVER-SIGHT OVER DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION EFFORTS AND PROCUREMENT ACTIVITIES RE-LATED TO MEDICAL RESEARCH. 
The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement for congressional special interest medical research programs under the congressionally directed medical research program of the Department of Defense unless the contract, grant, or coopera-tive agreement meets the following conditions: (1) Compliance with the cost and price data requirements under section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. (2) Compliance with the cost accounting standards under section 1502 of title 41, United States Code. (3) Compliance with requirements for full and open competition under section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, without reliance on one of the exceptions set forth in subsection (c) of such section. 
SEC. 892. RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA RELATED TO MEDICAL RESEARCH. 
The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement for congressional special interest medical research programs under the congressionally directed medical research program of the Department of Defense unless the contract, grant, or coopera-tive agreement provides that the United States Government will have the same rights to the technical data to an item or process developed under the contract, grant, or cooperative agree-ment as applicable under section 2320(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, to items and proc-esses developed exclusively with Federal funds where the medical research results in medicines and other treatments that will be procured or otherwise paid for by the Federal Government through the Department of Defense, the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs, Medicare, Medicaid, or other Federal Government health programs. 
SEC. 893. OVERSIGHT, AUDIT, AND CERTIFI-CATION FROM THE DEFENSE CON-TRACT AUDIT AGENCY FOR PRO-CUREMENT ACTIVITIES RELATED TO MEDICAL RESEARCH. 
The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement for congressional special interest medical research programs under the congressionally directed medical research program of the Department of Defense unless the contract, grant, or coopera-tive agreement meets the following conditions: (1) Prior to obligation of any funds, review by and certification from the Defense Contract Audit Agency regarding the adequacy of the ac-counting systems of the proposed awardee, in-cluding a forward pricing review of the award-ee’s proposal. (2) Prior to any payment on the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement, performance by the Defense Contract Audit Agency of an in-curred cost audit. 
SEC. 894. REQUIREMENTS FOR DEFENSE CON-TRACT AUDIT AGENCY REPORT. 
Subparagraph (E) of section 2313a(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(E) the total number and dollar value of au-dits that are pending for a period longer than 18 months as of the end of the fiscal year covered by the report, including a breakdown by type of audit;’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5936 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 895. PROTOTYPE PROJECTS TO DIGITIZE DE-FENSE ACQUISITION REGULATIONS, POLICIES, AND GUIDANCE, AND EM-POWER USER TAILORING OF ACQUI-SITION PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall conduct de-velopment efforts to develop prototypes to digitize defense acquisition regulations, policies, and guidance and to develop a digital decision support tool that facilitates the ability of users to tailor programs in accordance with existing laws, regulations, and guidance. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Under the prototype projects, the Secretary shall— (1) convert existing acquisition policies, guides, memos, templates, and reports to an on-line, interactive digital format to create a dy-namic, integrated, and authoritative knowledge environment for purposes of assisting program managers and the acquisition workforce of the Department of Defense to navigate the complex lifecycle for each major type of acquisition pro-gram or activity of the Department; (2) as part of this digital environment, create a digital decision support capability that uses decision trees and tailored acquisition models to assist users to develop strategies and facilitate coordination and approvals; and (3) as part of this environment, establish a foundational data layer to enable advanced data analytics on the acquisition enterprise of the Department, to include business process re-engineering to improve productivity. (c) U
SE OF PROTOTYPES IN ACQUISITION AC-
TIVITIES .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall encourage the use of these prototypes to model, develop, and test any procedures, policies, instructions, or other forms of direction and guidance that may be required to support acquisition training, practices, and policies of the Department of De-fense. (d) F
UNDING .—The Secretary may use the au-thority under section 1705(e)(4)(B) of title 10, United States Code, to develop acquisition sup-port prototypes and tools under this program. 
SEC. 896. PILOT PROGRAM FOR ADOPTION OF AC-QUISITION STRATEGY FOR DEFENSE BASE ACT INSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program for the United States Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) for purposes of adopting an acquisition strategy for insurance required by the Defense Base Act (42 U.S.C. 1651 et seq.) in order to minimize the cost of such insurance to the Department of Defense. (b) C
RITERIA .—The pilot program acquisition strategy developed pursuant to subsection (a) shall address the following criteria: (1) Minimize overhead costs associated with obtaining insurance required by the Defense Base Act, such as direct or indirect costs for contract management and contract administra-tion. (2) Minimize costs for coverage of such insur-ance consistent with realistic assumptions re-garding the likelihood of incurred claims by contractors of the Department and USACE. (3) Provide for a correlation of premiums paid in relation to claims incurred that is modeled on best practices in government and industry for similar kinds of insurance. (4) Provide for a competitive marketplace for insurance required by the Defense Base Act to the maximum extent practicable. (c) S
INGLE CONTRACT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In adopting the pilot pro-gram acquisition strategy pursuant to sub-section (a), the Secretary shall enter into a sin-gle Defense Base Act insurance contract for USACE for contracts involving performance in all theaters, and potentially including combat operations. (2) S
COPE.—The contract shall extend to all categories of insurance coverage, including con-struction, aviation, security, and services con-tracts. (3) TERM.—The contract entered into under this subsection shall be in effect for at least 3 years, or as considered appropriate by the Sec-retary. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program and the acquisition strategy adopted pursuant to subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a discussion of each of the options consid-ered and the extent to which each option ad-dresses the criteria identified under subsection (b); and (B) a plan to implement within 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act the ac-quisition strategy adopted by the Secretary. (e) R
EVIEW AND RENEWAL OF PILOT PROGRAM  
AND ACQUISITION STRATEGY .—The Secretary shall review the pilot program and may renew the program, provided that the objectives have been reached. 
SEC. 897. PHASE III AWARDS. 
Section 9(r)(4) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(r)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall issue Phase III awards’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘shall— ‘‘(A) consider an award under the SBIR pro-gram or the STTR program to satisfy the re-quirements under section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, and any other applicable competi-tion requirements; and ‘‘(B) issue, without further justification, Phase III awards’’. 
SEC. 898. PILOT PROGRAM FOR STREAMLINED TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION FROM THE SBIR AND STTR PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the terms ‘‘commercialization’’, ‘‘Federal agency’’, ‘‘Phase I’’, ‘‘Phase II’’, ‘‘Phase III’’, ‘‘SBIR’’, and ‘‘STTR’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 9(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e)); (2) the term ‘‘covered small business concern’’ means— (A) a small business concern that completed a Phase II award under the SBIR or STTR pro-gram of the Department; or (B) a small business concern that— (i) completed a Phase I award under the SBIR or STTR program of the Department; and (ii) a contracting officer for the Department recommends for inclusion in a multiple award contract described in subsection (b); (3) the term ‘‘Department’’ means the Depart-ment of Defense; (4) the term ‘‘multiple award contract’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3302(a) of title 41, United States Code; (5) the term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the pilot program established under subsection (b); and (6) the term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall establish a pilot program under which the Department shall award mul-tiple award contracts to covered small business concerns for the purchase of technologies, sup-plies, or services that the covered small business concern has developed through the SBIR or STTR program. (c) W
AIVER OF COMPETITION IN CONTRACTING  A
CTREQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary of Defense may establish procedures to waive provisions of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for purposes of carrying out the pilot program. (d) U
SE OF CONTRACT VEHICLE .—A multiple award contract described in subsection (b) may be used by any service or component of the De-partment. (e) T
ERMINATION .—The pilot program estab-lished under this section shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2023. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent the com-mercialization of products and services produced by a small business concern under an SBIR or STTR program of a Federal agency through— (1) direct awards for Phase III of an SBIR or STTR program; or (2) any other contract vehicle. 
SEC. 899. ANNUAL REPORT ON LIMITATION OF SUBCONTRACTOR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for five years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report listing all contracts entered into during the previous fiscal year using procedures under part 15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation where the prime contractor limited the intellec-tual property rights of one or more subcontrac-tors without being required to do so by the United States Government. 
SEC. 899A. EXTENSION FROM 20 TO 30 YEARS OF MAXIMUM TOTAL PERIOD FOR DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE CONTRACTS FOR STORAGE, HANDLING, OR DIS-TRIBUTION OF LIQUID FUELS AND NATURAL GAS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 2922(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a total of 20 years’’ and inserting ‘‘a total of 30 years’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2027, and shall apply with respect to contracts entered into on or after such date. 
SEC. 899B. EXCEPTION FOR DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE CONTRACTS FROM REQUIRE-MENT THAT BUSINESS OPERATIONS CONDUCTED UNDER GOVERNMENT CONTRACTS ACCEPT AND DISPENSE $1 COINS. 
Section 5112(p)(1) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, with the excep-tion of business operations conducted by any entity under a contract with the Department of Defense,’’ before ‘‘shall take such action’’. 
SEC. 899C. INVESTING IN RURAL SMALL BUSI-NESSES. 
(a) F LEXIBILITY FOR RESIDENCY IN  HUBZ
ONES.—Section 3(p)(5)(A)(i)(I) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(5)(A)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘35 percent’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘33 percent’’. (b) E
NABLING LOCAL COMMUNITIES TOMAXI-
MIZE ECONOMIC POTENTIAL .—The Small Busi-ness Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 3(p)(1) (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(1))— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as sub-paragraph (G); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) another qualified area designated by the Administrator under section 31(d); or’’; and (2) in section 31 (15 U.S.C. 657a)— (A) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (B) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) O
THER QUALIFIED AREAS.— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘covered area’ means an area in a State— ‘‘(i) that is located outside of an urbanized area, as determined by the Bureau of the Cen-sus; and ‘‘(ii) with a population of not more than 50,000; ‘‘(B) the term ‘governor’ means the chief exec-utive of a State; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘State’ means each of the sev-eral States, the District of Columbia, the Com-monwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mar-iana Islands, and American Samoa. ‘‘(2) D
ESIGNATION .—A governor may petition the Administrator to designate one or more cov-ered areas as a HUBZone if the average unem-ployment rate of each covered area is not less 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5937 September 25, 2017 
than 120 percent of the average unemployment rate of the United States or of the State in which the covered area is located, whichever is less, based on the most recent data available from the American Community Survey con-ducted by the Bureau of the Census. ‘‘(3) C
RITERIA .—In reviewing a petition sub-mitted by a governor under paragraph (2), the Administrator may consider— ‘‘(A) the potential for job creation and invest-ment; ‘‘(B) the demonstrated interest of small busi-ness concerns in the covered area to participate in the HUBZone program established under sec-tion 31; and ‘‘(C) the consideration by State and local gov-ernment officials of a HUBZone as part of an economic development strategy. ‘‘(4) P
ETITION .—With respect to a petition submitted by a governor to the Administrator under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) the governor may submit not more than 1 petition in a fiscal year unless the Adminis-trator determines that an additional petition from the State of the governor is appropriate; ‘‘(B) the governor may not submit a petition for more than 10 percent of the total number of covered areas in the State of the governor; and ‘‘(C) if the Administrator grants the petition and designates one or more covered areas as a HUBZone, the governor shall, not less fre-quently than annually, submit data to the Ad-ministrator certifying that each covered area continues to meet the requirements of clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(5) P
ROCESS .—The Administrator shall estab-lish procedures— ‘‘(A) to ensure that the Administration ac-cepts petitions under paragraph (2) from all States each fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) to provide technical assistance, before the filing of a petition under paragraph (2), to a governor who is interested in filing such a pe-tition.’’. (c) E
NSURING TIMELY CONSIDERATION OF  HUBZ
ONEAPPLICATIONS .—Section 3(p)(5) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW OF APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Ad-ministrator receives an application from a small business concern to be certified as a qualified HUBZone small business concern under sub-paragraph (A)(i), the Administrator shall ap-prove or deny the application.’’. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
SEC. 901. CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C HIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective February 1, 2018, section 132a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 132a. Chief Management Officer ‘‘(a) A
PPOINTMENT .—There is a Chief Man-agement Officer of the Department of Defense, appointed from civilian life by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Chief Management Officer shall be ap-pointed from among persons who have an exten-sive management or business background and experience with managing large or complex or-ganizations. A person may not be appointed as Chief Management Officer within seven years after relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular component of an armed force. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—Subject to the au-thority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Chief Management Officer shall perform such duties and exercise such powers as the Secretary may prescribe, including— ‘‘(1) serving as the chief management officer of the Department of Defense with the mission of managing the business operations of the De-partment; ‘‘(2) serving as the principal advisor to the Secretary on establishing policies for, and di-recting, all business operations of the Depart-ment, including business transformation, busi-ness planning and processes, performance man-agement, and business information technology management and improvement activities and programs, including the allocation of resources for business operations and unifying business management efforts across the Department; ‘‘(3) exercising authority, direction, and con-trol over the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities providing shared business services for the Department that are designated by the Secretary for purposes of this paragraph; ‘‘(4) as of January 1, 2019— ‘‘(A) serving as the Chief Information Officer of the Department for purposes of section 2222 of this title; ‘‘(B) administering the responsibilities and duties specified in sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40, section 3506(a)(2) of title 44, and section 2223(a) of this title for business systems and management; and ‘‘(C) any responsibilities, duties, and powers relating to business systems or management that are exercisable by a chief information officer for the Department, other than those responsibil-ities, duties, and powers of a chief information officer that are vested in the Chief Information Warfare Officer by section 142 of this title; ‘‘(5) serving as the official with principal re-sponsibility in the Department for providing for the availability of common, usable, Defense- wide data sets with applications such as improv-ing acquisition outcomes and personnel manage-ment; and ‘‘(6) the authority to direct the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of all other elements of the Department with regard to matters for which the Chief Management Officer has responsibility under this section. ‘‘(c) PRECEDENCE .—The Chief Management Officer takes precedence in the Department of Defense after the Secretary of Defense and the Deputy Secretary of Defense.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—Effective Feb-ruary 1, 2018, the table of sections at the begin-ning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 132a and in-serting the following new item: ‘‘132a. Chief Management Officer.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL OF PRIOR AUTHORI -
TIES ON CMO.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Effective on January 31, 2018, subsection (c) of section 901 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2341; 10 U.S.C. 131 note) is repealed, and the amend-ments to be made by paragraph (4) of that sub-section shall not be made. (2) F
URTHER CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Ef- fective on February 1, 2018, section 132 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS ON PRECEDENCE  
INDOD.—Effective on February 1, 2018, and im-mediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by section 901 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017— (1) section 131(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (9) as paragraphs (3) through (10), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) The Chief Management Officer of the De-partment of Defense.’’; (2) section 133a(c) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and the Deputy Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Deputy Secretary of Defense, and the Chief Management Officer of the Department of De-fense’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Officer,’’ after ‘‘the Deputy Sec-retary,’’; and (3) section 133b(c) of such title is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Officer of the Department of De-fense,’’ after ‘‘the Deputy Secretary of De-fense,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Officer,’’ after ‘‘the Deputy Sec-retary,’’. (d) EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL II.—Effective on February 1, 2018, and immediately after the coming into effect of the amendment made by section 901(h) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by insert-ing before the item relating to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineering the following new item: ‘‘Chief Management Officer of the Depart-ment of Defense.’’. (e) S
ERVICE OF INCUMBENT DEPUTY CHIEF M
ANAGEMENT OFFICER AS CHIEF MANAGEMENT  O
FFICER UPONCOMMENCEMENT OF LATTER PO-
SITION WITHOUT FURTHER APPOINTMENT .—The individual serving in the position of Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense as of February 1, 2018, may continue to serve as Chief Management Officer of the De-partment of Defense under section 132a of title 10, United States Code (as amended by sub-section (a)), commencing as of that date without further appointment pursuant to such section 132a. (f) R
EPORT ON DEFENSE AGENCIES AND FIELD A
CTIVITIES PROVIDING SHARED BUSINESS SERV-
ICES.—Not later than January 15, 2018, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report specifying each Defense Agency and Department of De-fense Field Activity providing shared business services for the Department of Defense that is to be designated by the Secretary for purposes of subsection (b)(3) of section 132a of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), as of the coming into effect of such section 132a. (g) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON TRANSFER OF  O
VERSIGHT OF DEFENSE AGENCIES AND FIELD A
CTIVITIES WITHBUSINESS -SUPPORT FUNCTIONS  
TOCMO.—Upon the transfer of responsibility for oversight of a Defense Agency or Depart-ment of Defense Field Activity specified in sub-section (c) of section 132a of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), to the Chief Man-agement Officer of the Department of Defense, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a notice on the transfer, including the Defense Agency or Field Activity subject to the transfer and a description of the nature and scope of the responsibility for oversight transferred. 
SEC. 902. REALIGNMENT OF RESPONSIBILITIES, DUTIES, AND POWERS OF CHIEF IN-FORMATION OFFICER OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective on January 1, 2019, the responsibilities, duties, and powers vested in the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense as of December 31, 2018, are realigned as follows: (1) There is vested in the Chief Information Warfare Officer of the Department of Defense the responsibilities, duties, and powers provided for by section 142 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subsection (b)). (2) There is vested in the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense any re-sponsibilities, duties, and powers vested in the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense as of December 31, 2018, that are not vested in the Chief Information Warfare Officer by paragraph (1) and such section 142. (b) C
HIEF INFORMATION WARFARE OFFICER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5938 September 25, 2017 
‘‘§ 142. Chief Information Warfare Officer ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—(1) There is a Chief Infor-mation Warfare Officer of the Department of Defense, who shall be appointed from among ci-vilians who are qualified to serve as the Chief Information Warfare Officer by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(2) The Chief Information Warfare Officer shall report directly to the Secretary of Defense in the performance of duties under this section. ‘‘(b) R
ESPONSIBILITY AND AUTHORITY .—(1) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Chief Informa-tion Warfare Officer is responsible for all mat-ters relating to the information environment of the Department of Defense and has the author-ity to establish policy for, and direct the Secre-taries of the military departments and the heads of all other elements of the Department relating to, the matters as follow: ‘‘(A) Space and space launch systems. ‘‘(B) Communications networks and informa-tion technology (other than business systems). ‘‘(C) National security systems. ‘‘(D) Information assurance and cybersecu-rity. ‘‘(E) Electronic warfare and cyber warfare. ‘‘(F) Nuclear command and control and senior leadership communications systems. ‘‘(G) Command and control systems and net-works. ‘‘(H) The electromagnetic spectrum. ‘‘(I) Positioning, navigation, and timing. ‘‘(J) Any other matters assigned to the Chief Information Officer of the Department of De-fense, not relating to business systems or man-agement, in sections 2223 and 2224 of this title, sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40, and sections 3506 and 3544 of title 44. ‘‘(2) In addition to the responsibilities in para-graph (1), the responsibilities of the Chief Infor-mation Warfare Officer include— ‘‘(A) exercising authority, direction, and con-trol over the missions, programs, and organiza-tional elements pertaining to information assur-ance (formally Information Assurance Direc-torate) of the National Security Agency; ‘‘(B) exercising authority, direction, and con-trol over the Defense Information Systems Agen-cy, or any successor organization, for the mat-ters described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(C) responsibilities for policy, oversight, guidance, and coordination for all Department matters relating to the electromagnetic spec-trum, including— ‘‘(i) coordination with other Federal agencies and the private sector; ‘‘(ii) coordination for classified programs; and ‘‘(iii) in coordination with the Under Sec-retary for Personnel and Health, the spectrum management workforce. ‘‘(3) Notwithstanding the exemptions for the Department of Defense in section 11319 of title 40, the authority of the Chief Information War-fare Officer to direct the secretaries of the mili-tary departments for information warfare mat-ters as provided in paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) playing a significant and directive role in the decision processes for all annual and multi-year planning, programming, budgeting, and execution decisions, including the authority to realign the elements of the budgets and budg-et requests of the military departments that per-tain to the responsibilities of the Chief Informa-tion Warfare Officer; ‘‘(B) reviewing and approving any funding re-quest or reprogramming request; ‘‘(C) ensuring that the military departments comply with Government and Department standards on a matter described in paragraph (1) or (2); ‘‘(D) reviewing and approving the appoint-ment of any other employee who functions in the capacity of a Chief Information Officer or a Chief Information Warfare Officer for any com-ponent within the Department, except for the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(E) participating in all meetings, manage-ment, and decision-making forums on issues per-taining to any matter described in paragraph (1) or (2). ‘‘(4) The Chief Information Warfare Officer shall oversee and may require that programs of the military departments comply with such di-rection and standards as the Chief Information Warfare Officer may establish relating to a mat-ter described in paragraph (1) or (2). ‘‘(5) The Chief Information Warfare Officer shall perform such additional duties and exer-cise such additional powers as the Secretary may prescribe. ‘‘(c) C
HIEF INFORMATION OFFICER FOR CER-
TAIN PURPOSES .—The Chief Information War-fare Officer— ‘‘(1) is the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense for purposes of 3554(a)(3) of title 44 and section 2224 of this title; and ‘‘(2) in coordination with the Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense, is the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense for purposes of section 11315 of title 40 and section 2223 of this title. ‘‘(d) P
RINCIPAL CYBER ADVISOR .—In addition to any other duties under this section, the Chief Information Warfare Officer shall serve as Prin-cipal Cyber Advisor under section 932(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note). ‘‘(e) P
RINCIPAL DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  S
PACE ADVISOR .—In addition to any other du-ties under this section, the Chief Information Warfare Officer shall perform the duties of the Principal Department of Defense Space Advisor in accordance with Department of Defense Di-rective 5100.96 and any succeeding directive. ‘‘(f) C
OLLABORATIVE MECHANISMS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish collabora-tion mechanisms between the Chief Information Warfare Officer and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Intelligence, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Public Affairs for purposes of devel-oping and overseeing the execution of offensive and defensive information warfare strategies, plans, programs, and operations. ‘‘(2) The strategies, plans, programs and oper-ations shall appropriately integrate cyber, elec-tronic, and electromagnetic spectrum warfare, military deception, military information support operations, and public affairs to conduct, counter, and deter information warfare. ‘‘(g) P
RECEDENCE IN DOD.—(1) The Chief In-formation Warfare Officer shall take precedence in the Department of Defense with the officials serving in positions specified in section 131(b)(2) of this title. ‘‘(2) The officials serving in positions specified in such section and the Chief Information War-fare Officer take precedence among themselves in the order prescribed by the Secretary.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 142 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘142. Chief Information Warfare Officer.’’. (3) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL II .—Section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to the Dep-uty Secretary of Defense the following new item: ‘‘Chief Information Warfare Officer of the De-partment of Defense.’’. (4) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the Chief Information Officer of the Department of De-fense in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States in that official’s capacity as the official responsible for the information security and information dominance of the Department of Defense shall be deemed to be a reference to Chief Information Warfare Officer of the Department of Defense. (5) P
RINCIPAL CYBER ADVISOR .—Paragraph (1) of section 932(c) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 829; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Chief Information Warfare Officer of the Department of Defense under section 142 of title 10, United States Code, shall serve as the Principal Cyber Advisor to act as the principal advisor to the Secretary on mili-tary cyber forces and activities.’’. (6) S
TANDARDS FOR NETWORKS .—A military de-partment may not develop or procure a network that does not fully comply with such standards as the Chief Information Warfare Officer under section 142 of title 10, United States Code (as amended by paragraph (1)), may establish relat-ing to a matter described in subsection (b) of such section. (7) A
LTERNATIVE PROPOSAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a proposal for such alternatives or modifications to the realignment of responsibilities required by section 142 of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), as the Secretary considers appro-priate, together with an implementation plan for such proposal. The proposal may not be carried out unless approved by statute. (8) Q
UARTERLY BRIEFING ON IMPLEMENTA -
TION.—Not later than January 30, 2018, and every 90 days thereafter through January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall provide to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing on the sta-tus of the implementation of the Chief Informa-tion Warfare Officer of the Department of De-fense under section 142 of title 10, United States Code (as so amended), during the preceding 90 days. (9) E
FFECTIVE DATE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), this subsection and the amend-ments made by this subsection shall take effect on January 1, 2019. (B) I
NTERIM MATTERS .—Paragraphs (7) and (8) of this subsection shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 903. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION AND SUSTAINMENT WITH RESPECT TO SERVICE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS FOR WHICH THE SERVICE ACQUISI-TION EXECUTIVE IS THE MILESTONE DECISION AUTHORITY. 
Effective on February 1, 2018, and imme-diately after the coming into effect of the amendment made by section 901(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), subsection (b)(6) of section 133b of title 10, United States Code, as added by such section 901(b), is amended by striking ‘‘supervisory authority’’ and inserting ‘‘advisory authority’’. 
SEC. 904. EXECUTIVE SCHEDULE MATTERS RE-LATING TO UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION AND SUSTAINMENT. 
(a) I NAPPLICABILITY OF PENDING AMEND -
MENT .—The amendment to be made by section 901(h) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2342) with regard to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall not be made. (b) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL III.—Effec- tive on February 1, 2018, section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting be-fore the item relating to the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy the following: ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment.’’. 
SEC. 905. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT. 
Section 901(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2339; 10 U.S.C. 133a note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘R
ESEARCH AND ENGINEER -
ING.—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Effective on February 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘R
ESEARCH  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5939 September 25, 2017 
AND ENGINEERING .—Effective on February 1, 2018’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 906. REDESIGNATION OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND READINESS AS UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PERSONNEL AND HEALTH. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and Readi-ness’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘and Health’’. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 136. Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Health’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 136 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘136. Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Health.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) T
ITLE 10 .— (A) Subparagraph (D) of section 131(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) The Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Health.’’. (B) Section 137(c) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘and Health’’. (2) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL III .—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Health.’’. (c) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference to the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readi-ness in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Sec-retary of Defense for Personnel and Health. 
SEC. 907. QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT AND ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND POW-ERS OF CERTAIN OFFICIALS WITHIN THE OFFICE OF THE UNDER SEC-RETARY OF DEFENSE (COMP-TROLLER). 
(a) U NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMP-
TROLLER ).— (1) Q
UALIFICATION FOR APPOINTMENT .—Sub- section (a) of section 135 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(a)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) Any individual appointed as Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall be an individual who— ‘‘(i) has significant financial management service in— ‘‘(I) a Federal or State agency that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such agency’s financial statements during the time of such individual’s service; or ‘‘(II) a public company that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such company’s financial statements during the time of such in-dividual’s service; or ‘‘(ii) has served as chief financial officer, dep-uty chief financial officer, or an equivalent ex-ecutive-level position with direct authority for financial management in a large public or pri-vate sector organization. ‘‘(B) In this paragraph, the term ‘public com-pany’ has the meaning given the term ‘issuer’ in section 2(7) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(7)).’’. (2) D
UTIES AND POWERS .—Such section is fur-ther amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) In addition to any duties under sub-section (c), the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall, subject to the authority, di-rection, and control of the Secretary of Defense, do the following: ‘‘(1) Provide guidance and instruction on an-nual performance plans and evaluations to the following: ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretaries of the military departments for financial management. ‘‘(B) Any other official of an agency, organi-zation, or element of the Department of Defense with responsibility for financial management. ‘‘(2) Give directions to the military depart-ments, Defense Agencies, and other organiza-tions and elements of the Department of Defense regarding their financial statements and the audit and audit readiness of such financial statements.’’. (b) DEPUTY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER .— (1) Q
UALIFICATION FOR APPOINTMENT .—Any individual appointed as Deputy Chief Financial Officer of the Department of Defense shall be an individual who— (A) has significant financial management service in— (i) a Federal or State agency that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such agency’s financial statements during the time of such individual’s service; or (ii) a public company that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such company’s financial statements during the time of such in-dividual’s service; or (B) has served as chief financial officer, dep-uty chief financial officer, or an equivalent ex-ecutive-level position with direct authority for financial management in a large public or pri-vate sector organization. (2) P
UBLIC COMPANY DEFINED .—In this sub-section, the term ‘‘public company’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘issuer’’ in section 2(7) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(7)). (c) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take ef-fect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to appointments that are made on or after that date. 
SEC. 908. FIVE-YEAR PERIOD OF RELIEF FROM AC-TIVE DUTY AS A COMMISSIONED OF-FICER OF A REGULAR COMPONENT OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR AP-POINTMENT TO UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE POSITIONS. 
(a) U NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RE-
SEARCH AND ENGINEERING .—Effective on Feb-ruary 1, 2018, and immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by sub-section (a) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (130 Stat. 2339), section 133a(a) of title 10, United States Code (as added by such subsection (a)), is amended by striking ‘‘seven years’’ and inserting ‘‘five years’’. (b) U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUI-
SITION AND SUSTAINMENT .—Effective on Feb-ruary 1, 2018, and immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by sub-section (b) of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (130 Stat. 2340), section 133b(a) of title 10, United States Code (as added by such subsection (b)), is amended by striking ‘‘seven years’’ and inserting ‘‘five years’’. (c) U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR POL-
ICY.—Section 134(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘seven years’’ and inserting ‘‘five years’’. (d) U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (COMP-
TROLLER ).—Section 135(a) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A person may not be appointed as Under Secretary within five years after relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular component of the armed forces.’’. (e) U
NDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR PER-
SONNEL AND HEALTH .—Subsection (a) of section 136 of such title, as amended by section 906(a) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘A person may not be appointed as Under Secretary within five years after relief from active duty as a commis-sioned officer of a regular component of the armed forces.’’. (f) UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTEL-
LIGENCE .—Section 137(a) of such title is amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sen-tence: ‘‘A person may not be appointed as Under Secretary within five years after relief from active duty as a commissioned officer of a regular component of the armed forces.’’. 
SEC. 909. REDESIGNATION OF PRINCIPAL DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARIES OF DEFENSE AS DEPUTY UNDER SECRETARIES OF DEFENSE AND RELATED MATTERS. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .—Section 137a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Principal’’ each place it appears. (b) I
NCREASE IN AUTHORIZED NUMBER .—Sub- section (a)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘five’’ and inserting ‘‘six’’. (c) R
EPLACEMENT OF ATL P OSITION WITHTWO P
OSITIONS IN CONNECTION WITHOSD R EFORM .— Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (5) as paragraphs (3) through (6), respectively; and (2) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) One of the Deputy Under Secretaries is the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering. ‘‘(2) One of the Deputy Under Secretaries is the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment.’’. (d) R
EDESIGNATION OF DUSD FORPERSONNEL  
ANDREADINESS AS DUSD FORPERSONNEL AND  H
EALTH .—Paragraph (4) of subsection (c) of such section, as amended and redesignated by this section, is further amended by striking ‘‘Personnel and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘Per-sonnel and Health’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) OSD.—Paragraph (6) of section 131(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) The Deputy Under Secretaries of De-fense.’’. (2) P
RECEDENCE .—Section 138(d) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘Principal’’. (f) E
XECUTIVE SCHEDULE LEVEL IV.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Principal’’ in the items relat-ing to the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), and the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence; and (B) by striking the item relating to the Prin-cipal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and inserting the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Per-sonnel and Health.’’. (2) OSD 
REFORM .—Section 5315 of such title is further amended by inserting before the item re-lating to the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, as amended by paragraph (1)(A), the following new items: ‘‘Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Re-search and Engineering. ‘‘Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Ac-quisition and Sustainment.’’. (g) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 137a of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 137a. Deputy Under Secretaries of Defense’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 4 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to sec-tion 137a and inserting the following new item: ‘‘137a. Deputy Under Secretaries of Defense.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5940 September 25, 2017 
(h) E FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) ATL 
POSITION AMENDMENTS .—The amend-ments made by subsections (b), (c), and (f)(2) of this section shall take effect on February 1, 2018, immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) of section 901 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2339), to which the amend-ments made by subsections (b), (c), and (f)(2) of this section relate. 
SEC. 910. REDUCTION OF NUMBER AND ELIMI-NATION OF SPECIFIC DESIGNATIONS OF ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) R EDUCTION OF AUTHORIZED NUMBER .— Subsection (a)(1) of section 138 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘14’’ and inserting ‘‘13’’. (b) E
LIMINATION OF CERTAIN SPECIFIC DES-
IGNATIONS .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (2), (3), and (5); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (6) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively. 
SEC. 911. LIMITATION ON MAXIMUM NUMBER OF DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OF DEFENSE. 
The maximum number of Deputy Assistant Secretaries of Defense after the date of the en-actment of this Act may not exceed 46. 
SEC. 912. MODIFICATION OF DEFINITION OF OSD PERSONNEL FOR PURPOSES OF LIM-ITATION ON NUMBER OF OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE PER-SONNEL. 
(a) M ODIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 143(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 903(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘and detailed per-sonnel’’ and inserting ‘‘detailed, and contractor personnel’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on October 1, 2018. (b) R
EPORT ON NUMBER OF CONTRACTOR PER-
SONNEL IN OSD ANDEACHSECRETARIATE OF THE  M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—Not later than De-cember 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report specifying the following: (1) The number of contractor personnel in the Office of the Secretary of Defense as of October, 1, 2017. (2) The number of contractor personnel in each office of a Secretary of a military depart-ment as of October 1, 2017. Subtitle B—Organization of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements 
SEC. 921. REDUCTION IN AUTHORIZED NUMBER OF ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OF THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS. 
(a) A SSISTANT SECRETARIES OF THE ARMY.— Section 3016(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five’’ and inserting ‘‘four’’. (b) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES OF THE NAVY.— Section 5016(a) of such title is amended by strik-ing ‘‘four’’ and inserting ‘‘three’’. (c) A
SSISTANT SECRETARIES OF THE AIR F
ORCE.—Section 8016(a) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘four’’ and inserting ‘‘three’’. 
SEC. 922. QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT OF ASSISTANT SECRETARIES OF THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS FOR FI-NANCIAL MANAGEMENT. 
(a) A SSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE ARMY.—Sec- tion 3016(b)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(4)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Assistant Secretary shall have as his principal responsibility’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) The principal responsibility of the Assist-ant Secretary shall be’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B)(i) Any individual appointed as Assistant Secretary shall be an individual who— ‘‘(I) has significant financial management service in— ‘‘(aa) a Federal or State agency that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such agency’s financial statements during the time of such individual’s service; or ‘‘(bb) a public company that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such company’s financial statements during the time of such in-dividual’s service; or ‘‘(II) has served as chief financial officer, dep-uty chief financial officer, or an equivalent ex-ecutive-level position with direct authority for financial management in a large public or pri-vate sector organization. ‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘public company’ has the meaning given the term ‘issuer’ in section 2(7) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(7)).’’. (b) ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.—Sec- tion 5016(b)(3) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(3)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Assistant Secretary shall have as his principal responsibility’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) The principal responsibility of the Assist-ant Secretary shall be’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B)(i) Any individual appointed as Assistant Secretary shall be an individual who— ‘‘(I) has significant financial management service in— ‘‘(aa) a Federal or State agency that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such agency’s financial statements during the time of such individual’s service; or ‘‘(bb) a public company that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such company’s financial statements during the time of such in-dividual’s service; or ‘‘(II) has served as chief financial officer, dep-uty chief financial officer, or an equivalent ex-ecutive-level position with direct authority for financial management in a large public or pri-vate sector organization. ‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘public company’ has the meaning given the term ‘issuer’ in section 2(7) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(7)).’’. (c) A
SSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE AIR F
ORCE.—Section 8016(b)(3) of such title is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(3)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘The Assistant Secretary shall have as his principal responsibility’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(C) The principal responsibility of the Assist-ant Secretary shall be’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A), as designated by paragraph (1), the following new subparagraph (B): ‘‘(B)(i) Any individual appointed as Assistant Secretary shall be an individual who— ‘‘(I) has significant financial management service in— ‘‘(aa) a Federal or State agency that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such agency’s financial statements during the time of such individual’s service; or ‘‘(bb) a public company that received an audit with an unqualified opinion on such company’s financial statements during the time of such in-dividual’s service; or ‘‘(II) has served as chief financial officer, dep-uty chief financial officer, or an equivalent ex-ecutive-level position with direct authority for financial management in a large public or pri-vate sector organization. ‘‘(ii) In this subparagraph, the term ‘public company’ has the meaning given the term ‘issuer’ in section 2(7) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7201(7)).’’. (d) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with re-spect to appointments that are made on or after that date. Subtitle C—Organization and Management of the Department of Defense Generally 
SEC. 931. REDUCTION IN LIMITATION ON NUM-BER OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SES POSITIONS. 
Section 1109(a)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by striking ‘‘1,260’’ and in-serting ‘‘1,140’’. 
SEC. 932. MANNER OF CARRYING OUT REDUC-TIONS IN MAJOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEADQUARTERS ACTIVI-TIES. 
Section 346(b) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 796; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) M
ANNER OF CARRYING OUT REDUCTIONS .— Reductions in major Department of Defense headquarters activities pursuant to the head-quarters reduction plan referred to in paragraph (1), as modified pursuant to that paragraph, shall be carried out after a consideration of the current manpower levels, historic manpower lev-els, mission requirements, and anticipated staff-ing needs of such headquarters activities nec-essary to meet national defense objectives. Fur-ther, the plan required by subsection (a) shall be modified to take into account the requirement in the preceding sentence.’’. 
SEC. 933. CERTIFICATIONS ON COST SAVINGS ACHIEVED BY REDUCTIONS IN MAJOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES. 
Section 346(b) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 796 10 U.S.C. 111 note), as amended by section 932 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) C
ERTIFICATIONS ON COST SAVINGS  
ACHIEVED .—Not later than 60 days after close of each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, the Direc-tor of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall certify to the Secretary of Defense, and to the congressional defense committees, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The validity of the cost savings achieved for each major Department of Defense head-quarters activity during the fiscal year con-cerned. ‘‘(B) Whether the cost savings achieved for each major Department of Defense headquarters activity during the fiscal year concerned met the savings objective for such activity for such fiscal year, as established pursuant to paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 934. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR PER-SONNEL TO ASSIST IN BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION AND MANAGE-MENT INNOVATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may appoint in the Department of Defense indi-viduals described in subsection (b) without re-gard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, for the purpose of assisting and facilitating the efforts of the Department in business transformation and management innovation. (b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—The individuals described in this subsection are individuals who have all of the following: (1) A management or business background. (2) Experience working with large or complex organizations. (3) Expertise in management and organiza-tional change, data analytics, or business proc-ess design. (c) L
IMITATION ON NUMBER .—The number of individuals appointed pursuant to this section at any one time may not exceed 25 individuals. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5941 September 25, 2017 
(d) N ATURE OF APPOINTMENT .—Any appoint-ment under this section shall be on a term basis. The term of any such appointment shall be spec-ified by the Secretary at the time of the appoint-ment. 
SEC. 935. DATA ANALYTICS CAPABILITY FOR SUP-PORT OF ENHANCED OVERSIGHT AND MANAGEMENT OF THE DEFENSE AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FIELD ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D ATAANALYTICS CAPABILITY REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—By not later than September 30, 2020, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall establish and maintain within the Department of Defense a data analytics capability for purposes of sup-porting enhanced oversight and management of the Defense Agencies and Department of De-fense Field Activities. (2) D
ISCHARGE THROUGH SUCCESSOR POSI -
TION.—If the position of Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer of the Department of Defense is succeeded by another position in the Depart-ment, the duties of the Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer under this section shall be dis-charged by the occupant of such succeeding po-sition. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The data analytics capability shall permit the following: (1) The maintenance on a continuing basis of an accurate tabulation of the amounts being ex-pended by the Defense Agencies and Depart-ment of Defense Field Activities on their per-sonnel. (2) The maintenance on a continuing basis of an accurate number of the personnel currently supporting the Defense Agencies and Field Ac-tivities, including the following: (A) Members of the regular components of the Armed Forces. (B) Members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (C) Civilian employees of the Department of Defense. (D) Employees of contractors of the Depart-ment, including federally funded research and development centers. (E) Detailees, whether from another organiza-tion or element of the Department or from an-other department or agency of the Federal Gov-ernment. (3) The maintenance of a continuing basis of the following: (A) An identification of the functions being performed by each Defense Agency and Field Activity. (B) An accurate tabulation of the amounts being expended by each Defense Agency and Field Activity on its functions. (4) The streamlined assembly and analysis of data for purposes of the capability, including through appropriate automated processes. (c) R
ESOURCES .—In establishing the data ana-lytics capability, the Deputy Chief Management Officer may use the following: (1) Data and information from each of the De-fense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities. (2) Data and information from the Defense Manpower Data Center (DMDC). (3) Subject to the direction and control of the Secretary of Defense, any other resources of the Department the Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer considers appropriate. (d) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Deputy Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the progress of the Deputy Chief Manage-ment Officer in establishing the data analytics capability. The report shall include the fol-lowing: (A) A description and assessment of the efforts of the Deputy Chief Management Officer through the date of the report to establish the data analytics capability. (B) A description of current gaps in the data required to establish the data analytics capa-bility, and a description of the efforts to be un-dertaken to eliminate such gaps. (C) Any other matters in connection with the establishment of the data analytics capability that the Deputy Chief Management Officer con-siders appropriate. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Deputy Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the data analytics capability as established pursuant to this section. The re-port shall include the following: (A) A description and assessment of the data analytics capability. (B) Any other matters in connection with the data analytics capability that the Deputy Chief Management Officer considers appropriate. 
SEC. 936. ENHANCED USE OF DATA ANALYTICS TO IMPROVE ACQUISITION PROGRAM OUTCOMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting jointly through the Deputy Chief Management Officer and the Chief Information Officer of the De-partment of Defense, and in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Armed Forces, establish a set of activities that use data analysis, measurement, and other evaluation-re-lated methods to improve the acquisition out-comes of the Department of Defense and en-hance organizational learning. (b) A
CTIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The set of activities estab-lished under subsection (a) may include the fol-lowing: (A) Establishment of data analytics capabili-ties and organizations within the appropriate military service. (B) Development of capabilities in Department of Defense laboratories, test centers, and Feder-ally funded research and development centers to provide technical support for data analytics ac-tivities that support acquisition program man-agement and business process re-engineering ac-tivities. (C) Increased use of existing analytical capa-bilities available to acquisition programs and of-fices to support improved acquisition outcomes. (D) Funding of intramural and extramural re-search and development activities to develop and implement data analytics capabilities in support of improved acquisition outcomes. (E) Publication, to the maximum extent prac-ticable, and in a manner that protects classified and proprietary information, of data collected by the Department related to acquisition pro-gram costs and activities for access and analyses by the general public. (F) Clarification by the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, of a consistent policy as to the role of data analytics in establishing budgets and making milestone decisions for major defense acquisition programs. (G) Continual assessment, in consultation with the private sector, of the efficiency of cur-rent data collection and analyses processes, so as to minimize the requirement for collection and delivery of data by, from, and to govern-ment organizations. (H) Promulgation of guidance to acquisition programs and activities on the efficient use and sharing of data between programs and organiza-tions to improve acquisition program analytics and outcomes. (I) Promulgation of guidance on assessing and enhancing quality of data and data analyses to support improved acquisition outcomes. (2) G
AP ANALYSIS OF CURRENT ACTIVITIES .— The Secretary shall, in coordination with the Armed Forces, identify the current activities, or-ganizations, and groups of personnel that are pursuing tasks similar to those described in paragraph (1) that are being carried out as of the date of the enactment of this Act. The Sec-retary shall consider such current activities, or-ganizations, and personnel in determining the set of activities to establish pursuant to sub-section (a). (3) TRAINING AND EDUCATION .—The Secretary shall, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logis-tics, conduct a review of the curriculum taught at the National Defense University, the Defense Acquisition University, and appropriate private sector academic institutions to determine the ex-tent to which the curricula include appropriate courses on data analytics and other evaluation- related methods and their application to defense acquisitions. (c) D
ISCHARGE OF CERTAIN DUTIES .—After January 31, 2018— (1) any duties under this section to be dis-charged by the Deputy Chief Management Offi-cer of the Department of Defense shall be dis-charged by the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense; and (2) any duties under this section to be dis-charged by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall be discharged by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. 
SEC. 937. PILOT PROGRAMS ON DATA INTEGRA-TION STRATEGIES FOR THE DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAMS REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall, acting through the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, carry out pilot programs to develop data integration strategies for the Department of Defense to address high-priority challenges of the Department. (b) S
COPE OF PILOT PROGRAMS .—The pilot programs required by subsection (a) shall in-volve data integration strategies to address challenges of the Department with respect to the following: (1) The budget of the Department. (2) Logistics. (3) Personnel security and insider threats. (4) At least two other high-priority challenges of the Department identified by the Secretary for purposes of this section. (c) E
LEMENTS .—In developing a data integra-tion strategy to address a challenge of the De-partment for purposes of a pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall do the fol-lowing: (1) Identify the elements of the Department, and the officials of such elements, to be involved in carrying out the data integration strategy. (2) Specify the elements of the data integra-tion strategy. (3) Specify the policies of the Department, if any, to be modified or waived in order to facili-tate the carrying out of the data integration strategy by enabling timely and continuous sharing of information needed to solve the chal-lenge concerned. (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot programs to be carried out under this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (A) A description of each pilot program, in-cluding the challenge of the Department to be addressed by such pilot program and the man-ner in which the data integration strategy under such pilot program will address the chal-lenge. (B) If the carrying out of any pilot program requires legislative action for the waiver or modification of a statutory requirement that prevents or impedes the carrying out of the pilot program, a recommendation for legislative ac-tion to waive or modify such statutory require-ment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5942 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 938. BACKGROUND AND SECURITY INVES-TIGATIONS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL. 
(a) T RANSITION TODISCHARGE BY DEFENSE SE-
CURITY SERVICE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense has the authority to conduct security, suitability, and credentialing background investigations. In carrying out such authority, the Secretary may use such authority, or may delegate such au-thority to another entity. As part of providing for the conduct of background investigations initiated by the Department of Defense through the Defense Security Service by not later than the deadline specified in subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, provide for a phased transition from the conduct of such investigations by the National Background In-vestigations Bureau (NBIB) of the Office of Per-sonnel Management to the conduct of such in-vestigations by the Defense Security Service by that deadline. (2) P
HASED TRANSITION .—The phased transi-tion required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) provide for the transition of the conduct of investigations to the Defense Security Service using a risk management approach; and (B) be consistent with the transition from leg-acy information technology operated by the Of-fice of Personnel Management to the new infor-mation technology, including the National Background Investigations System, as described in subsection (f). (b) C
OMMENCEMENT OF IMPLEMENTATION PLAN 
FOR ONGOING DISCHARGE OF INVESTIGATIONS  T
HROUGH DSS.—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall commence car-rying out the implementation plan developed pursuant to section 951(a)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2371). (c) T
RANSFER OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS WITHIN  D
OD TODSS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of meeting the requirements in subsections (a) and (b), the Sec-retary of Defense shall transfer the functions, personnel, and associated resources of the orga-nizations specified in paragraph (2) to the De-fense Security Service. (2) O
RGANIZATIONS .—The organizations speci-fied in this paragraph are the following: (A) The Consolidated Adjudications Facility. (B) The Personnel Security Assurance Divi-sion of the Defense Manpower Data Center. (C) Other organizations identified by the Sec-retary for purposes of this subsection. (3) S
UPPORTING ORGANIZATIONS .—In addition to the organizations identified pursuant to (2), the following organizations shall prioritize re-sources to directly support the execution of re-quirements in subsections (a) and (b): (A) The Office of Cost Analysis and Program Evaluation. (B) The Defense Digital Services. (C) Other organizations designated by the Secretary for purposes of this paragraph. (4) T
IMING AND MANNER OF TRANSFER .—The Secretary— (A) may carry out the transfer required by paragraph (1) at any time before the date speci-fied in subsection (b) that the Secretary con-siders appropriate for purposes of this section; and (B) shall carry out the transfer in a manner designed to minimize disruptions to the conduct of background investigations for personnel of the Department of Defense. (d) T
RANSFER OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS IN OPM 
TODSS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of meeting the requirements in subsections (a) and (b), the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, provide for the transfer of the functions de-scribed in paragraph (2), and any associated personnel and resources, to the Department of Defense. (2) FUNCTIONS .—The functions described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Any personnel security investigations functions transferred by the Secretary to the Di-rector pursuant to section 906 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (5 U.S.C. 1101 note). (B) Any other functions of the Office of Per-sonnel Management in connection with back-ground investigations initiated by the Depart-ment of Defense that the Secretary and the Di-rector jointly consider appropriate. (3) L
OCATION WITHIN DOD .—Any functions transferred to the Department pursuant to this subsection shall be located within the Defense Security Service. (e) C
ONDUCT OF CERTAIN ACTIONS .—For pur- poses of the conduct of background investiga-tions following the commencement of the car-rying out of the implementation plan referred to in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall provide for the following: (1) A single capability for the centralized funding, submissions, and processing of all background investigations, from within the De-fense Security Service. (2) The discharge by the Consolidated Adju-dications Facility, from within the Defense Se-curity Service pursuant to transfer under sub-section (c), of adjudications in connection with the following: (A) Background investigations. (B) Continuous evaluation and vetting checks. (f) E
NHANCEMENT OF INFORMATION TECH-
NOLOGY CAPABILITIES OF NBIS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, conduct a re-view of the information technology capabilities of the National Background Investigations Sys-tem (NBIS) in order to determine whether en-hancements to such capabilities are required for the following: (A) Support for background investigations pursuant to this section and section 951 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (B) Support of the National Background In-vestigations Bureau. (C) Execution of the conduct of background investigations initiated by the Department of Defense pursuant to this section, including sub-missions and adjudications. (2) C
OMMON COMPONENT .—In providing for the transition and operation of the System as described in paragraph (1)(C), the Secretary shall, in consultation with the Director, develop a common component of the System usable for background investigations by both the Defense Security Service and the National Background Investigations Bureau. (3) E
NHANCEMENTS .—If the review pursuant to paragraph (1) determines that enhancements de-scribed in that paragraph are required, the Sec-retary shall, in consultation with the Director, carry out such enhancements. (g) U
SE OF CERTAIN PRIVATE INDUSTRY  D
ATA.—In carrying out background and secu-rity investigations pursuant to this section and section 951 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017, the Secretary of Defense may use background materials collected on individuals by the private sector, in accord-ance with national policies and standards, that are applicable to such investigations, including materials as follows: (1) Financial information, including credit scores and credit status. (2) Criminal records. (3) Drug screenings. (4) Verifications of information on resumes and employment applications (such as previous employers, educational achievement, and edu-cational institutions attended). (5) Other publicly available electronic infor-mation. (h) S
ECURITY CLEARANCES FOR CONTRACTOR  P
ERSONNEL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall review the requirements of the Department of Defense relating to position sensitivity des-ignations for contractor personnel in order to determine whether such requirements may be re-assessed or modified to reduce the number and range of contractor personnel who are issued se-curity clearances in connection with work under contracts with the Department. (2) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance to program managers, contracting offi-cers, and security personnel of the Department specifying requirements for the review of con-tractor position sensitivity designations and the number of contractor personnel of the Depart-ment who are issued security clearances for the purposes of determining whether the number of such personnel who are issued security clear-ances should and can be reduced. (i) P
ERSONNEL TOSUPPORT THE TRANSFER OF  F
UNCTIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall au-thorize the Director of the Defense Security Service to promptly increase personnel for the purpose of beginning the establishment and ex-pansion of investigative capacity to support the phased transfer of investigative functions from the Office of Personnel Management to the De-partment of Defense under this section. The Di-rector of Cost Analysis and Program Assessment shall advise the Secretary on the size of the ini-tial investigative workforce and the rate of growth of that workforce. (j) B
RIEFINGS AND REPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT ON FUTURE PERIODIC REINVESTIGA -
TIONS , INSIDER THREAT , AND CONTINUOUS VET -
TING.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of De-fense shall, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management, submit to Con-gress a report that includes the following: (A) An assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of periodic reinvestigations of back-grounds of Government and contractor per-sonnel with security clearances. (B) A plan to provide the Government with an enhanced risk management model which reduces the gaps in coverage perpetuated by the current time-based periodic reinvestigations model, par-ticularly in light of the increasing use of contin-uous background evaluations of such personnel. (C) A plan for expanding continuous back-ground vetting capabilities such as the Installa-tion Matching Engine for Security and Analysis to the broader population, including those at the lowest Tiers and levels of access, which plan shall include details to ensure that all individ-uals credentialed for physical access to Depart-ment of Defense facilities and installations are vetted to the same level of fitness determinations and subject to appropriate continuous vetting. (D) A plan to fully integrate and incorporate insider threat data, tools, and capabilities into the new end-to-end vetting processes and sup-porting information technology established by the Defense Security Service to ensure a holistic and transformational approach to detecting, de-terring, and mitigating threats posed by trusted insiders. (2) Q
UARTERLY BRIEFINGS .—Not later than the end of each calendar year quarter after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a briefing on the progress of the Secretary in carrying out the requirements of this section during such calendar year quarter. Until the backlog of security clearance applica-tions at the National Background Investigations Bureau is eliminated, each quarterly briefing shall also include the current status of the back-log and the resulting mission and resource im-pact to the Department of Defense and the de-fense industrial base. (3) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than the end of each calendar year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5943 September 25, 2017 
paragraph (2) a report on the following for the calendar year in which such report is to be sub-mitted: (A) The status of the Secretary in meeting the requirements in subsections (a), (b), and (c) as of the end of such calendar year. (B) The status as of the end of such calendar year of any transfers to be carried out pursuant to subsection (d). (C) An assessment of the personnel security capabilities of the Department of Defense as of the end of such calendar year. (4) T
ERMINATION .—No briefing or report is re-quired pursuant to paragraph (2) or (3) after December 31, 2020. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 951. TRANSFER OF LEAD OF GUAM OVER-SIGHT COUNCIL FROM THE DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE TO THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY. 
(a) T RANSFER .—Section 5013 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) Until September 30, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall lead the Guam Oversight Council and shall be the principal representative of the Department of Defense for coordinating the interagency efforts in matters relating to Guam, including the following executive orders: ‘‘(1) Executive Order No. 13299 of May 12, 2003 (68 Fed. Reg. 25477; 48 U.S.C. note prec. 1451; re-lating to the Interagency Group on Insular Af-fairs). ‘‘(2) Executive Order No. 12788 of January 15, 1992, as amended (57 Fed. Reg. 2213; relating to the Defense Economic Adjustment Program).’’. (b) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY .—Sec- tion 132 of such title is amended by striking sub-section (e). 
SEC. 952. CORROSION CONTROL AND PREVEN-TION EXECUTIVES MATTERS. 
(a) S COPE AND LEVEL OF POSITIONS .—Sub- section (a) of section 903 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. 2228 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall be the senior official’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be a senior official’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Each individual so designated shall be a senior civilian employee of the military de-partment concerned in pay grade GS–15 or high-er.’’. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) Q
UALIFICATIONS .—Any individual des-ignated as a corrosion control and prevention executive of a military department pursuant to subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(1) have a working knowledge of corrosion prevention and control; ‘‘(2) have strong program management and communication skills; and ‘‘(3) understand the acquisition, research, de-velopment, test, and evaluation, and sustainment policies and procedures of the mili-tary department, including for the sustainment of infrastructure.’’. 
SEC. 953. REQUIREMENT FOR NATIONAL LAN-GUAGE SERVICE CORPS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of 813 of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1913) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘may establish and maintain’’ and inserting ‘‘shall establish and maintain’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘If the Secretary establishes the Corps, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1001. GENERAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) AUTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2018 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any sub-divisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the au-thority of this section may not exceed $4,000,000,000. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI -
TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authoriza-tions under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). (b) L
IMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. (c) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
SEC. 1002. CALCULATIONS FOR PAYMENTS INTO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILI-TARY RETIREMENT FUND USING SIN-GLE LEVEL PERCENTAGE OF BASIC PAY DETERMINED ON ARMED FORCE-WIDE RATHER THAN ARMED FORCES-WIDE BASIS. 
Section 1465 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), in the flush matter at the end of paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Such sin-gle level’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise provided in subsection (d), such single level’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d)(1) Notwithstanding subsection (c), in any actuarial valuation of Department of Defense military retirement and survivor benefits pro-grams for purposes of a fiscal year beginning after fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(A) the determination made pursuant to sub-section (c)(1)(A) shall be a single level percent-age of basic pay for active duty for each armed force (other than the Coast Guard) and for each of the Army National Guard and the Air Na-tional Guard for full-time National Guard duty (rather than the single level percentage of basic pay otherwise required by that subsection); and ‘‘(B) the determination made pursuant to sub-section (c)(1)(B) shall be a single level percent-age of basic pay and of compensation for mem-bers of the Selected Reserve of each armed force (other than the Coast Guard) (rather than the single level percentage of basic pay and of com-pensation otherwise required by that sub-section). ‘‘(2) In making calculations for purposes of subsection (b)(1) for fiscal years after fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense— ‘‘(i) shall not use the single level percentage of basic pay determined under subsection (c)(1)(A) as provided for in subsection (b)(1)(A)(i); but ‘‘(ii) shall use for purposes of subsection (b)(1)(A)(i) each separate single level percentage of basic pay determined under paragraph (1)(A) for each armed force and for each of the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Defense— ‘‘(i) shall not use the single level percentage of basic pay and of compensation determined under subsection (c)(1)(B) as provided for in subsection (b)(1)(B)(i); but ‘‘(ii) shall use for purposes of subsection (b)(1)(B)(i) each separate single level percentage of basic pay and of compensation determined under paragraph (1)(B) for each armed force. ‘‘(3) In making calculations for purposes of section 1466(a) of this title for purposes of depos-its into the Fund for months in fiscal years after fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense— ‘‘(i) shall not use the single level percentage of basic pay determined under subsection (c)(1)(A) as provided for in section 1466(a)(1)(A) of this title; but ‘‘(ii) shall use for purposes of section 1466(a)(1)(A) of this title each separate single level percentage of basic pay determined under paragraph (1)(A) for each armed force and for each of the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary of Defense— ‘‘(i) shall not use the single level percentage of basic pay and of compensation determined under subsection (c)(1)(B) as provided for in sec-tion 1466(a)(2)(A) of this title; but ‘‘(ii) shall use for purposes of section 1466(a)(2)(A) each separate single level percent-age of basic pay and of compensation deter-mined under paragraph (1)(B) for each armed force.’’. SEC. 1003. CERTIFICATIONS ON AUDIT READI-NESS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE AND THE MILITARY DEPART-MENTS, DEFENSE AGENCIES, AND OTHER ORGANIZATIONS AND ELE-MENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Not later than September 30, 2017, and each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the con-gressional defense committees whether or not the full financial statements of the Department of Defense are audit ready as of the date of such certification. (b) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS , DEFENSE AGEN-
CIES, AND OTHER ORGANIZATIONS AND ELE-
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2017, and each year thereafter, each Secretary of a military department, each head of a De-fense Agency, and each head of any other orga-nization or element of the Department of De-fense designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this subsection shall certify to the congressional defense committees whether or not the full financial statements of the military de-partment, the Defense Agency, or the organiza-tion or element concerned became audit ready during the fiscal year in which such certifi-cation is to be submitted. (2) T
RANSMITTAL THROUGH SECRETARY OF DE -
FENSE .—The individual certifications required by this subsection shall be transmitted to the congressional defense committees collectively by the Secretary under procedures established by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (c) T
ERMINATION ON RECEIPT OF AUDIT OPIN-
ION ON FULLFINANCIAL STATEMENTS .—A certifi- cation is no longer required under subsection (a) or (b) with respect to the Department of De-fense, or a military department, Defense Agen-cy, or organization or element of the Depart-ment, as applicable, after the Department of De-fense or such military department, Defense Agency, or organization or element receives an audit opinion on its full financial statements. (d) A
UDIT READY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘audit ready’’, with respect to the full financial statements of the Department of De-fense, a military department, a Defense Agency, or another organization or element of the De-partment of Defense, means that the Depart-ment of Defense, the military department, the Defense Agency, or the organization or element 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5944 September 25, 2017 
has in place critical audit capabilities and asso-ciated infrastructure to successfully start and support a financial audit of its full financial statements. 
SEC. 1004. FAILURE TO OBTAIN AUDIT OPINION ON FISCAL YEAR FULL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EDUCTION IN BASIC PAY OF MILITARY  S
ECRETARIES FOR FAILURE TO OBTAIN AUDIT O
PINION ON FULLFINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR  F
ISCAL YEARS 2018 AND THEREAFTER .—If the Department of Defense does not obtain an audit opinion on its full financial statements for fiscal year 2018, or any fiscal year thereafter, by March 31 of the succeeding calendar year, the annual rate of basic pay payable for each Sec-retary of a military department for the calendar year next following such succeeding calendar year shall be the annual rate of basic pay for positions at level III of the Executive Schedule pursuant to section 5313 of title 5, United States Code, rather than the annual rate of basic pay otherwise provided for the positions of Secretary of a military department by law. (b) R
EVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS ON EF-
FORTS TOOBTAIN AUDIT OPINION ON FULLFI-
NANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR FISCAL YEAR2018 BY M
ARCH 31, 2019.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If the Department does not obtain an audit opinion on its full financial statements for fiscal year 2018 by March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Department a team of distinguished, private sector experts with experience con-ducting financial audits of large public or pri-vate sector organizations to review and make recommendations to improve the efforts of the Department to obtain an audit opinion on its full financial statements. (2) S
COPE OF ACTIVITIES .—The team estab-lished pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) identify impediments to the progress of the Department in obtaining an audit opinion on its full financial statements, including an identi-fication of the organizations or elements that are lagging in their efforts toward obtaining such audit opinion; (B) estimate when an audit opinion on the full financial statements of the Department will be obtained; and (C) consider mechanisms and incentives to support efficient achievement by the Depart-ment of its audit goals, including organizational mechanisms to transfer direction and manage-ment control of audit activities from subordinate organizations to the Office of the Secretary of Defense, individual personnel incentives, work-force improvements (including in senior leader-ship positions), business process, technology, and systems improvements (including the use of data analytics), and metrics by which the Sec-retary and Congress may measure and assess progress toward achievement of the audit goals of the Department. (3) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary takes action pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, not later than September 30, 2019, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the team established pursuant to that paragraph, including a description of the actions taken and to be taken by the team pursuant to paragraph (2). 
SEC. 1005. IMPROPER PAYMENT MATTERS. 
Subject to the authority, direction, and con-trol of the Secretary of Defense, the Under Sec-retary of Defense (Comptroller) shall take the following actions: (1) With regard to estimating improper pay-ments: (A) Establish and implement key quality as-surance procedures, such as reconciliations, to ensure the completeness and accuracy of sam-pled populations. (B) Revise the procedures for the sampling methodologies of the Department of Defense so that such procedures— (i) comply with Office of Management and Budget guidance and generally accepted statis-tical standards; (ii) produce statistically valid improper pay-ment error rates, statistically valid improper payment dollar estimates, and appropriate con-fidence intervals for both; and (iii) in meeting clauses (i) and (ii), take into account the size and complexity of the trans-actions being sampled. (2) With regard to identifying programs sus-ceptible to significant improper payments, con-duct a risk assessment that complies with the Improper Payments Elimination and Recovery Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–204) and the amend-ments made by that Act (in this section collec-tively referred to as ‘‘IPERA’’). (3) With regard to reducing improper pay-ments, establish procedures that produce correc-tive action plans that— (A) comply fully with IPERA and associated Office of Management and Budget guidance, in-cluding by holding individuals responsible for implementing corrective actions and monitoring the status of corrective actions; and (B) are in accordance with best practices, such as those recommended by the Chief Finan-cial Officers Council, including by providing for— (i) measurement of the progress made toward remediating root causes of improper payments; and (ii) communication to the Secretary of Defense and the heads of departments, agencies, and or-ganizations and elements of the Department of Defense, and key stakeholders, on the progress made toward remediating the root causes of im-proper payments. (4) With regard to implementing recovery au-dits for improper payments, develop and imple-ment procedures to— (A) identify costs related to the recovery au-dits and recovery efforts of the Department of Defense; and (B) evaluate improper payment recovery ef-forts in order to ensure that they are cost effec-tive. (5) Monitor the implementation of the revised chapter of the Financial Management Regula-tions on recovery audits in order to ensure that the Department of Defense, the military depart-ments, the Defense Agencies, and the other or-ganizations and elements of the Department of Defense either conduct recovery audits or dem-onstrate that it is not cost effective to do so. (6) Develop and submit to the Office of Man-agement and Budget for approval a payment re-capture audit plan that fully complies with Of-fice of Management and Budget guidance. (7) With regard to reporting on improper pay-ments, design and implement procedures to en-sure that the annual improper payment and re-covery audit reporting of the Department of De-fense is complete, accurate, and complies with IPERA and associated Office of Management and Budget guidance. SEC. 1006. FINANCIAL OPERATIONS DASHBOARD FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) F INANCIAL OPERATIONS DASHBOARD .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller) shall develop and maintain on an Internet website available to Federal Gov-ernment agencies a tool (commonly referred to as a ‘‘dashboard)’’ to permit Federal Govern-ment officials to track key indicators of the fi-nancial performance of the Department of De-fense, including outstanding accounts payable, abnormal accounts payable, outstanding ad-vances, unmatched disbursements, abnormal un-delivered orders, negative unliquidated obliga-tions, violations of sections 1341 and 1517(a) of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Anti-Deficiency Act’’), costs deriving from payment delays, interest penalty pay-ments, and improper payments, and actual sav-ings realized through interest payments made, discounts for timely or advanced payments, and other financial management and improvement initiatives. (2) INFORMATION COVERED .—The tool shall cover financial performance information for the military departments, the defense agencies, and any other organizations or elements of the De-partment of Defense. (3) T
RACKING OF PERFORMANCE OVER TIME .— The tool shall permit the tracking of financial performance over time, including by month, quarter, and year, and permit users of the tool to export both current and historical data on fi-nancial performance. (4) U
PDATES .—The information covered by the tool shall be updated not less frequently than monthly. (b) A
NNUAL REPORT ON VALUE CREATED BY  I
MPROVED FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT .—Not later than December 31 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth, for each military department, defense agency, and other organization or element of the Department of Defense, the following: (1) A description of the value, if any, that ac-crued as a result of improved financial manage-ment and related cost-savings initiatives during the most recent fiscal year. (2) A description of the manner in which such value, if any, was applied, and will be applied, to provide mission value. (3) A target for the savings to be achieved as a result of improved financial management and related cost-savings initiatives during the fiscal year in which such report is submitted. 
SEC. 1007. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES RECOMMENDA-TIONS ON AUDIT CAPABILITIES AND INFRASTRUCTURE AND RELATED MATTERS. 
(a) B I-MONTHLY SUMMARY OF STATUS OF  A
UDIT CORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN.—The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall assem-ble on a bi-monthly basis a management sum-mary of the current status of actions under the consolidated audit corrective action plan (CAP) with respect to the critical audit capabilities and associated infrastructure of the Department of Defense, the military departments, the De-fense Agencies, and other organizations and ele-ments of the Department of Defense. (b) C
ENTRALIZED MONITORING AND REPORTING  P
ROCESS .—The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall develop and implement a centralized monitoring and reporting process that captures and maintains up-to-date infor-mation, including the standard data elements recommended in the Implementation Guide for OMB Circular A–123, for all corrective action plans Department of Defense-wide that pertain to critical audit capabilities and associated in-frastructure. 
SEC. 1008. INFORMATION ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FUNDING IN DEPARTMENT PRESS RELEASES AND RELATED PUBLIC STATEMENTS ON PRO-GRAMS, PROJECTS, AND ACTIVITIES FUNDED BY THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) I NFORMATION REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 134 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by in-serting after section 2257 the following new sec-tion: ‘‘§ 2258. Department of Defense press releases and related public statements on Depart-ment funded programs, projects, and activi-ties ‘‘Any press release, statement, or other docu-ment issued to the public by the Department of Defense that describes a program, project, or ac-tivity funded, whether in whole or in part, by amounts provided by the Department, including any project, project, or activity of a foreign, State, or local government, shall clearly state the following: ‘‘(1) That the program, project, or activity is funded, in whole or in part (as applicable), by funds provided by the Department. ‘‘(2) An estimate of the amount of funding from the Department that the program, project, or activity currently receives.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5945 September 25, 2017 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of subchapter II of chap-ter 134 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2257 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2258. Department of Defense press releases and related public statements on De-partment funded programs, projects, and activities.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to programs, projects, and activities funded by the Department of Defense with amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years after fiscal year 2018. Subtitle B—Counterdrug Activities 
SEC. 1011. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT A UNIFIED COUNTERDRUG AND COUNTERTER-RORISM CAMPAIGN IN COLOMBIA. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1021 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 118 Stat. 2042), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2385), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of such section 1021 is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘organiza-tions designated as’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘terrorist organizations and other ille-gally armed groups determined by the Secretary of Defense to pose a significant threat to the na-tional security interests of the United States.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘authority’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘authority as follows: ‘‘(A) To protect human health and welfare in emergency circumstances, including the under-taking of rescue operations. ‘‘(B) To support efforts to demobilize, disarm, and reintegrate members of illegally armed groups.’’. Subtitle C—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1016. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON MINIMUM NUMBER OF BATTLE FORCE SHIPS. 
(a) P OLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States to have available, as soon as prac-ticable, not fewer than 355 battle force ships, comprised of the optimal mix of platforms, with funding subject to the availability of appropria-tions or other funds. (b) B
ATTLE FORCE SHIPS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘battle force ships’’ has the meaning given the term in Secretary of the Navy Instruction 5030.8C. 
SEC. 1017. OPERATIONAL READINESS OF LIT-TORAL COMBAT SHIPS ON EX-TENDED DEPLOYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 7310 of title 10, United States Code, is amend-ed— (1) by inserting ‘‘U
NDER JURISDICTION OF THE  S
ECRETARY OF THE NAVY’’ in the subsection heading after ‘‘V
ESSELS ’’; (2) by striking ‘‘A naval vessel (or any other vessel under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Navy)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as pro-vided in paragraph (2), a naval vessel’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), in the case of a naval vessel classified as a Littoral Combat Ship and operating on deployment, cor-rective and preventive maintenance or repair (whether intermediate or depot level) and facili-ties maintenance may be performed on the ves-sel— ‘‘(i) in a foreign shipyard; ‘‘(ii) at a facility outside of a foreign ship-yard; or ‘‘(iii) at any other facility convenient to the vessel. ‘‘(B)(i) Corrective and preventive maintenance or repair may be performed on a vessel as de-scribed in subparagraph (A) if the work is per-formed by United States Government personnel or United States contractor personnel. ‘‘(ii) Facilities maintenance may be performed by a foreign contractor on a vessel as described in subparagraph (A) only as approved by the Secretary of the Navy.’’. (b) DEFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘corrective and preventive main-tenance or repair’ means— ‘‘(A) maintenance or repair actions performed as a result of a failure in order to return or re-store equipment to acceptable performance lev-els; and ‘‘(B) scheduled maintenance or repair actions to prevent or discover functional failures. ‘‘(2) The term ‘facilities maintenance’ means preservation or corrosion control efforts and cleaning services.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7310. Overhaul, repair, and maintenance of vessels in foreign shipyards and facilities: restrictions; exceptions’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7310 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘7310. Overhaul, repair, and maintenance of vessels in foreign shipyards and facilities: restrictions; excep-tions.’’. 
SEC. 1018. AUTHORITY TO PURCHASE USED VES-SELS TO RECAPITALIZE THE READY RESERVE FORCE AND THE MILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND SURGE FLEET. 
(a) D EPOSIT OF ADDITIONAL FUNDS IN NA-
TIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND.— (1) O
THER FUNDS MADE AVAILABLE TO DEPART -
MENT OF THE NAVY .—Subsection (d) of section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graph: ‘‘(4) Any other funds made available to the Department of the Navy for carrying out the purposes of the Fund set forth in subsection (c).’’. (2) E
XPIRATION OF FUNDS AFTER 5 YEARS .— Subsection (g) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (d)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or (4) of subsection (d)’’. (b) A
UTHORITY TOPURCHASE USEDVESSELS .— Subsection (f) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) Notwithstanding the limitations in paragraph (1) and subsection (c)(1)(E), the Sec-retary of Defense may, as part of a program to recapitalize the Ready Reserve Force component of the National Defense Reserve Fleet and the Military Sealift Command surge fleet, purchase used vessels, regardless of where constructed, from among vessels previously participating in the Maritime Security Fleet, if available at a reasonable cost (as determined by the Sec-retary). If such previously participating vessels are not available at a reasonable cost, used ves-sels comparable to such previously participating vessels may be purchased from any source, re-gardless of where constructed, if available at a reasonable cost (as determined by the Sec-retary). ‘‘(B) In exercising the authority in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall purchase used vessels constructed in the United States, if available at a reasonable cost (as determined by the Secretary). ‘‘(C) In exercising the authority in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that any conversion, modernization, maintenance, or re-pair of vessels occurs in shipyards located in the United States, except in emergency situations (as determined by the Secretary).’’. (c) DEFINITION OF MARITIME SECURITY  F
LEET.—Subsection (k) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The term ‘Maritime Security Fleet’ means the fleet established under section 53102(a) of title 46.’’. (d) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subsection (i) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘(50 U.S.C. App. 1744)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4405)’’. 
SEC. 1019. SURVEYING SHIPS. 
(a) S URVEYING SHIPREQUIREMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of Naval Operations shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a force structure assessment that establishes a surveying ship requirement. The Chief of Naval Operations shall conduct the assessment for purposes of the report, and may limit the assessment to surveying ships. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘surveying ship’’ has the mean-ing given the term in Secretary of the Navy In-struction 5030.8C. (2) The term ‘‘force structure assessment’’ has the meaning given the term in Chief of Naval Operations Instruction 3050.27. 
SEC. 1020. PILOT PROGRAM ON FUNDING FOR NA-TIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT VESSELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasability and advisability of the use of the au-thorities specified in subsection (b) in connec-tion with research and development and oper-ation, maintenance, and lease or charter of na-tional defense sealift vessels. (b) A
UTHORITIES .—The authorities specified in this subsection are authorities as follows: (1) To derive funds for obligations and ex-penditures for research and development relat-ing to national defense sealift vessels from the Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, Navy account. (2) To derive funds for obligations and ex-penditures for operation, maintenance, and lease or charter of national defense sealift ves-sels from the Operation and Maintenance, Navy account. (3) To use funds in the account referred to in paragraph (1) for obligations and expenditures described in that paragraph, and to use funds in the account referred to in paragraph (2) for obligations and expenditures described in that paragraph, without the transfer of such funds to the National Defense Sealift Fund. (c) L
IMITATION .—The authorities in subsection (b) may be used under the pilot program only with respect to applicable amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of De-fense for fiscal years 2018 and 2019. (d) C
ONTINUING AVAILABILITY OF NDSF F
UNDS.—Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to prohibit the use of amounts available in the National Defense Sealift Fund for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 for use for the purposes of the Fund under section 2218(c) of title 10, United States Code, in such fiscal years. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the conclusion of the pilot program, the Sec-retary, the Commander of the United States Transportation Command, and the Adminis-trator of the Maritime Administration each shall submit to the congressional defense committees an independent report on the pilot program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report shall include the following: (A) A description of lessons learned from the pilot program regarding the efficacy of funding national defense sealift vessel requirements using the accounts specified in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) rather than the Na-tional Defense Sealift Fund. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5946 September 25, 2017 
(B) An assessment of potential operational, fi-nancial, and other significant impacts if the pilot program is made permanent. (C) Such recommendations as the official sub-mitting such report considers appropriate re-garding modifications of section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, in light of the pilot pro-gram. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘national defense sealift vessel’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2218(k)(3) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘National Defense Sealift Fund’’ means the Fund established by section 2218 of title 10, United States Code. Subtitle D—Counterterrorism 
SEC. 1031. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 1032 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1032. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MOD-IFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1033(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1033. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RE-LEASE TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1034 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1034. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR REALIGNMENT OF FORCES AT OR CLOSURE OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTA-NAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1035 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2391) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘any of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’. 
SEC. 1035. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER INDIVID-UALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES TEM-PORARILY FOR EMERGENCY OR CRITICAL MEDICAL TREATMENT. 
(a) T EMPORARY TRANSFER FOR MEDICAL  T
REATMENT .—Notwithstanding section 1032 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as amended by section 1031 of this Act, or any similar provi-sion of law enacted after September 30, 2015, the Secretary of Defense may, after consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, tem-porarily transfer an individual detained at Guantanamo to a Department of Defense med-ical facility in the United States for the sole purpose of providing the individual medical treatment if the Secretary of Defense determines that— (1) the medical treatment of the individual is necessary to prevent death or imminent signifi-cant injury or harm to the health of the indi-vidual; (2) the necessary medical treatment is not available to be provided at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, without in-curring excessive and unreasonable costs; and (3) the Department of Defense has provided for appropriate security measures for the cus-tody and control of the individual during any period in which the individual is temporarily in the United States under this section. (b) LIMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— The authority of the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) may be exercised only by the Sec-retary of Defense or another official of the De-partment of Defense at the level of Under Sec-retary of Defense or higher. (c) C
ONDITIONS OF TRANSFER .—An individual who is temporarily transferred under the au-thority in subsection (a) shall— (1) while in the United States, remain in the custody and control of the Secretary of Defense at all times; and (2) be returned to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as soon as feasible after a Department of Defense physician deter-mines, in consultation with the Commander, Joint Task Force-Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, that any necessary follow-up medical care may rea-sonably be provided the individual at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (d) S
TATUS WHILE IN UNITED STATES .—An in- dividual who is temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a), while in the United States— (1) shall be deemed at all times and in all re-spects to be in the uninterrupted custody of the Secretary of Defense, as though the individual remained physically at United States Naval Sta-tion, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; (2) shall not at any time be subject to, and may not apply for or obtain, or be deemed to enjoy, any right, privilege, status, benefit, or eligibility for any benefit under any provision of the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), or any other law or regulation; (3) shall not be permitted to avail himself of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to individ-uals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay; and (4) shall not, as a result of such transfer, have a change in any designation that may have at-tached to that detainee while detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Mili-tary Force (Public Law 107–40), as determined in accordance with applicable law and regula-tions. (e) N
OCAUSE OF ACTION .—Any decision to transfer or not to transfer an individual made under the authority in subsection (a) shall not give rise to any claim or cause of action. (f) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) L
IMITATION .—Except as provided in para-graph (2), no court, justice, or judge shall have jurisdiction to hear or consider any claim or ac-tion against the United States or its depart-ments, agencies, officers, employees, or agents arising from or relating to any aspect of the de-tention, transfer, treatment, or conditions of confinement of an individual transferred under this section. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR HABEAS CORPUS .—The United States District Court for the District of Columbia shall have exclusive jurisdiction to consider an application for writ of habeas cor-pus seeking release from custody filed by or on behalf of an individual who is in the United States pursuant to a temporary transfer under the authority in subsection (a). Such jurisdic-tion shall be limited to that required by the Con-stitution, and relief shall be only as provided in paragraph (3). In such a proceeding the court may not review, halt, or stay the return of the individual who is the object of the application to United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, pursuant to subsection (c). (3) R
ELIEF .—A court order in a proceeding covered by paragraph (2)— (A) may not order the release of the individual within the United States; and (B) shall be limited to an order of release from custody which, when final, the Secretary of De-fense shall implement in accordance with sec-tion 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 801 note). (g) NOTIFICATION .—Whenever a temporary transfer of an individual detained at Guanta-namo is made under the authority of subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of the transfer not later than five days after the date on which the transfer is made. (h) I
NDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual detained at Guantanamo’’ means an individual located at United States Naval Station, Guanta-namo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— (1) is not a national of the United States (as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)) or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. (i) A
PPLICABILITY .—This section shall apply to an individual temporarily transferred under the authority in subsection (a) regardless of the status of any pending or completed proceeding or detention on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle E—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1041. MATTERS RELATING TO THE SUB-MITTAL OF FUTURE-YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAMS. 
(a) T IMING OF SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Sub- section (a) of section 221 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘at or about the same time’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than five days after the date on which’’. (b) M
ANNER AND FORM OF SUBMITTAL .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (a) by inserting ‘‘make avail-able to United States Government entities and’’ before ‘‘submit to Congress’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d)(1) The Secretary of Defense shall make available to United States Government entities and submit to Congress each future-years de-fense program under this section as follows: ‘‘(A) By making such program available on an Internet website of the Under Secretary of De-fense (Comptroller) available to United States Government in the form of an unclassified elec-tronic database. ‘‘(B) By delivering printed copies of such pro-gram to the congressional defense committee. ‘‘(2) In the event inclusion of classified mate-rial in a future-years defense program would otherwise render the totality of the program classified for purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) such program shall be made available to United States Government entities and sub-mitted to Congress in unclassified form, with such material attached as a classified annex; and ‘‘(B) such annex shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Congres-sional Budget Office, the Comptroller General of the United States, and the Congressional Re-search Service.’’. (c) A
CCURACY OF INFORMATION .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(e) Each future-years defense program under this subsection shall be accompanied by a cer-tification by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), in the case of the Department of Defense, and the comptroller of each military department, in the case of such military depart-ment, that any information entered into the Standard Data Collection System of the Depart-ment of Defense, the Comptroller Information System, or any other data system, as applicable, for purposes of assembling such future-years de-fense program was accurate.’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5947 September 25, 2017 
(1) H EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of section 221 of such title is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 221. Future-years defense program: consist-ency in budgeting; availability to United States Government entities and submittal to Congress’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 221 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘221. Future-years defense program: consistency in budgeting; availability to United States Government entities and submittal to Congress.’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to fu-ture-years defense programs submitted at the time of budgets of the President for fiscal years beginning after fiscal year 2018. (f) D
OD GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), update Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, and any other appropriate instruc-tions and guidance, to ensure that the Depart-ment of Defense takes appropriate actions to comply with the amendments made by this sec-tion in the submittal of future-years defense programs in calendar years after calendar year 2017. 
SEC. 1042. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTEGRA-TION OF INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND CYBER-ENABLED INFORMATION OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NTEGRATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  I
NFORMATION OPERATIONS AND CYBER-ENABLED  I
NFORMATION OPERATIONS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF CROSS -FUNCTIONAL  
TASK FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a cross-functional task force con-sistent with section 911(c)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) to integrate across the organizations of the Department of Defense responsible for information operations, military deception, public affairs, electronic warfare, and cyber operations to produce integrated strategy, planning, and budgeting to counter, deter, and conduct strategic information oper-ations and cyber-enabled information oper-ations. (B) D
UTIES .—The task force shall carry out the following: (i) Development of a strategic framework for the conduct by the Department of Defense of in-formation operations, including cyber-enabled information operations, coordinated across all relevant Department of Defense entities, includ-ing both near-term and long-term guidance for the conduct of such coordinated operations. (ii) Development and dissemination of a com-mon operating paradigm across the organiza-tions specified in subparagraph (A) of the influ-ence, deception, and propaganda activities of key malign actors, including in cyberspace. (iii) Development of guidance for, and pro-motion of, the liaison capability of the Depart-ment to interact with the private sector, includ-ing social media, on matters related to the influ-ence activities of malign actors. (2) H
EAD OF CROSS -FUNCTIONAL TASK FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall appoint as the head of the task force such individual as the Secretary considers appro-priate from among individuals serving in the Department as an Under Secretary of Defense or in such other position within the Department of lesser order of precedence. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the head of the task force are as follows: (i) Oversight of strategic policy and guidance. (ii) Overall resource allocation for the integra-tion of information operations and cyber oper-ations of the Department. (iii) Ensuring the task force faithfully pursues the purpose set forth in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) and carries out its duties as set forth in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. (iv) Carrying out such activities as are re-quired of the head of the task force under sub-sections (b) and (c). (b) REQUIREMENTS AND PLANS FOR INFORMA -
TION OPERATIONS .— (1) C
OMBATANT COMMAND PLANNING .—The Secretary shall require each commander of a combatant command to develop such require-ments and specific plans as may be necessary for the conduct of information operations, includ-ing plans for deterring information operations, particularly in the cyber domain, by malign ac-tors against the United States, allies of the United States, and interests of the United States. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR DEPARTMENT  
OF DEFENSE STRATEGY FOR OPERATIONS IN THE  
INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of the task force shall— (i) review the Department of Defense Strategy for Operations in the Information Environment, dated June 2016; and (ii) submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a plan for implementation of such strat-egy. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation plan shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i) An accounting of the efforts undertaken in support of the strategy described in subpara-graph (A)(i) since it was issued in June 2016. (ii) A description of any updates or changes to such strategy that have been made since it was first issued, as well as any expected updates or changes in light of the establishment of the task force. (iii) A description of the role of the Depart-ment as part of a broader whole-of-government strategy for strategic communications, including assumptions about the roles and contributions of other Government departments and agencies to such a strategy. (iv) Defined actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines to achieve the following specified tasks: (I) Train, educate, and prepare commanders and their staffs, and the Joint Force as a whole, to lead, manage, and conduct operations in the information environment. (II) Train, educate, and prepare information operations professionals and practitioners to en-able effective operations in the information en-vironment. (III) Manage information operations profes-sionals, practitioners, and organizations to meet emerging operational needs. (IV) Establish a baseline assessment of current ability of the Department to conduct operations in the information environment, including an identification of the types of units and organi-zations currently responsible for building and employing information-related capabilities and an assignment of appropriate roles and missions for each type of unit or organization. (V) Develop the ability of the Department and operating forces to engage, assess, characterize, forecast, and visualize the information environ-ment. (VI) Develop and maintain the proper capa-bilities and capacity to operate effectively in the information environment in coordination with implementation of related cyber and other strat-egies. (VII) Develop and maintain the capability to assess accurately the effect of operations in the information environment. (VIII) Adopt, adapt, and develop new science and technology for the Department to operate effectively in the information environment. (IX) Develop and adapt information environ-ment-related concepts, policies, and guidance. (X) Ensure doctrine relevant to operations in the information environment remains current and responsive based on lessons learned and best practices. (XI) Develop, update, and de-conflict authori-ties and permissions, as appropriate, to enable effective operations in the information environ-ment. (XII) Establish and maintain partnerships among Department and interagency partners to enable more effective whole-of-government oper-ations in the information environment. (XIII) Establish and maintain appropriate interaction with entities that are not part of the Federal Government, including entities in in-dustry, entities in academia, Federally funded research and development centers, and other or-ganizations, to enable operations in the infor-mation environment. (XIV) Establish and maintain collaboration between and among the Department and inter-national partners, including partner countries and nongovernmental organizations, to enable more effective operations in the information en-vironment. (XV) Foster, enhance, and leverage partner-ship capabilities and capacities. (v) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps that will need to be addressed to ensure effective imple-mentation of the strategy described in subpara-graph (A)(i) across all relevant elements of the Department. (vi) An investment framework and projected timeline for addressing any gaps identified under clause (v). (vii) Such other matters as the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (C) P
ERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the imple-mentation plan is submitted under subpara-graph (A)(ii) and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter until the date that is three years after the date of such submittal, the head of the task force shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report describ-ing the status of the efforts of the Department to accomplish the tasks specified under clauses (iv) and (vi) of subparagraph (B). (c) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements of the implementation plan re-quired under clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (b)(2)(B)(4), the head of the task force shall es-tablish programs to provide training and edu-cation to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure understanding of the role of information in war-fare, the central goal of all military operations to affect the perceptions, views, and decision- making of adversaries, and the effective man-agement and conduct of operations in the infor-mation environment. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE  O
FFICER FOR INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND  C
YBER OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a position within the Department of De-fense known as the ‘‘Defense Intelligence Offi-cer for Information Operations and Cyber Oper-ations’’. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘head of the task force’’ means the head appointed under subsection (a)(2)(A). (2) The term ‘‘implementation plan’’ means the plan required by subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii). (3) The term ‘‘task force’’ means the cross- functional task force established under sub-section (a)(1)(A). 
SEC. 1043. PROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVI-TIES WITH RESPECT TO THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE BY CERTAIN OFFICERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES OF THE DEPARTMENT WITHIN TWO YEARS OF SEPARATION FROM MILITARY SERVICE OR EMPLOYMENT WITH THE DEPARTMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—An individual described in subsection (b) may not engage in lobbying ac-tivities with respect to the Department of De-fense during the two-year period beginning on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5948 September 25, 2017 
the date of retirement or separation from service in the Armed Forces or the date of retirement or separation from service with the Department, as applicable. (b) C
OVERED INDIVIDUALS .—An individual de-scribed in this section is the following: (1) An officer of the Armed Forces in grade O– 7 or higher at the time of retirement or separa-tion from the Armed Forces. (2) A civilian employee of the Department of Defense at the Senior Executive Service (SES) level or higher at the time of retirement or sepa-ration from service with the Department. (c) L
OBBYING ACTIVITIES WITHRESPECT TO  
THEDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEFINED .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘lobbying activities with respect to the Department of Defense’’ means the fol-lowing: (A) Lobbying contacts and other lobbying ac-tivities with covered executive branch officials and covered legislative branch officials with re-spect to the Department of Defense. (B) Lobbying contacts with covered executive branch officials described in subparagraphs (C) through (F) of section 3(3) of the Lobbying Dis-closure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1602(3)) in the De-partment of Defense. (2) The term ‘‘lobbying activities’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(7) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1602(7)). (3) The term ‘‘covered executive branch offi-cial’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(3) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1602(3)). (4) The term ‘‘covered legislative branch offi-cial’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1602(4)). 
SEC. 1044. DEFINITION OF ‘‘UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE’’ FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
Section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘unmanned aerial vehicle’— ‘‘(A) means an aerial vehicle that is not con-trolled by a human being after launch, such as a cruise missile; and ‘‘(B) does not include a remotely piloted aerial vehicle if the vehicle is controlled by a human being after launch.’’. 
SEC. 1045. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT RELATING TO MANAGEMENT OF MILITARY TECHNICIANS. 
Section 1053(a)(1) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 10216 note) is amended by striking ‘‘20 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘12.6 percent’’. 
SEC. 1046. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF LEGACY MARITIME MINE COUNTER-MEASURE PLATFORMS. 
Section 1045(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘authorized to be ap-propriated by this Act or otherwise made avail-able for fiscal year 2017 for the Navy’’ and in-serting ‘‘authorized to be appropriated or other-wise made available for the Navy for fiscal year 2017 or 2018’’. 
SEC. 1047. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE BASING OF KC–46A AIRCRAFT OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the Depart-ment of Defense is continuing its process of per-manently stationing KC–46A aircraft at installa-tions in the continental United States (CONUS) and forward-basing outside the continental United States (OCONUS). (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC–46A aircraft, should continue to place emphasis on and consider the benefits derived from locations outside the continental United States that— (1) support day-to-day air refueling oper-ations, operations plans of the combatant com-mands, and flexibility for contingency oper-ations, and have— (A) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its interests; (B) receivers for boom or probe-and-drogue training opportunities with joint and inter-national partners; and (C) sufficient airfield and airspace availability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) possess facilities that— (A) take full advantage of existing infrastruc-ture to provide— (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and mainte-nance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage, and dis-tribution capacities for a 5-day peacetime oper-ating stock; and (B) minimize overall construction and oper-ational costs. SEC. 1048. AUTHORIZATION TO PROCURE UP TO SIX POLAR-CLASS ICEBREAKERS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOPROCURE ICEBREAKERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the depart-ment in which the Coast Guard is operating may, in consultation with the Secretary of the Navy, enter into a contract or contracts for the procurement of up to six polar-class icebreakers, including— (A) polar-class heavy icebreakers; and (B) polar-class medium icebreakers. (2) C
ONDITION FOR OUT -YEAR CONTRACT PAY -
MENTS .—A contract entered into under para-graph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2018 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives, the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report assessing the cost and procurement schedule for new United States icebreakers. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required in para-graph (1) shall include an analysis of the fol-lowing: (A) The current status of the efforts of the Coast Guard to acquire new icebreaking capa-bility, including coordination through the Inte-grated Program Office. (B) Actions being taken by the Coast Guard to incorporate key practices from other nations that procure icebreakers to increase knowledge and reduce costs and risks. (C) The extent by which the cost and schedule for building Coast Guard icebreakers differs from those in other countries, if known. (D) The extent that innovative acquisition practices (such as multiyear funding and block buys) may be applied to icebreaker acquisition to reduce the cost and accelerate the schedule. (E) A capacity replacement plan to mitigate a potential icebreaker capability gap if the Polar Star cannot remain in service. (F) Any other matters the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
SEC. 1049. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF TEST SITES FOR RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT ON COUNTERING UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the armed unmanned aircraft systems de-ployed by adversaries for military purposes pose a threat to military installations, critical infra-structure, and members of the Armed Forces in conflict areas like Iraq and Syria; (2) the unmanned aircraft systems test sites designated by the Federal Aviation Administra-tion offer unique capabilities, expertise, and air-space for research and development related to unmanned aircraft systems; and (3) the Armed Forces should, as appropriate and to the extent practicable, seek to leverage the test sites described in paragraph (2), as well as existing Department of Defense facilities with appropriate expertise, for research and develop-ment on capabilities to counter the nefarious use of unmanned aircraft systems. Subtitle F—Studies and Reports SEC. 1061. ASSESSMENT OF GLOBAL FORCE POS-TURE. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Chair-man of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the com-manders of the combatant commands, provide for and oversee an assessment of the global force posture of the Armed Forces. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than the earlier of 180 days after the production of the 2018 National Defense Strategy (which is intended to be close-ly coordinated with and complementary to a new National Security Strategy) or December 31, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the assess-ment required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following: (1) Recommendations for force size, structure, and basing in Europe, the Middle East, and Asia Pacific that reflect and complement the force sizing construct included in the 2018 Na-tional Defense Strategy in order to guide the growth of the force structure of the Armed Forces, which recommendations shall be based on an evaluation of the relative costs of rota-tional and forward-based forces as well as im-pacts to deployment timelines of threats to lines of communication and anti-access area denial capabilities of potential adversaries. (2) An assessment by each commander of a ge-ographic combatant command of the capability and force structure gaps within the context of an evaluation of the potential threats in the theater of operations of the combatant command concerned and the operation plans that such combatant command are expected to execute. (3) An evaluation of the concept of operations and the sources of manpower for headquarters required to oversee and direct execution of cur-rent operations plans. 
SEC. 1062. ARMY MODERNIZATION STRATEGY. 
(a) S TRATEGY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop a modernization strategy for the total Army. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A comprehensive description of the future total Army, including key objectives, war fight-ing challenges, and risks, sufficient to establish requirements, set priorities, identify opportunity costs, and establish acquisition time lines for the total Army over a period beyond the period of the current future-years defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Mechanisms for identifying programs of the Army that may be unnecessary, or do not perform according to expectations, in achieving the future total Army. (3) A comprehensive description of the manner in which the future total Army intends to fight and win as part of a joint force engaged in com-bat across all operational domains. (4) A comprehensive description of the mecha-nisms required by the future total Army to maintain command, control, and communica-tions and sustainment. (c) P
ARTICULAR CONSIDERATIONS .—In devel- oping the strategy required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall take into particular account the following: (1) Current trends and developments in weap-ons and equipment technologies. (2) New tactics and force design of peer adver-saries, including the rapid pace of development of such tactics and force design by such adver-saries. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5949 September 25, 2017 
(d) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy required by subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—If the report is submitted in classi-fied form, the report shall be accompanied by an unclassified summary. 
SEC. 1063. REPORT ON ARMY PLAN TO IMPROVE OPERATIONAL UNIT READINESS BY REDUCING NUMBER OF NON- DEPLOYABLE SOLDIERS ASSIGNED TO OPERATIONAL UNITS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the plans of the Army to im-prove operational unit readiness in the Army by reducing the number of non-deployable soldiers assigned to operational units of the Army and replacing such soldiers with soldiers capable of world-wide deployment. 
SEC. 1064. EFFORTS TO COMBAT PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES ON CERTAIN NAVY AIR-CRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter until January 1, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the con-gressional defense committees information on ef-forts by the Navy’s Physiological Episode Team to combat the prevalence of physiological epi-sodes in F/A–18 Hornet and Super Hornet, EA– 18G Growler, and T–45 Goshawk aircraft. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The information required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) A description of Naval Aviation Enterprise activities addressing physiological episodes dur-ing the reporting period. (2) An estimate of funding expended in sup-port of the activities described under paragraph (1). (3) A description of any planned or executed changes to Physiological Episode Team struc-ture or processes. (4) A description of activities planned for the upcoming two quarters. (c) F
ORM.—The information required under subsection (a) may be provided in a written re-port or a briefing. 
SEC. 1065. STUDIES ON AIRCRAFT INVENTORIES FOR THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide for the performance of three inde-pendent studies of alternative aircraft inven-tories through 2030, and an associated force- sizing construct, for the Air Force. (2) S
UBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit the re-sults of each study to the congressional defense committees. (3) F
ORM.—The result of each study shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) E
NTITIES TOPERFORM STUDIES .—The Sec- retary shall provide for the studies under sub-section (a) to be performed as follows: (1) One study shall be performed by the Sec-retary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Net Assessment. (2) One study shall be performed by a feder-ally funded research and development center. (3) One study shall be conducted by an inde-pendent, nongovernmental institute which is de-scribed in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code, and has rec-ognized credentials and expertise in national se-curity and military affairs. (c) P
ERFORMANCE OF STUDIES .— (1) I
NDEPENDENT PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall require the studies under this sec-tion to be conducted independently of one an-other. (2) M
ATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED .—In per- forming a study under this section, the organi-zation performing the study, while being aware of current and projected aircraft inventories for the Air Force, shall not be limited by such cur-rent or projected aircraft inventories, and shall consider the following matters: (A) The national security and national de-fense strategies of the United States. (B) Potential future threats to the United States and to United States air and space forces through 2030. (C) Traditional roles and missions of the Air Force. (D) Alternative roles and missions for the Air Force. (E) The force-sizing methodology and ration-ale used to calculated aircraft inventory levels. (F) Other government and nongovernment analyses that would contribute to the study through variations in study assumptions or po-tential scenarios. (G) The role of evolving technology on future air forces, including unmanned and space sys-tems. (H) Opportunities for reduced operation and sustainment costs. (I) Current and projected capabilities of other Armed Forces that could affect force structure capability and capacity requirements of the Air Force. (d) STUDY RESULTS .—The results of each study under this section shall— (1) identify a force-sizing construct for the Air Force that connects national security strategy to aircraft inventories; (2) present the alternative aircraft inventories considered, with assumptions and possible sce-narios identified for each; (3) provide for presentation of minority views of study participants; and (4) for the recommended inventories, provide— (A) the numbers and types of aircraft, the numbers and types of manned and unmanned aircraft, and the basic capabilities of each of such platforms; (B) describe the force-sizing rationale used to arrive at the recommended inventory levels; (C) other information needed to understand the aircraft inventories in basic form and the supporting analysis; and (D) options to address aircraft types whose re-tirement commences before 2030. 
SEC. 1066. PLAN AND RECOMMENDATIONS FOR INTERAGENCY VETTING OF FOREIGN INVESTMENTS WITH POTENTIAL IM-PACTS ON NATIONAL DEFENSE AND NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(a) P LAN AND RECOMMENDATIONS REQUIRED .— The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Treasury, assess and develop a plan, and rec-ommendations for agencies of the United States Government other than the Department of De-fense, to improve the effectiveness of inter-agency vetting of foreign investments that could potentially impair both the national security of the United States and the ability of the Depart-ment to defend the nation, specifically invest-ments from nations that pose threats to the na-tional security interests of the United States. (b) O
BJECTIVES .—The assessment, plan, and recommendations required by subsection (a) shall have the following objectives: (1) To increase collaboration and coordination among the Department of Defense and other agencies of the United States Government, in-cluding the Director of National Intelligence, in the identification and prevention of foreign in-vestments that could potentially impair the na-tional security of the United States and the abil-ity of the Department to defend the nation. (2) To increase collaboration and cooperation among the United States Government and gov-ernments of United States allies and partners on investments described in paragraph (1), includ-ing through information sharing. (3) To restrict investments described in para-graph (1) by countries of special concern in crit-ical technologies and emerging technologies that are foundational for maintaining the United States technological advantage. (c) ANALYSIS OF ISSUES .—The plan and rec-ommendations required by subsection (a) shall be based upon the results of an analysis of issues as follows: (1) Whether the current interagency vetting processes and policies place adequate focus on the country of origin of each transaction, par-ticularly when it is a country of special concern, and whether certain transactions emanating from those countries should be presumed to pose certain risks to the ability of the Department to defend the nation. (2) What are the current or projected major vulnerabilities of the Department pertaining to foreign investment, including in the areas of cy-bersecurity, reliance on foreign suppliers in the supply chain for defense equipment, limitations on access to certain materials that are essential for national defense, and the use of transpor-tation assets and other critical infrastructure for training, mobilizing, and deploying forces. (3) Whether the current interagency vetting process for foreign investments— (A) requires additional resources in order to be effective; (B) permits the Department adequate time to thoroughly review transactions to conduct na-tional security threat assessments and also de-termine the impacts of transactions on national defense; (C) adequately takes into account risks to the ability of the Department to defend the nation posed by transactions before attempting to miti-gate them in various ways; and (D) provides adequate monitoring and compli-ance of agreements to mitigate such risks. (4) Whether other agencies of the United States Government, including the Department of the Interior, are aware of the counterintel-ligence risks posed to facilities of the Depart-ment by purchases or leases of nearby Federal land and are cooperative in providing informa-tion to permit a proper assessment of those risks. (5) Whether and to what extent industrial es-pionage is occurring against private United States companies to obtain commercial secrets related to critical or foundational technologies. (6) Whether and to what extent future foreign investments have the potential for any of the following: (A) To increase the cost to the Department of acquiring or maintaining necessary defense-re-lated equipment and systems. (B) To reduce the United States technological and industrial advantage relative to any coun-try of special concern. (C) To give any country of special concern a heightened ability to conduct information war-fare against the United States, including through the spread false or misleading informa-tion to the American public and the manipula-tion of American public opinion on critical pub-lic policy issues. (7) Whether currently mandated annual re-ports to Congress on the interagency vetting of foreign investments provide valuable informa-tion. (d) E
LEMENTS .—The elements of the assess-ment, plan, and recommendations required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of countries of special concern for in-vestments that could potentially impair the abil-ity of the Department to defend the nation. (2) A description of recent trends in foreign investment transactions by countries of special concern, including joint ventures, the sale of as-sets pursuant to bankruptcy, and the purchase or lease of real estate in proximity to military installations. (3) A description of any strategies used by countries of special concern to exploit vulnerabilities in existing foreign investment vetting processes and regulations. (4) An assessment of any market distortion or unfair competition by any country of special concern that directly or indirectly impairs the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5950 September 25, 2017 
national security or the United States and the ability of the Department to defend the nation. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the progress of the Secretary in developing the plan and recommendations required by subsection (a). (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Con-gress referred to in paragraph (1) a report set-ting forth the plan and recommendations devel-oped pursuant to subsection (a). (3) F
ORM.—Each report under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1067. REPORT ON AUTHORITIES FOR THE EMPLOYMENT, USE, AND STATUS OF NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE TECHNICIANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the results of a review, undertaken by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the fol-lowing: (1) Authority for the employment, use, and status of National Guard technicians under sec-tion 709 of title 32, United States Code (com-monly referred to as the ‘‘National Guard Tech-nicians Act of 1968’’). (2) Authorities for the employment, use, and status of National Guard and Reserve techni-cians under sections 10216 through 10218 of title 10, United States Code. (3) Any other authorities on the employment, use, and status of National Guard and Reserve technicians under law. (b) P
URPOSES .—The purposes of the review re-quired pursuant to subsection (a) shall be as fol-lows: (1) To define the mission and requirements of National Guard and Reserve technicians. (2) To identify means to improve the manage-ment and administration of the National Guard and Reserve technician workforce. (3) To identify means to enhance the capa-bility of the Department of Defense to recruit and retain National Guard and Reserve techni-cians. (4) To assess the current career progression tracks of National Guard and Reserve techni-cians. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In conducting the review required pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary shall consult with the Chief of the Na-tional Guard Bureau, the Chief of Army Re-serve, the Chief of Air Force Reserve, and rep-resentatives of National Guard and Reserve technicians (including collective bargaining rep-resentatives of such technicians). (d) I
NCLUSION OF RECENT AUTHORITIES IN RE-
VIEW.—The Secretary shall ensure that the re-view required pursuant to subsection (a) takes into account authorities, and modifications of authorities, for the employment, use, and status of National Guard and Reserve technicians in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). (e) R
EQUIRED ELEMENTS .—In meeting the pur-poses of the review as set forth in subsection (b), the review required pursuant to subsection (a) shall address, in particular, the following: (1) The extent to which National Guard and Reserve technicians are assigned military duties inconsistent with, or of a different nature than, their civilian duties, the impact of such assign-ments on unit readiness, and the effect of such assignments on the career progression of techni-cians. (2) The use by the Department of Defense (es-pecially within the National Guard) of selective retention boards to separate National Guard and Reserve technicians from military service (with the effect of thereby separating them from civilian service) before they accrue a full, unre-duced retirement annuity in connection with Federal civilian service, and whether that use is consistent with the authority in section 10216(f) of title 10, United States Code, that technicians be permitted to remain in service past their man-datory separation date until they qualify for an unreduced retirement annuity. (3) The feasibility and advisability of extend-ing eligibility for benefits under the TRICARE program to National Guard and Reserve techni-cians, including the types, if any, of benefits whose extension would be feasible and advis-able. (4) The impact on recruitment and retention, and the budgetary impact, of permitting Na-tional Guard and Reserve technicians who re-ceive an enlistment incentive before becoming a technician to retain such incentive upon becom-ing a technician. (f) REPORT ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The results of the review undertaken pur-suant to subsection (a), including on the matters set forth in subsections (b) and (e). (2) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the review in order to im-prove and enhance the employment, use, and status of National Guard and Reserve techni-cians. 
SEC. 1068. CONFORMING REPEALS AND TECH-NICAL AMENDMENTS IN CONNEC-TION WITH REPORTS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE WHOSE SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS HAS PRE-VIOUSLY BEEN TERMINATED BY LAW. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) Section 113(c) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking ‘‘(1)’’; and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively. (2) Section 113 is further amended by striking subsection (l). (3)(A) Section 115a is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 2 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 115a. (4) Section 386(c)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘331,’’. (5)(A) Section 235 is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relat-ing to section 235. (6) Section 428 is amended by striking sub-section (f). (7) Section 974(d) is amended by striking para-graph (3). (8) Section 1073b is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); and (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. (9) Section 1597 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (c), (d), and (e), respectively; and (C) in subsection (c), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B), by striking ‘‘or a master plan prepared under subsection (c)’’. (10) Section 1705 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (f); and (B) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. (11) Section 1722b is amended by striking sub-section (c). (12) Section 1781b is amended by striking sub-section (d). (13) Section 2193b is amended— (A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (g). (14) Section 2262 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (15) Section 2263 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (16)(A) Section 2277 is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 135 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 2277. (17) Section 2306b(l) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (6), (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), and (7), respectively. (18)(A) Section 2313a is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 2313a. (19) Section 2330a is amended by striking sub-section (c). (20) Section 2350j is amended by striking sub-section (f). (21) Section 2410i(c) is amended by striking the second sentence. (22) Section 2475 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); and (B) by striking ‘‘(b) NOTIFICATION OF DECI-
SIONTOEXECUTE PLAN.—’’. (23) Section 2506 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) D
EPARTMENTAL GUID-
ANCE.—’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (24) Section 2537 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (b). (25) Section 2564 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsection (e) and (f), respectively. (26) Section 2831 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); (B) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e); and (C) in subsection (e), as so redesignated— (i) by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in para-graphs (2) and (3), the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (ii) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); and (iii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (27) Section 2859 is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (c). (28) Section 2861 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (29) Section 2866(b) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (30) Section 2912 is amended by striking sub-section (d). (31)(A) Section 4316 is repealed. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 401 is amended by striking the item re-lating to section 4316. (32) Section 5144(d) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Com-mander’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2). (33) Section 10504 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) A
NNUAL REPORT .—’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (b) T
ITLE 32, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 509 of title 32, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (k); and (2) by redesignating subsections (l) and (m) as subsections (k) and (l), respectively. (c) T
ITLE 5, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 9902(f)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘(2)’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (C). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION  A
CT, 1985.—Section 1003 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1985 (Public Law 98– 525; 22 U.S.C. 1928 note) is amended by striking subsections (c) and (d). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5951 September 25, 2017 
(e) N ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT, F
ISCAL YEAR 1989.—Subsection (b) of section 1009 of the National Defense Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 22 U.S.C. 1928 note) is repealed. (f) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEARS 1990 AND1991.—Section 211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Years 1990 and 1991 (Public Law 101–189; 103 Stat. 1394) is amended by striking subsection (e). (g) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR1991.—Section 1518 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 24 U.S.C. 418) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘Congress and’’ in the second sentence; and (2) in subsection (e)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Not later than’’; and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively. (h) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR1994.—Section 1603 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (i) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR1995.—Section 533 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is repealed. (j) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2000.—Section 366 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking subsection (f). (k) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2002.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107) is amended as follows: (1) Section 346 (115 Stat. 1062) is amended— (A) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (B) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (b). (2) Section 1008(d) (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘On each’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2). (l) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2003.—Section 817 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (m) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2004.—Section 1022 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 271 note) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); and (2) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. (n) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2006.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163) is amended as follows: (1) Section 123 (119 Stat. 3157) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (2) Section 218(c) (119 Stat. 3171) is amended by striking paragraph (3). (3) Section 1224 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is re-pealed. (o) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2007.—Section 357 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 22 U.S.C. 4865 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) R
ECONCILIATION RE-
QUIRED .—’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b). (p) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2008.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181) is amended as follows: (1) Section 328 (10 U.S.C. 4544 note) is amend-ed by striking subsection (b). (2) Section 330 (122 Stat. 68) is amended by striking subsection (e). (3) Section 845 (5 U.S.C. App. 5 note) is re-pealed. (q) NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2009.—The Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) is amended as follows: (1) Section 943 (122 Stat. 4578) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively. (2) Section 1014 (122 Stat. 4586) is amended by striking subsection (c). (3) Section 1048 (122 Stat. 4603) is repealed. (r) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2010.—Section 121 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2211) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e). (s) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR2011.—The Ike Skelton Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) is amended as follows: (1) Section 112(b) (124 Stat. 4153) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). (2) Section 243 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amend-ed— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. (3) Section 866(d) (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(d) R
EPORTS .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(2) P
ROGRAM ASSESSMENT .—If the Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROGRAM ASSESSMENT .—If the Sec-retary’’; and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respec-tively, and indenting the left margin of such paragraphs, as so redesignated, two ems from the left margin. (4) Section 1054 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is re-pealed. (t) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2012.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) is amended as follows: (1) Subsection (b) of section 1102 (5 U.S.C. 9902 note) is repealed. (2) Section 1207 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amend-ed— (A) by striking subsection (n); and (B) by redesignating subsections (o) and (p) as subsections (n) and (o), respectively. (3) Section 2828 (10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is amend-ed— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) M
ETERING REQUIRED .—’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (4) Section 2867 (10 U.S.C. 2223a note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (u) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2013.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) is amended as follows: (1) Section 126 (126 Stat. 1657) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) D
ESIGNATION REQUIRED .— ’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (2) Section 144 (126 Stat. 1663) is amended by striking subsection (c). (3) Section 716 (10 U.S.C. 1074g note) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. (4) Section 738(e) (10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘REPORTS REQUIRED .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORT .—Not later than’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2). (5) Section 865 (126 Stat. 1861) is repealed. (6) Section 917 (126 Stat. 1878) is repealed. (7) Subsection (c) of section 921 (126 Stat. 1878) is repealed. (8) Subsection (c) of section 1079 (10 U.S.C. 221 note) is repealed. (9) Section 1211(d) (126 Stat. 1983) is amend-ed— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). (10) Section 1273 (22 U.S.C. 2421f) is amend-ed— (A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (11) Section 1276 (10 U.S.C. 2350c note) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. (v) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FORFISCAL YEAR2014.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) is amended as follows: (1) Section 907(c)(3) (10 U.S.C. 1564 note) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘M
ETRICS .—’’ and all that fol-lows through ‘‘In developing the strategy’’ and inserting ‘‘M
ETRICS .—In developing the strat-egy’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B). (2) Section 923 (10 U.S.C. prec. 421 note) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (b); and (B) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (b), (c), and (d), respectively. (3) Section 1249 (127 Stat. 925) is repealed. (4) Section 1611 (127 Stat. 947) is amended by striking subsection (d). (5) Section 2916 (127 Stat. 1028) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘(a) P
ROGRAM OF DECON-
TAMINATION REQUIRED .—’’; and (B) by striking subsection (b). (w) N
ATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT 
FOR FISCAL YEAR 2015.—The Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended as follows: (1) Section 232 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amend-ed— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. (2) Section 914(d) (5 U.S.C. 5911 note) is amended— (A) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (2). (3) Section 1052(b) (128 Stat. 3497) is amend-ed— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking ‘‘R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting ‘‘R
EPORT .—Not later than’’; and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) and in-denting the left margin of such paragraphs, as so redesignated, two ems from the left margin. (4) Section 1207 (10 U.S.C. 2342 note) is amend-ed— (A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (5) Section 1209 (128 Stat. 3542) is amended by striking subsection (d). (6) Section 1236 (128 Stat. 3559) is amended by striking subsection (d). (7) Section 1325 (50 U.S.C. 3715) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); and (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5952 September 25, 2017 
(8) Section 1341 (50 U.S.C. 3741) is repealed. (9) Section 1342 (50 U.S.C. 3742) is repealed. (10) Section 1532(b) (128 Stat. 3613) is amended by striking paragraph (5). (11) Section 1534 (128 Stat. 3616) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (g); and (B) by redesignating subsection (h) as sub-section (g). (12) Section 1607 (128 Stat. 3625) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (b); (B) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively; and (C) in subsection (c), as redesignated by sub-paragraph (B), by striking ‘‘requirements under subsections (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘require-ment in subsection (a)’’. (x) I
NTELLIGENCE REFORM AND TERRORISM  P
REVENTION ACT OF 2004.—Section 3002(c) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (50 U.S.C. 3343(c)) is amended by striking paragraph (4). 
SEC. 1069. ANNUAL REPORTS ON APPROVAL OF EMPLOYMENT OR COMPENSATION OF RETIRED GENERAL OR FLAG OF-FICERS BY FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS FOR EMOLUMENTS CLAUSE PUR-POSES. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORTS .—Section 908 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORTS ON APPROVALS FOR RE-
TIRED GENERAL AND FLAGOFFICERS .—(1) Not later than January 31 each year, the Secretaries of the military departments shall jointly submit to the appropriate committees and Members of Congress a report on each approval under sub-section (b) for employment or compensation de-scribed in subsection (a) for a retired member of the armed forces in a general or flag officer grade that was issued during the preceding year. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the appropriate com-mittees and Members of Congress are— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives; ‘‘(C) the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader of the Senate; and ‘‘(D) the Speaker of the House of Representa-tives and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives.’’. (b) S
COPE OF FIRSTREPORT .—The first report submitted pursuant to subsection (d) of section 908 of title 37, United States Code (as added by subsection (a) of this section), after the date of the enactment of this Act shall cover the five- year period ending with the year before the year in which such report is submitted. 
SEC. 1070. ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUAL-TIES IN CONNECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than May 1 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on civilian casualties caused as a result of United States military operations during the preceding year. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall set forth the following: (1) A list of all the United States military op-erations during the year covered by such report that were confirmed to have resulted in civilian casualties. (2) For each military operation listed pursu-ant to paragraph (1), the following: (A) The date. (B) The location. (C) The type of operation. (D) The confirmed number of civilian casual-ties. (c) F
ORM.—Each report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit a re-port under subsection (a) shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. SEC. 1071. REPORT ON LARGE-SCALE, JOINT EX-ERCISES INVOLVING THE AIR AND LAND DOMAINS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) General Milley has stated that the Army would experience ‘‘High Military Risk’’ against emerging threats or great power conflict. (2) General Goldfein has stated that ‘‘for 15 consecutive years, the Army’s been decisively committed to Iraq and Afghanistan and other counter terrorist, counter insurgency type oper-ations. In order to do that, [the Air Force] es-sentially came off of a core warfare fighting skills of combined arms maneuver against a near peer or a higher end threat’’. (3) The United States has grown accustomed to technological supremacy and weapons over-match to deter and defeat potential adversaries. (4) The Department of Defense conducts sev-eral large-scale, joint exercises that stress inter-operability in contested air and sea domains, in-cluding the VALIANT SHIELD, NORTHERN EDGE, and RIMPAC exercises, yet few large- scale, joint Army and Air Force exercises exist to stress interoperability in contested air and land domains. (5) Large-scale, joint training exercises that stress interoperability across domains are a vital part of establishing and maintaining military readiness for conflicts involving near-peer com-petitors. (6) It is to the benefit of the United States and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to train to contested air and land operations in order to increase joint and coalition readiness, as well as to correct capability gaps in the Euro-pean theatre of operations that may be discov-ered during these exercises. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the following: (1) Existing large-scale, joint exercises involv-ing the air and land domains. (2) Plans to expand the scale and scope of the exercises described in paragraph (1). (3) Plans to conduct new large-scale, joint ex-ercises in the domains referred to in paragraph (1). (c) P
OTENTIAL LOCATIONS FOR EXPANDED OR  N
EWEXERCISES .—The report under subsection (b) shall include an analysis of potential loca-tions for the expanded or new exercises covered by the plans described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of that subsection, with priority given to loca-tions that facilitate training by and with— (1) sufficient overlapping airspace and ground range capabilities and capacity to meet the training requirements for operating within an anti-access area denial (A2/AD) environment for air and ground operations; (2) the ability to host bilateral and multilat-eral training opportunities with international partners in both the air and land domains; (3) limited encroachments that adversely im-pact training or operations; (4) robust use of the electromagnetic spectrum, including global positioning system (GPS), at-mospheric, and communications-jamming; (5) minimization of adversary intelligence col-lection capabilities; (6) realistic replication of diverse geographic, topographic, and weather environments in which a near-peer combined air and ground campaign might occur; (7) existing facilities to support personnel, op-erations, and logistics associated with the flying missions and ground maneuver missions; and (8) minimization of overall construction and operational costs. 
SEC. 1072. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REVIEW OF NAVY CAPABILITIES IN THE ARCTIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT ON CAPABILITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the capa-bilities of the Navy in the Arctic region. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include an analysis of the fol-lowing: (A) The current naval capabilities of the De-partment of Defense in the Arctic region, with a particular emphasis on surface capabilities. (B) Any gaps that exist between the current naval capabilities described in paragraph (1) and the ability of the Department to fully exe-cute its updated strategy for the Arctic region. (C) Any gaps in the capabilities described in paragraph (1) that require ice-hardening of ex-isting vessels or the construction of new vessels to preserve freedom of navigation in the Arctic region whenever and wherever necessary. (D) An analysis and recommendation of which Navy vessels could be ice-hardened to effectively preserve freedom of navigation in the Arctic re-gion when and where necessary, in all seasons and weather conditions. (E) An analysis of any cost increases or schedule adjustments that may result from ice- hardening existing or new Navy vessels. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the re-port required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a review of the report, including any matters in connection with the report and the review that the Comp-troller General considers appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—The report under subsection (a) and the review under subsection (b) shall each be submitted in unclassified form, but may in-clude a classified annex. 
SEC. 1073. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS ON ESTAB-LISHMENT OF ACTIVE DUTY ASSO-CIATION AND ADDITIONAL PRIMARY AIRCRAFT AUTHORIZATIONS FOR THE 168TH AIR REFUELING WING. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct a business case analysis on the establishment of an active or classic association with the 168th Air Refueling Wing. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The business case analysis conducted under subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) Consideration of the addition of two F–35A squadrons at Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, in 2020, and an examination of future shortfalls in air refueling requirements due to such addi-tional aircraft. (2) An analysis of potential benefits of adding four primary aircraft authorizations (PAA) for KC–135R tanker aircraft to the 168th Air Refuel-ing Wing. (3) Identification of efficiencies and cost sav-ings to be achieved by the 168th Air Refueling Wing after an active or classic association is in place in comparison with temporarily assigned tanker augmentation rotations. (4) A detailed comparison of the costs and benefits of an active association for the 168th Air Refueling Wing with a classic association for the Wing. (5) An analysis of the effects of the augmented airlift capability arising from additional tanker assets for the 168th Air Refueling Wing in better facilitating rapid deployment of 5th Generation Fighters, necessary support equipment and per-sonnel, and other rapid response forces. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the busi-ness case analysis conducted under subsection (a). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5953 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 1074. REPORT ON NAVY CAPACITY TO IN-CREASE PRODUCTION OF ANTI-SUB-MARINE WARFARE AND SEARCH AND RESCUE ROTARY WING AIRCRAFT IN LIGHT OF INCREASE IN THE SIZE OF THE SURFACE FLEET TO 355 SHIPS. 
Not later than September 15, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report describing and assessing the capacity of the Navy, in light of an increase in the size of the surface fleet of the Navy to 355 ships, to increase production of the following: (1) Anti-submarine warfare rotary wing air-craft. (2) Search and rescue rotary wing aircraft. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1081. PROTECTION AGAINST MISUSE OF NAVAL SPECIAL WARFARE COMMAND INSIGNIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 663 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7882. Protection against misuse of insignia of Naval Special Warfare Command ‘‘(a) P
ROTECTION AGAINST MISUSE .—Subject to subsection (b), no person may use any covered Naval Special Warfare insignia in connection with any promotion, good, service, or other com-mercial activity when a particular use would be likely to suggest a false affiliation, connection, or association with, endorsement by, or ap-proval of, the United States Government, the Department of Defense, or the Department of the Navy. ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to the use of a covered Naval Special Warfare insignia for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, analysis, research, or scholarship. ‘‘(c) T
REATMENT OF DISCLAIMERS .—Any deter-mination of whether a person has violated this section shall be made without regard to any use of a disclaimer of affiliation, connection, or as-sociation with, endorsement by, or approval of the United States Government, the Department of Defense, the Department of the Navy, or any subordinate organization thereof to the extent consistent with international obligations of the United States. ‘‘(d) E
NFORCEMENT .—Whenever it appears to the Attorney General that any person is en-gaged in, or is about to engage in, an act or practice that constitutes or will constitute con-duct prohibited by this section, the Attorney General may initiate a civil proceeding in a dis-trict court of the United States to enjoin such act or practice, and such court may take such injunctive or other action as is warranted to prevent the act, practice, or conduct. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary of the Navy to register any sym-bol, name, phrase, term, acronym, or abbrevia-tion otherwise capable of registration under the provisions of the Act of July 5, 1946, popularly known as the Lanham Act or the Trademark Act of 1946 (15 U.S.C. 1051 et seq.). ‘‘(f) C
OVERED NAVAL SPECIAL WARFARE INSIG-
NIADEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered Naval Special Warfare insignia’ means any of the following: ‘‘(1) The Naval Special Warfare insignia com-prising or consisting of the design of an eagle holding an anchor, trident, and flint-lock pistol. ‘‘(2) The Special Warfare Combatant Craft Crewman insignia comprising or consisting of the design of the bow and superstructure of a Special Operations Craft on a crossed flint-lock pistol and enlisted cutlass, on a background of ocean swells. ‘‘(3) Any colorable imitation of the insignia referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2), in a man-ner which could reasonably be interpreted or construed as conveying the false impression that an advertisement, solicitation, business activity, or product is in any manner approved, en-dorsed, sponsored, or authorized by, or associ-ated with, the United States Government, the Department of Defense, or the Department of the Navy.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 663 of such title is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘7882. Protection against misuse of insignia of Naval Special Warfare Com-mand.’’. 
SEC. 1082. COLLABORATIONS BETWEEN THE ARMED FORCES AND CERTAIN NON- FEDERAL ENTITIES ON SUPPORT OF ARMED FORCES MISSIONS ABROAD. 
(a) F INDING .—The Senate finds that qualified non-Federal entities have contributed to en-hance the effectiveness of the mission of the De-partment of Defense through the provision of private humanitarian, economic, and other non- lethal assistance from United States citizens in response to local needs identified by members of the Armed Forces in areas in which the Armed Forces are deployed abroad. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that United States military commanders should collaborate with and, consistent with ap-plicable laws and regulations, provide transpor-tation, lodging, and other logistical support to qualified non-Federal entities to advance mis-sions of the Armed Forces abroad. (c) G
UIDANCE ON COLLABORATIONS .— (1) R
EVIEW OF CURRENT GUIDANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review of the guidance of the Department of Defense applicable to collaborations between United States military commanders and quali-fied non-Federal entities for support of missions of the Armed Forces abroad. (2) A
DDITIONAL GUIDANCE .—If the Secretary determines pursuant to the review that addi-tional guidance is required in connection with collaborations described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, issue such ad-ditional guidance as the Secretary considers ap-propriate in light of the review, consistent with applicable law. (3) B
RIEFING .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a briefing on the findings of the re-view, including recommendations for such legis-lative action as the Secretary considers appro-priate to facilitate collaboration between United States military commanders and qualified non- Federal entities for support of missions of the Armed Forces abroad. (d) Q
UALIFIED NON-FEDERAL ENTITY DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘qualified non- Federal entity’’ means an organization that— (1) is based in the United States; (2) has an independent board of directors and is subject to independent financial audits; (3) is privately-funded; (4) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; (5) provides international humanitarian, eco-nomic, or other non-lethal assistance; (6) is a Private Voluntary Organization reg-istered with the United States Agency for Inter-national Development; and (7) has a stated mission of supporting the safety and security of members of the Armed Forces, civilian personnel of the United States, and United States missions abroad. 
SEC. 1083. FEDERAL CHARTER FOR SPIRIT OF AMERICA. 
(a) F EDERAL CHARTER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Part B of subtitle II of title 36, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 2003 the following new chapter: ‘‘CHAPTER 2005—SPIRIT OF AMERICA ‘‘Sec. ‘‘200501. Organization. ‘‘200502. Purposes. ‘‘200503. Powers. ‘‘200504. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status. ‘‘200505. Annual report. ‘‘§ 200501. Organization ‘‘(a) FEDERAL CHARTER .—Spirit of America (in this chapter ‘the corporation’), a nonprofit cor-poration, is a federally chartered corporation. ‘‘(b) E
XPIRATION OF CHARTER .—If the cor-poration does not comply with the provisions of this chapter, the charter granted by this chapter expires. ‘‘(c) S
COPE OF CHARTER .—Nothing in the charter granted by this chapter shall be con-strued as conferring special rights or privileges upon the corporation, or as placing upon the Department of Defense any obligation with re-spect to the corporation. ‘‘(d) N
OCLAIM OF GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL  
ORAUTHORITY .—The corporation may not claim approval of Congress, or the authority of the United States, for any activity of the corpora-tion. ‘‘§ 200502. Purposes ‘‘The purposes of the corporation are as pro-vided in its constitution and bylaws and include the following patriotic, charitable, and inspira-tional purposes: ‘‘(1) To respond to the needs of local popu-lations abroad, as identified by members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad. ‘‘(2) To provide privately-funded humani-tarian, economic, and other nonlethal assist-ance to address such needs. ‘‘(3) To support the safety and success of members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad. ‘‘(4) To connect the people of the United States more closely to the members of the Armed Forces and diplomats of the United States abroad, and to the missions carried out by such personnel abroad. ‘‘(5) To demonstrate the goodwill of the people of the United States to peoples around the world. ‘‘§ 200503. Powers ‘‘The corporation may— ‘‘(1) adopt and amend a constitution, by-laws, and regulations to carry out the purposes of the corporation; ‘‘(2) adopt and alter a corporate seal; ‘‘(3) establish and maintain offices to conduct its activities; ‘‘(4) enter into contracts; ‘‘(5) acquire, own, lease, encumber, and trans-fer property as necessary and appropriate to carry out the purposes of the corporation; ‘‘(6) establish, regulate, and discontinue sub-ordinate State and territorial subdivisions and local chapters or posts; ‘‘(7) publish a magazine and other publica-tions (including through the Internet); ‘‘(8) sue and be sued; and ‘‘(9) do any other act necessary and proper to carry out the purposes of the corporation as provided in its constitution, by-laws, and regu-lations. ‘‘§ 200504. Duty to maintain tax-exempt status ‘‘The corporation shall maintain its status as an organization exempt from taxation under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘§ 200505. Annual report ‘‘The corporation shall submit an annual re-port to Congress on the activities of the corpora-tion during the prior fiscal year. The report shall be submitted as the same time as the report of the audit required by section 10101 of this title. The report may not be printed as public document.’’. (2) T
ABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chap-ters at the beginning of title 36, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle II of such title, are each amended by inserting after the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5954 September 25, 2017 
item relating to chapter 2003 the following new item: ‘‘2005. Spirit of America.....................
200501.’’. 
(b) D ISTRIBUTION OF CORPORATION ASSIST-
ANCE ABROAD THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE AND COORDINATION OF ASSIST -
ANCE.—The Department of Defense (including members of the Armed Forces) may, in the dis-cretion of the Secretary of Defense and in ac-cordance with guidance issued by the Sec-retary— (A) accept from Spirit of America, a federally- chartered corporation under chapter 2005 of title 36, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), humanitarian, economic, and other non-lethal assistance funded by private funds in the carrying out of the purposes of the corporation; and (B) respond to requests from the corporation for the identification of the needs of local popu-lations abroad for assistance, and coordinate with the corporation in the provision and dis-tribution of such assistance, in the carrying out of such purposes. (2) D
ISTRIBUTION OF ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL  
POPULATIONS .—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary, members of the Armed Forces abroad may provide to local populations abroad humanitarian, economic, and other non-lethal assistance provided to the Department by the corporation pursuant to this subsection. (3) S
COPE OF GUIDANCE .—The guidance issued pursuant to this subsection shall ensure that any assistance distributed pursuant to this sub-section shall be for purposes of supporting the mission or missions of the Department and the Armed Forces for which such assistance is pro-vided by the corporation. (4) D
OD SUPPORT FOR CORPORATION ACTIVI -
TIES.—In accordance with guidance issued by the Secretary, the Department and the Armed Forces may— (A) provide transportation, lodging, storage, and other logistical support— (i) to personnel of the corporation (whether in the United States or abroad) who are carrying out the purposes of the corporation; and (ii) in connection with the acceptance and dis-tribution of assistance provided by the corpora-tion; and (B) use assets of the Department and the Armed Forces in the provision of support de-scribed in subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 1084. RECONSIDERATION OF CLAIMS FOR DISABILITY COMPENSATION FOR VETERANS WHO WERE THE SUB-JECTS OF MUSTARD GAS OR LEW-ISITE EXPERIMENTS DURING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) R ECONSIDERATION OF CLAIMS FOR DIS-
ABILITY COMPENSATION IN CONNECTION WITH E
XPOSURE TO MUSTARD GAS OR LEWISITE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall reconsider all claims for com-pensation described in paragraph (2) and make a new determination regarding each such claim. (2) C
LAIMS FOR COMPENSATION DESCRIBED .— Claims for compensation described in this para-graph are claims for compensation under chap-ter 11 of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are in connection with full-body exposure to mustard gas or lewisite during active military, naval, or air service during World War II and that were denied before the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) P
RESUMPTION OF EXPOSURE .—In carrying out paragraph (1), if the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Secretary of Defense makes a de-termination regarding whether a veteran experi-enced full-body exposure to mustard gas or lew-isite, such Secretary— (A) shall presume that the veteran experi-enced full-body exposure to mustard gas or lew-isite, as the case may be, unless proven other-wise; and (B) may not use information contained in the DoD and VA Chemical Biological Warfare Data-base or any list of known testing sites for mus-tard gas or lewisite maintained by the Depart-ment of Veterans Affairs or the Department of Defense as the sole reason for determining that the veteran did not experience full-body expo-sure to mustard gas or lewisite. (4) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report specifying any claims reconsidered under para-graph (1) that were denied during the 90-day period preceding the submittal of the report, in-cluding the rationale for each such denial. (b) D
EVELOPMENT OF POLICY .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly establish a policy for processing future claims for com-pensation under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Af-fairs determines are in connection with exposure to mustard gas or lewisite during active mili-tary, naval, or air service during World War II. (c) I
NVESTIGATION AND REPORT BY SECRETARY  
OFDEFENSE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) for purposes of determining whether a site should be added to the list of the Department of Defense of sites where mustard gas or lewisite testing occurred, investigate and assess sites where— (A) the Army Corps of Engineers has uncov-ered evidence of mustard gas or lewisite testing; or (B) more than two veterans have submitted claims for compensation under chapter 11 of title 38, United States Code, in connection with exposure to mustard gas or lewisite at such site and such claims were denied; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on experiments conducted by the Department of Defense during World War II to assess the effects of mustard gas and lewisite on people, which shall include— (A) a list of each location where such an ex-periment occurred, including locations inves-tigated and assessed under paragraph (1); (B) the dates of each such experiment; and (C) the number of members of the Armed Forces who were exposed to mustard gas or lew-isite in each such experiment. (d) I
NVESTIGATION AND REPORT BY SECRETARY  
OFVETERANS AFFAIRS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall— (1) investigate and assess— (A) the actions taken by the Secretary to reach out to individuals who had been exposed to mustard gas or lewisite in the experiments de-scribed in subsection (c)(2)(A); and (B) the claims for disability compensation under laws administered by the Secretary that were filed with the Secretary and the percentage of such claims that were denied by the Sec-retary; and (2) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress— (A) a report on the findings of the Secretary with respect to the investigations and assess-ments carried out under paragraph (1); and (B) a comprehensive list of each location where an experiment described in subsection (c)(2)(A) was conducted. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The terms ‘‘active military, naval, or air service’’, ‘‘veteran’’, and ‘‘World War II’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Special Committee on Aging of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (3) The term ‘‘full-body exposure’’, with re-spect to mustard gas or lewisite, has the mean-ing given that term by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 1085. PRIZE COMPETITION TO IDENTIFY ROOT CAUSE OF PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES ON NAVY, MARINE CORPS, AND AIR FORCE TRAINING AND OPERATIONAL AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under the authority of sec-tion 2374a of title 10, United States Code, and section 24 of the Stevenson-Wydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3719), the Sec-retary of Defense, in consultation with the Sec-retary of the Navy, the Secretary of the Air Force, the Commandant of the Marine Corps, and the heads of any other appropriate Federal agencies that have experience in prize competi-tions, and when appropriate, in coordination with private organizations, may establish a prize competition designed to accelerate identi-fication of the root cause or causes of physio-logical episodes experienced in Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force training and operational aircraft. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this section. (c) S
UPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Any funds made available pursuant to this section are in addition to any other amount made available for research on identification of root cause or causes of physiological episodes experienced in Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force training and operational aircraft. 
SEC. 1086. EXCEPTION TO THE INTERDEPART-MENTAL WAIVER DOCTRINE FOR CLEANUP OF VEHICLE CRASHES. 
(a) R ESPONSIBILITY FOR CLEANUP .—Notwith- standing the interdepartmental waiver doctrine, the Secretary of Defense may, at the request of the affected Federal department or agency, ex-pend funds necessary for cleanup resulting from an activity of the Department of Defense involv-ing a vehicle crash on land or other property under the jurisdiction of another Federal de-partment or agency. (b) S
COPE.—The authority under subsection (a) includes expenditures necessary to complete cleanup to meet the regulations of the affected department or agency, which may be different than the regulations applicable to the Depart-ment. 
SEC. 1087. TRANSFER OF SURPLUS FIREARMS TO CORPORATION FOR THE PROMOTION OF RIFLE PRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40728(h) of title 36, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary may transfer’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall transfer’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall determine a reasonable schedule for the transfer of such surplus pistols.’’. (b) S
ALE OF M1911/M1911A1 P ISTOLS .— (1) S
ALE.—Any M1911/M1911A1 pistols sold under the Civilian Marksmanship Program under subchapter II of chapter 407 of title 36, United States Code, shall be sold at fair market value. (2) D
ISPOSITION OF PROCEEDS .—Any proceeds of the sale of M1911/M1911A1 pistols pursuant to paragraph (1), less transfer and storage costs, shall be covered over into the Treasury as mis-cellaneous receipts. 
SEC. 1088. PREVENTION OF CERTAIN HEALTH CARE PROVIDERS FROM PROVIDING NON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARE SERVICES TO VETERANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall deny or revoke the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Department health care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5955 September 25, 2017 
services to veterans if the Secretary determines that the health care provider— (1) was removed from employment with the Department of Veterans Affairs due to conduct that violated a policy of the Department relat-ing to the delivery of safe and appropriate health care; (2) violated the requirements of a medical li-cense of the health care provider; (3) had a Department credential revoked and the grounds for such revocation impacts the ability of the health care provider to deliver safe and appropriate health care; or (4) violated a law for which a term of impris-onment of more than one year may be imposed. (b) P
ERMISSIVE ACTION .—On and after the date that is one year after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary may deny, re-voke, or suspend the eligibility of a health care provider to provide non-Department health care services if the Secretary has reasonable belief that such action is necessary to immediately protect the health, safety, or welfare of veterans and— (1) the health care provider is under investiga-tion by the medical licensing board of a State in which the health care provider is licensed or practices; (2) the health care provider has entered into a settlement agreement for a disciplinary charge relating to the practice of medicine by the health care provider; or (3) the Secretary otherwise determines that such action is appropriate under the cir-cumstances. (c) S
USPENSION .—The Secretary shall suspend the eligibility of a health care provider to pro-vide non-Department health care services to vet-erans if the health care provider is suspended from serving as a health care provider of the De-partment. (d) I
NITIAL REVIEW OF DEPARTMENT EMPLOY -
MENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, with respect to each health care provider providing non-Department health care services, the Secretary shall review the status of each such health care provider as an employee of the Department and the history of employment of each such health care provider with the Department to determine whether the health care provider is described in any of sub-sections (a) through (c). (e) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on the implementation by the Secretary of this section, including the following: (1) The aggregate number of health care pro-viders denied or suspended under this section from participation in providing non-Department health care services. (2) An evaluation of any impact on access to health care for patients or staffing shortages in programs of the Department providing non-De-partment health care services. (3) An explanation of the coordination of the Department with the medical licensing boards of States in implementing this section, the amount of involvement of such boards in such implemen-tation, and efforts by the Department to address any concerns raised by such boards with respect to such implementation. (4) Such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate regarding harmo-nizing eligibility criteria between health care providers of the Department and health care providers eligible to provide non-Department health care services. (f) N
ON-DEPARTMENT HEALTH CARESERVICES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘non-De-partment health care services’’ means services— (1) provided under subchapter I of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at non-Depart-ment facilities (as defined in section 1701 of such title); (2) provided under section 101 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–146; 38 U.S.C. 1701 note); (3) purchased through the Medical Commu-nity Care account of the Department; or (4) purchased with amounts deposited in the Veterans Choice Fund under section 802 of the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014. SEC. 1089. DECLASSIFICATION BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OF CERTAIN INCI-DENTS OF EXPOSURE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO TOXIC SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall declassify documents related to any known incident in which not fewer than 100 members of the Armed Forces were exposed to a toxic sub-stance that resulted in at least one case of a dis-ability that a member of the medical profession has determined to be associated with that toxic substance. (b) L
IMITATION .—The declassification required by subsection (a) shall be limited to information necessary for an individual who was potentially exposed to a toxic substance to determine the following: (1) Whether that individual was exposed to that toxic substance. (2) The potential severity of the exposure of that individual to that toxic substance. (3) Any potential health conditions that may have resulted from exposure to that toxic sub-stance. (c) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of Defense is not required to declassify documents under sub-section (a) if the Secretary determines that de-classification of those documents would materi-ally and immediately threaten the security of the United States. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
RMED FORCES .—The term ‘‘Armed Forces’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 101 of title 10, United States Code. (2) E
XPOSED .—The term ‘‘exposed’’ means, with respect to a toxic substance, that an indi-vidual came into contact with that toxic sub-stance in a manner that could be hazardous to the health of that individual, that may include if that toxic substance was inhaled, ingested, or touched the skin or eyes. (3) E
XPOSURE .—The term ‘‘exposure’’ means, with respect to a toxic substance, an event dur-ing which an individual was exposed to that toxic substance. (4) T
OXIC SUBSTANCE .—The term ‘‘toxic sub-stance’’ means any substance determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to be harmful to the environment or hazardous to the health of an individual if in-haled or ingested by or absorbed through the skin of that individual. 
SEC. 1089A. CARRIAGE OF CERTAIN PROGRAM-MING. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘local commercial television sta-tion’’ has the meaning given the term in section 614(h) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 534(h)); (2) the term ‘‘multichannel video programming distributor’’ has the meaning given the term in section 602 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 522); (3) the term ‘‘qualified noncommercial edu-cational television station’’ has the meaning given the term in section 615(l) of the Commu-nications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 535(l)); (4) the term ‘‘retransmission consent’’ means the authority granted to a multichannel video programming distributor under section 325(b) of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 325(b)) to retransmit the signal of a television broadcast station; and (5) the term ‘‘television broadcast station’’ has the meaning given the term in section 76.66(a) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations. (b) C
ARRIAGE OF CERTAIN CONTENT .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, a multi-channel video programming distributor may not be directly or indirectly required, including as a condition of obtaining retransmission consent, to— (1) carry non-incidental video content from a local commercial television station, qualified noncommercial educational television station, or television broadcast station to the extent that such content is owned, controlled, or financed (in whole or in part) by the Government of the Russian Federation; or (2) lease, or otherwise make available, channel capacity to any person for the provision of video programming that is owned, controlled, or fi-nanced (in whole or in part) by the Government of the Russian Federation. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as applying to the edi-torial use by a local commercial television sta-tion, qualified noncommercial educational tele-vision station, or television broadcast station of programming that is owned, controlled, or fi-nanced (in whole or in part) by the Government of the Russian Federation. Subtitle H—Modernizing Government Technology 
SEC. 1091. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Modern-izing Government Technology Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘MGT Act’’. 
SEC. 1092. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Adminis-trator’’ means the Administrator of General Services. (2) B
OARD .—The term ‘‘Board’’ means the Technology Modernization Board established under section 1094(c)(1). (3) C
LOUD COMPUTING .—The term ‘‘cloud com-puting’’ has the meaning given the term by the National Institute of Standards and Technology in NIST Special Publication 800–145 and any amendatory or superseding document thereto. (4) D
IRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. (5) F
UND.—The term ‘‘Fund’’ means the Tech-nology Modernization Fund established under section 1094(b)(1). (6) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘in-formation technology’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. (7) IT 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND .—The term ‘‘IT working capital fund’’ means an information technology system modernization and working capital fund established under section 1093(b)(1). (8) L
EGACY INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYS -
TEM.—The term ‘‘legacy information technology system’’ means an outdated or obsolete system of information technology. 
SEC. 1093. ESTABLISHMENT OF AGENCY INFOR-MATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION AND WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered agency’’ means each agency listed in section 901(b) of title 31, United States Code. (b) I
NFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM MOD-
ERNIZATION AND WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—The head of a covered agency may establish within the covered agency an information technology system moderniza-tion and working capital fund for necessary ex-penses described in paragraph (3). (2) S
OURCE OF FUNDS .—The following amounts may be deposited into an IT working capital fund: (A) Reprogramming and transfer of funds made available in appropriations Acts enacted after the date of enactment of this Act, includ-ing the transfer of any funds for the operation and maintenance of legacy information tech-nology systems, in compliance with any applica-ble reprogramming law or guidelines of the Com-mittees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives or transfer authority specifically provided in appropriations law. (B) Amounts made available to the IT working capital fund through discretionary appropria-tions made available after the date of enactment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5956 September 25, 2017 
(3) U SE OF FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund established under paragraph (1) may only be used— (A) to improve, retire, or replace existing in-formation technology systems in the covered agency to enhance cybersecurity and to improve efficiency and effectiveness across the life of a given workload, procured using full and open competition among all commercial items to the greatest extent practicable; (B) to transition legacy information tech-nology systems at the covered agency to com-mercial cloud computing and other innovative commercial platforms and technologies, includ-ing those serving more than 1 covered agency with common requirements; (C) to assist and support covered agency ef-forts to provide adequate, risk-based, and cost- effective information technology capabilities that address evolving threats to information se-curity; (D) to reimburse funds transferred to the cov-ered agency from the Fund with the approval of the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer, of the covered agency; and (E) for a program, project, or activity or to in-crease funds for any program, project, or activ-ity that has not been denied or restricted by Congress. (4) E
XISTING FUNDS .—An IT working capital fund may not be used to supplant funds pro-vided for the operation and maintenance of any system within an appropriation for the covered agency at the time of establishment of the IT working capital fund. (5) P
RIORITIZATION OF FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency— (A) shall prioritize funds within the IT work-ing capital fund of the covered agency to be used initially for cost savings activities ap-proved by the Chief Information Officer of the covered agency; and (B) may reprogram and transfer any amounts saved as a direct result of the cost savings ac-tivities approved under clause (i) for deposit into the IT working capital fund of the covered agency, consistent with paragraph (2)(A). (6) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any funds deposited into an IT working capital fund shall be available for obligation for the 3-year period beginning on the last day of the fiscal year in which the funds were deposited. (B) T
RANSFER OF UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .— Any amounts in an IT working capital fund that are unobligated at the end of the 3-year pe-riod described in subparagraph (A) shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treasury. (7) A
GENCY CIO RESPONSIBILITIES .—In evalu- ating projects to be funded by the IT working capital fund of a covered agency, the Chief In-formation Officer of the covered agency shall consider, to the extent applicable, guidance issued under section 1094(b)(1) to evaluate appli-cations for funding from the Fund that include factors including a strong business case, tech-nical design, consideration of commercial off- the-shelf products and services, procurement strategy (including adequate use of rapid, iterative software development practices), and program management. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the head of each covered agency shall submit to the Director, with respect to the IT working capital fund of the covered agency— (A) a list of each information technology in-vestment funded, including the estimated cost and completion date for each investment; and (B) a summary by fiscal year of obligations, expenditures, and unused balances. (2) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director shall make the information submitted under para-graph (1) publicly available on a website. SEC. 1094. ESTABLISHMENT OF TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND AND BOARD. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. (b) T
ECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION FUND.— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Treasury a Technology Modernization Fund for technology-related activities, to improve in-formation technology, to enhance cybersecurity across the Federal Government, and to be ad-ministered in accordance with guidance issued by the Director. (2) A
DMINISTRATION OF FUND .—The Adminis-trator, in consultation with the Chief Informa-tion Officers Council and with the approval of the Director, shall administer the Fund in ac-cordance with this subsection. (3) U
SE OF FUNDS .—The Administrator shall, in accordance with recommendations from the Board, use amounts in the Fund— (A) to transfer such amounts, to remain avail-able until expended, to the head of an agency for the acquisition of products and services, or the development of such products and services when more efficient and cost effective, to im-prove, retire, or replace existing Federal infor-mation technology systems to enhance cyberse-curity and privacy and improve long-term effi-ciency and effectiveness; (B) to transfer such amounts, to remain avail-able until expended, to the head of an agency for the operation and procurement of informa-tion technology products and services, or the de-velopment of such products and services when more efficient and cost effective, and acquisition vehicles for use by agencies to improve Govern-mentwide efficiency and cybersecurity in ac-cordance with the requirements of the agencies; (C) to provide services or work performed in support of— (i) the activities described in subparagraph (A) or (B); and (ii) the Board and the Director in carrying out the responsibilities described in subsection (c)(2); and (D) to fund only programs, projects, or activi-ties or to fund increases for any programs, projects, or activities that have not been denied or restricted by Congress. (4) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ; CRED-
ITS; AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .— (A) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Fund $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. (B) C
REDITS .—In addition to any funds other-wise appropriated, the Fund shall be credited with all reimbursements, advances, or refunds or recoveries relating to information technology or services provided for the purposes described in paragraph (3). (C) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Amounts depos-ited, credited, or otherwise made available to the Fund shall be available until expended for the purposes described in paragraph (3). (5) R
EIMBURSEMENT .— (A) R
EIMBURSEMENT BY AGENCY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall reimburse the Fund for any transfer made under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (3), in-cluding any services or work performed in sup-port of the transfer under paragraph (3)(C), in accordance with the terms established in a writ-ten agreement described in paragraph (6). (ii) R
EIMBURSEMENT FROM SUBSEQUENT AP -
PROPRIATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other pro-vision of law, an agency may make a reimburse-ment required under clause (i) from any appro-priation made available after the date of enact-ment of this Act for information technology ac-tivities, consistent with any applicable re-programming law or guidelines of the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. (iii) R
ECORDING OF OBLIGATION .—Notwith- standing section 1501 of title 31, United States Code, an obligation to make a payment under a written agreement described in paragraph (6) in a fiscal year after the date of enactment of this Act shall be recorded in the fiscal year in which the payment is due. (B) PRICES FIXED BY ADMINISTRATOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator, in con-sultation with the Director, shall establish amounts to be paid by an agency under this paragraph and the terms of repayment for ac-tivities funded under paragraph (3), including any services or work performed in support of that development under paragraph (3)(C), at levels sufficient to ensure the solvency of the Fund, including operating expenses. (ii) R
EVIEW AND APPROVAL .—Before making any changes to the established amounts and terms of repayment, the Administrator shall conduct a review and obtain approval from the Director. (C) F
AILURE TO MAKE TIMELY REIMBURSE -
MENT .—The Administrator may obtain reim-bursement from an agency under this paragraph by the issuance of transfer and counterwar-rants, or other lawful transfer documents, sup-ported by itemized bills, if payment is not made by the agency during the 90-day period begin-ning after the expiration of a repayment period described in a written agreement described in paragraph (6). (6) W
RITTEN AGREEMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Before the transfer of funds to an agency under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), the Administrator, in con-sultation with the Director, and the head of the agency shall enter into a written agreement— (i) documenting the purpose for which the funds will be used and the terms of repayment, which may not exceed 5 years unless approved by the Director; and (ii) which shall be recorded as an obligation as provided in paragraph (5)(A). (B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR USE OF INCREMENTAL  
FUNDING , COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES , 
AND RAPID , ITERATIVE DEVELOPMENT PRAC -
TICES .—The Administrator shall ensure— (i) for any funds transferred to an agency under paragraph (3)(A), in the absence of com-pelling circumstances documented by the Ad-ministrator at the time of transfer, that such funds shall be transferred only on an incre-mental basis, tied to metric-based development milestones achieved by the agency through the use of rapid, iterative, development processes; and (ii) that the use of commercial products and services are incorporated to the greatest extent practicable in activities funded under subpara-graphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (3), and that the written agreement required under paragraph (6) documents this preference. (7) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (A) L
IST OF PROJECTS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director shall maintain a list of each project funded by the Fund, to be updated not less than quarterly, that includes a description of the project, project status (including any schedule delay and cost overruns), financial expenditure data related to the project, and the extent to which the project is using commercial products and services, including if applicable, a justification of why commercial products and services were not used and the associated development and integration costs of custom development. (ii) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The list required under clause (i) shall be published on a public website in a manner that is, to the greatest ex-tent possible, consistent with applicable law on the protection of classified information, sources, and methods. (B) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress and make publically avail-able a report assessing— (i) the costs associated with establishing the Fund and maintaining the oversight structure 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5957 September 25, 2017 
associated with the Fund compared with the cost savings associated with the projects funded both annually and over the life of the acquired products and services by the Fund; (ii) the reliability of the cost savings estimated by agencies associated with projects funded by the Fund; (iii) whether agencies receiving transfers of funds from the Fund used full and open com-petition to acquire the custom development of information technology products or services; and (iv) the number of IT procurement, develop-ment, and modernization programs, offices, and entities in the Federal Government, including 18F and the United States Digital Services, the roles, responsibilities, and goals of those pro-grams and entities, and the extent to which they duplicate work. (c) T
ECHNOLOGY MODERNIZATION BOARD .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—There is established a Technology Modernization Board to evaluate proposals submitted by agencies for funding au-thorized under the Fund. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Board are— (A) to provide input to the Director for the de-velopment of processes for agencies to submit modernization proposals to the Board and to es-tablish the criteria by which those proposals are evaluated, which shall include— (i) addressing the greatest security, privacy, and operational risks; (ii) having the greatest Governmentwide im-pact; and (iii) having a high probability of success based on factors including a strong business case, technical design, consideration of commercial off-the-shelf products and services, procurement strategy (including adequate use of rapid, agile iterative software development practices), and program management; (B) to make recommendations to the Adminis-trator to assist agencies in the further develop-ment and refinement of select submitted mod-ernization proposals, based on an initial evalua-tion performed with the assistance of the Ad-ministrator; (C) to review and prioritize, with the assist-ance of the Administrator and the Director, modernization proposals based on criteria estab-lished pursuant to subparagraph (A); (D) to identify, with the assistance of the Ad-ministrator, opportunities to improve or replace multiple information technology systems with a smaller number of information technology serv-ices common to multiple agencies; (E) to recommend the funding of moderniza-tion projects, in accordance with the uses de-scribed in subsection (b)(3), to the Adminis-trator; (F) to monitor, in consultation with the Ad-ministrator, progress and performance in exe-cuting approved projects and, if necessary, rec-ommend the suspension or termination of fund-ing for projects based on factors including the failure to meet the terms of a written agreement described in subsection (b)(6); and (G) to monitor the operating costs of the Fund. (3) M
EMBERSHIP .—The Board shall consist of 7 voting members. (4) C
HAIR.—The Chair of the Board shall be the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government. (5) P
ERMANENT MEMBERS .—The permanent members of the Board shall be— (A) the Administrator of the Office of Elec-tronic Government; and (B) a senior official from the General Services Administration having technical expertise in in-formation technology development, appointed by the Administrator, with the approval of the Director. (6) A
DDITIONAL MEMBERS OF THE BOARD .— (A) A
PPOINTMENT .—The other members of the Board shall be— (i) 1 employee of the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security, appointed by the Secretary of Homeland Security; and (ii) 4 employees of the Federal Government primarily having technical expertise in informa-tion technology development, financial manage-ment, cybersecurity and privacy, and acquisi-tion, appointed by the Director. (B) TERM.—Each member of the Board de-scribed in paragraph (A) shall serve a term of 1 year, which shall be renewable not more than 4 times at the discretion of the appointing Sec-retary or Director, as applicable. (7) P
ROHIBITION ON COMPENSATION .—Members of the Board may not receive additional pay, al-lowances, or benefits by reason of their service on the Board. (8) S
TAFF.—Upon request of the Chair of the Board, the Director and the Administrator may detail, on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis, any employee of the Federal Government to the Board to assist the Board in carrying out the functions of the Board. (d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF ADMINISTRATOR .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the respon-sibilities described in subsection (b), the Admin-istrator shall support the activities of the Board and provide technical support to, and, with the concurrence of the Director, oversight of, agen-cies that receive transfers from the Fund. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the Administrator are— (A) to provide direct technical support in the form of personnel services or otherwise to agen-cies transferred amounts under subsection (b)(3)(A) and for products, services, and acquisi-tion vehicles funded under subsection (b)(3)(B); (B) to assist the Board with the evaluation, prioritization, and development of agency mod-ernization proposals. (C) to perform regular project oversight and monitoring of approved agency modernization projects, in consultation with the Board and the Director, to increase the likelihood of successful implementation and reduce waste; and (D) to provide the Director with information necessary to meet the requirements of subsection (b)(7). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) S
UNSET .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—On and after the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Comptroller General of the United States issues the third re-port required under subsection (b)(7)(B), the Ad-ministrator may not award or transfer funds from the Fund for any project that is not al-ready in progress as of such date. (2) T
RANSFER OF UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which all projects that received an award from the Fund are completed, any amounts in the Fund shall be transferred to the general fund of the Treas-ury and shall be used for deficit reduction. (3) T
ERMINATION OF TECHNOLOGY MODERNIZA -
TION BOARD .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which all projects that received an award from the Fund are completed, the Tech-nology Modernization Board and all the au-thorities of subsection (c) shall terminate. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Subtitle A—Department of Defense Matters 
SEC. 1101. PILOT PROGRAM ON ENHANCED PER-SONNEL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM FOR CYBERSECURITY AND LEGAL PRO-FESSIONALS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall carry out within the De-partment of Defense a pilot program to assess the feasability and advisability of an enhanced personnel management system in accordance with this section for cybersecurity and legal pro-fessionals in the Department described in sub-section (b) who enter civilian service with the Department on or after January 1, 2020. (b) C
YBERSECURITY AND LEGAL PROFES -
SIONALS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The cybersecurity and legal professionals described in this subsection are the following: (A) Civilian cybersecurity professionals in the Department of Defense consisting of civilian personnel engaged in or directly supporting planning, commanding and controlling, train-ing, developing, acquiring, modifying, and oper-ating systems and capabilities, and military units and intelligence organizations (other than those funded by the National Intelligence Pro-gram) that are directly engaged in or used for offensive and defensive cyber and information warfare or intelligence activities in support thereof. (B) Civilian legal professionals in the Depart-ment occupying legal or similar positions, as de-termined by the Secretary of Defense for pur-poses of the pilot program, that require eligi-bility to practice law in a State or territory of the United States. (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY TO SES POSITIONS .—The pilot program shall not apply to positions within the Senior Executive Service under subchapter VIII of chapter 53 of title 5, United States Code. (c) D
IRECT -APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF GENERAL CIVIL SERVICE  
APPOINTMENT AUTHORITIES TO APPOINTMENTS .— Under the pilot program, the Secretary of De-fense, with respect to the Defense Agencies, and the Secretary of the military department con-cerned, with respect to the military departments, may appoint qualified candidates as cybersecu-rity and legal professionals without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code. (2) A
PPOINTMENT ON DIRECT -HIRE BASIS .—Ap- pointments under the pilot program shall be made on a direct-hire basis. (d) T
ERMAPPOINTMENTS .— (1) R
ENEWABLE TERM APPOINTMENTS .—Each individual shall serve with the Department of Defense as a cybersecurity or legal professional under the pilot program pursuant to an initial appointment to service with the Department for a term of not less than 2 years nor more than 8 years. Any term of appointment under the pilot program may be renewed for one or more addi-tional terms of not less than 2 years nor more than 8 years as provided in subsection (h). (2) L
ENGTH OF TERMS .—The length of the term of appointment to a position under the pilot pro-gram shall be prescribed by the Secretary of De-fense taking into account the national security, mission, and other applicable requirements of the position. Positions having identical or simi-lar requirements or terms may be grouped into categories for purposes of the pilot program. The Secretary may delegate any authority in this paragraph to a commissioned officer of the Armed Forces in pay grade O–7 or above or an employee in the Department in the Senior Exec-utive Service. (e) N
ATURE OF SERVICE UNDER APPOINT -
MENTS .— (1) T
REATMENT OF PERSONNEL APPOINTED AS  ‘‘
EMPLOYEES ’’.—Except as otherwise provided by this section, individuals serving with the De-partment of Defense as cybersecurity or legal professionals under the pilot program pursuant to appointments under this section shall be con-sidered employees (as specified in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code) for purposes of the provisions of title 5, United States Code, and other applicable provisions of law, including, in particular, for purposes as follows: (A) Eligibility for participation in the Federal Employees’ Retirement System under chapter 84 of title 5, United States Code, subject to the pro-visions of section 8402 of such title and the regu-lations prescribed pursuant to such section. (B) Eligibility for enrollment in a health bene-fits plan under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred as the ‘‘Federal Employees Health Benefits Program’’). (C) Eligibility for and subject to the employ-ment protections of subpart F of part III of title 5, United States Code, relating to merit prin-ciples and protections. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5958 September 25, 2017 
(D) Eligibility for the protections of chapter 81, of title 5, United States Code, relating to workers compensation. (2) S
COPE OF RIGHTS AND BENEFITS .—In ad- ministering the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall specify, and from time to time up-date, a comprehensive description of the rights and benefits of individuals serving with the De-partment under the pilot program pursuant to this subsection and of the provisions of law under which such rights and benefits arise. (f) C
OMPENSATION .— (1) B
ASIC PAY .—Individuals serving with the Department of Defense as cybersecurity or legal professionals under the pilot program shall be paid basic pay for such service in accordance with a schedule of pay prescribed by the Sec-retary of Defense for purposes of the pilot pro-gram. (2) T
REATMENT AS BASIC PAY .—Basic pay pay-able under the pilot program shall be treated for all purposes as basic pay paid under the provi-sions of title 5, United States Code. (3) P
ERFORMANCE AWARDS .—Individuals serv-ing with the Department as cybersecurity or legal professionals under the pilot program may be awarded such performance awards for out-standing performance as the Secretary shall pre-scribe for purposes of the pilot program. The performance awards may include a monetary bonus, time off with pay, or such other awards as the Secretary considers appropriate for pur-poses of the pilot program. The award of per-formance awards under the pilot program shall based in accordance with such policies and re-quirements as the Secretary shall prescribe for purposes of the pilot program. (4) A
DDITIONAL COMPENSATION .—Individuals serving with the Department as cybersecurity or legal professionals under the pilot program may be awarded such additional compensation above basic pay as the Secretary (or the designees of the Secretary) consider appropriate in order to promote the recruitment and retention of highly skilled and productive cybersecurity and legal professionals to and with the Department. (g) P
ROBATIONARY PERIOD .—The following terms of appointment shall be treated as a pro-bationary period under the pilot program: (1) The first term of appointment of an indi-vidual to service with the Department of De-fense as a cybersecurity or legal professional, re-gardless of length. (2) The first term of appointment of an indi-vidual to a supervisory position in the Depart-ment as a cybersecurity or legal professional, re-gardless of length and regardless of whether or not such term of appointment to a supervisory position is the first term of appointment of the individual concerned to service with the Depart-ment as a cybersecurity or legal professional. (h) R
ENEWAL OF APPOINTMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe the conditions for the renewal of appointments under the pilot program. The con-ditions may apply to one or more categories of positions, positions on a case-by-case basis, or both. (2) P
ARTICULAR CONDITIONS .—In prescribing conditions for the renewal of appointments under the pilot program, the Secretary shall take into account the following (in the order specified): (A) The necessity for the continuation of the position concerned based on mission require-ments and other applicable justifications for the position. (B) The service performance of the individual serving in the position concerned, with individ-uals with satisfactory or better performance af-forded preference in renewal. (C) Input from employees on conditions for re-newal. (D) Applicable private and public sector labor market conditions. (3) S
ERVICE PERFORMANCE .—The assessment of the service performance of an individual under the pilot program for purposes of paragraph (2)(B) shall consist of an assessment of the abil-ity of the individual to effectively accomplish mission goals for the position concerned as de-termined by the supervisor or manager of the in-dividual based on the individual’s performance evaluations and the knowledge of and review by such supervisor or manager (developed in con-sultation with the individual) of the individ-ual’s performance in the position. An individ-ual’s tenure of service in a position or the De-partment of Defense may not be the primary ele-ment of the assessment. (i) PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The pilot program shall provide for the professional devel-opment of individuals serving with the Depart-ment of Defense as cybersecurity and legal pro-fessionals under the pilot program in a manner that— (1) creates opportunities for education, train-ing, and career-broadening experiences, and for experimental opportunities in other organiza-tions within and outside the Federal Govern-ment; and (2) reflects the differentiated needs of per-sonnel at different stages of their careers. (j) S
ABBATICALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The pilot program shall pro-vide for an individual who is in a successive term after the first 8 years with the Department of Defense as a cybersecurity or legal profes-sional under the pilot program to take, at the election of the individual, a paid or unpaid sab-batical from service with the Department for professional development or education purposes. The length of a sabbatical shall be any length not less than 6 months nor more than 1 year (unless a different period is approved by the Secretary of the military department or head of the organization or element of the Department concerned for purposes of this subsection). The purpose of any sabbatical shall be subject to ad-vance approval by the organization or element in the Department in which the individual is currently performing service. The taking of a sabbatical shall be contingent on the written agreement of the individual concerned to serve with the Department for an appropriate length of time at the conclusion of the term of appoint-ment in which the sabbatical commences, with the period of such service to be in addition to the period of such term of appointment. (2) N
UMBER OF SABBATICALS .—An individual may take more than one sabbatical under this subsection. (3) R
EPAYMENT .—Except as provided in para-graph (4), an individual who fails to satisfy a written agreement executed under paragraph (1) with respect to a sabbatical shall repay the De-partment an amount equal to any pay, allow-ances, and other benefits received by the indi-vidual from the Department during the period of the sabbatical. (4) W
AIVER OF REPAYMENT .—An agreement under paragraph (1) may include such condi-tions for the waiver of repayment otherwise re-quired under paragraph (3) for failure to satisfy such agreement as the Secretary specifies in such agreement. (k) R
EGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall administer the pilot program under regula-tions prescribed by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program. (l) T
ERMINATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority of the Sec-retary of Defense to appoint individuals for service with the Department of Defense as cy-bersecurity or legal professionals under the pilot program shall expire on December 31, 2029. (2) E
FFECT ON EXISTING APPOINTMENTS .—The termination of authority in paragraph (1) shall not be construed to terminate or otherwise affect any appointment made under this section before December 31, 2029, that remains valid as of that date. (m) I
MPLEMENTATION .— (1) I
NTERIM FINAL RULE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe an in-terim final rule to implement the pilot program. (2) FINAL RULE .—Not later than 180 days after prescribing the interim final rule under para-graph (1) and considering public comments with respect to such interim final rule, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule to implement the pilot program. (3) O
BJECTIVES .—The regulations prescribed under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall accomplish the objectives set forth in subsections (a) through (j) and otherwise ensure flexibility and expedited appointment of cybersecurity and legal professionals in the Department of Defense under the pilot program. (n) R
EPORTS .— (1) R
EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than Janu-ary 30 of each of 2022, 2025, and 2028, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report on the carrying out of the pilot program. Each report shall include the following: (A) A description and assessment of the car-rying out of the pilot program during the period since the commencement of the pilot program or the previous submittal of a report under this subsection, as applicable. (B) A description and assessment of the suc-cesses in and impediments to carrying out the pilot program system during such period. (C) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate for legislative action to improve the pilot program and to otherwise im-prove civilian personnel management of cyberse-curity and legal professionals by the Depart-ment of Defense. (D) In the case of the report submitted in 2028, an assessment and recommendations by the Sec-retary on whether to make the pilot program permanent. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1102. INCLUSION OF STRATEGIC CAPABILI-TIES OFFICE AND DEFENSE INNOVA-TION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN PER-SONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY TO ATTRACT EXPERTS IN SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1599h of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new para-graphs: ‘‘(4) S
TRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE .—The Di- rector of the Strategic Capabilities Office may carry out a program of personnel management authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Office. ‘‘(5) DIUx.—The Director of the Defense Inno-vation Unit Experimental may carry out a pro-gram of personnel management authority pro-vided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate re-cruitment of eminent experts in science or engi-neering for the Unit.’’. (b) S
COPE OF APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (b)(1) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) in the case of the Strategic Capabilities Office, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineer-ing positions in the Office; and ‘‘(E) in the case of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, appoint scientists and engi-neers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineering positions in the Unit;’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF TERMS OF APPOINTMENT .— Subsection (c)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘or the Office of Operational Test and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5959 September 25, 2017 
Evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Office of Oper-ational Test and Evaluation, the Strategic Ca-pabilities Office, or the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental’’. 
SEC. 1103. PERMANENT AUTHORITY FOR DEM-ONSTRATION PROJECTS RELATING TO ACQUISITION PERSONNEL MAN-AGEMENT POLICIES AND PROCE-DURES. 
(a) P ERMANENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsections (g) and (h). (b) S
COPE OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘C
OM-
MENCEMENT .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘a demonstration project’’ and inserting ‘‘I
NGEN-
ERAL.—The Secretary of Defense may carry out demonstration projects’’. (c) I
NCREASE IN LIMIT ON NUMBER OF PARTICI -
PANTS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amend-ed by striking ‘‘the demonstration project under this section may not exceed 120,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘at any one time in demonstration projects under this section may not exceed 130,000’’. (d) A
SSESSMENTS .—Subsection (e) of such sec-tion is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) Upon the completion of a demonstration project under this section, the Secretary of De-fense shall provide for the conduct of an assess-ment of the demonstration project by an appro-priate independent organization designated by the Secretary for that purpose. The Secretary shall submit to the covered congressional com-mittees a report on each assessment conducted pursuant to this paragraph.’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). 
SEC. 1104. ESTABLISHMENT OF SENIOR SCI-ENTIFIC TECHNICAL MANAGERS AT MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITY BASE FACILITIES AND DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CEN-TER. 
Section 2358a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, each facility of the Major Range and Test Facility Base, and the Defense Test Resource Management Center’’ after ‘‘each STRL’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, of such facility of the Major Range and Test Facil-ity Base, or the Defense Test Resource Manage-ment Center’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The positions’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) The laboratory positions’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) The test and evaluation positions de-scribed in paragraph (1) may be filled, and shall be managed, by the director of the Major Range and Test Facility Base, in the case of a position at a facility of the Major Range and Test Facil-ity Base, and the director of the Defense Test Resource Management Center, in the case of a position at such center, under criteria estab-lished pursuant to section 342(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note), relat-ing to personnel demonstration projects at lab-oratories of the Department of Defense, except that the director involved shall determine the number of such positions at each facility of the Major Range and Test Facility Base and the Defense Test Resource Management Center, not to exceed two percent of the number of scientists and engineers employed at the Major Range and Test Facility Base or the Defense Test Resource Management Center, as the case may be, as of the close of the last fiscal year before the fiscal year in which any appointments subject to that numerical limitations are made.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (4), respectively; (B) by inserting before paragraph (2), as re-designated by subparagraph (A), the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) The term ‘Defense Test Resource Man-agement Center’ means the Department of De-fense Test Resource Management Center estab-lished under section 196 of this title.’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (2), as so re-designated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘Major Range and Test Facility Base’ means the test and evaluation facilities and resources that are designated by the Sec-retary of Defense as facilities and resources comprising the Major Range and Test Facility Base.’’. SEC. 1105. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR DOMESTIC DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILI-TIES AND THE MAJOR RANGE AND TEST FACILITIES BASE. 
Section 1125(a) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2457; 10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended by striking ‘‘and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’. 
SEC. 1106. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR FINAN-CIAL MANAGEMENT EXPERTS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE WORK-FORCE. 
Section 1110 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2450; 10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘the Defense Agencies or the applicable military Department’’ and inserting ‘‘a Department of Defense compo-nent’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘the De-fense Agencies’’ and inserting ‘‘each Depart-ment of Defense component listed in subsection (f) other than the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘any Defense Agency or mili-tary department’’ and inserting ‘‘any Depart-ment of Defense component’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such Defense Agency or mili-tary department’’ and inserting ‘‘such Depart-ment of Defense component’’; and (4) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMPONENT  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘Department of Defense component’ means the following: ‘‘(1) A Defense Agency. ‘‘(2) The Office of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. ‘‘(3) The Joint Staff. ‘‘(4) A combatant command. ‘‘(5) The Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(6) A Field Activity of the Department of De-fense. ‘‘(7) The Department of the Army. ‘‘(8) The Department of the Navy. ‘‘(9) The Department of the Air Force.’’. 
SEC. 1107. AUTHORITY FOR WAIVER OF REQUIRE-MENT FOR A BACCALAUREATE DE-GREE FOR POSITIONS IN THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE ON CYBER-SECURITY AND COMPUTER PRO-GRAMMING. 
(a) B RIEFING ON WAIVER REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the feasability and advisability of the enactment into law of the waiver authority described in subsection (b) and the authorities in subsections (c) through (e). (b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The waiver author-ity described in this subsection is the authority of the Secretary of Defense to waive any re-quirement in law for the possession of a bacca-laureate degree as a condition of appointment to a position or category of positions in the De-partment of Defense specified in subsection (c) if the Secretary determined that the duties of the position or category of positions could be appro-priately discharged by individuals dem-onstrating expertise other than a baccalaureate degree. (c) POSITIONS .—The positions or categories of positions in the Department specified in this subsection are positions or categories of posi-tions whose primary duties involve the fol-lowing: (1) Cybersecurity, including computer network operations, computer network defense, computer network attack, and computer network exploi-tation. (2) Computer programming. (d) A
PPOINTMENT .—An individual who does not possess a baccalaureate degree could be ap-pointed to a position covered by a waiver pursu-ant to subsection (b) only if the Secretary deter-mined that the expertise demonstrated by the in-dividual was sufficient for the appropriate dis-charge of the duties of the position by the indi-vidual. (e) G
UIDANCE .—The Secretary would issue guidance for purposes of this section setting forth the following: (1) The positions or categories of positions in the Department subject to the waiver authorized by subsection (b). (2) For each position or category of positions, the expertise required for appointment to such position or category of positions. Subtitle B—Government-wide Matters 
SEC. 1111. ELIMINATION OF FOREIGN EXEMPTION PROVISION IN REGARD TO OVER-TIME FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EM-PLOYEES TEMPORARILY ASSIGNED TO A FOREIGN AREA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5542 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) Notwithstanding section 13(f) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 213(f)), an employee who is working at a location in a foreign country, or in a territory under the ju-risdiction of the United States to which the ex-emption under such section 13(f) applies, in tem-porary duty travel status while maintaining an official duty station or worksite in an area of the United States that is not exempted under such section 13(f) shall not be considered, for all purposes, to be exempted from section 7 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 207) on the basis of the employee performing work at such a location.’’. (b) F
EDERAL WAGESYSTEM EMPLOYEES .—Sec- tion 5544 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) Notwithstanding section 13(f) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 213(f)), an employee whose overtime pay is determined in accordance with subsection (a) who is work-ing at a location in a foreign country, or in a territory under the jurisdiction of the United States to which the exemption under such sec-tion 13(f) applies, in temporary duty travel sta-tus while maintaining an official duty station or worksite in an area of the United States that is not exempted under such section 13(f) shall not be considered, for all purposes, to be exempted from section 7 of such Act (29 U.S.C. 207) on the basis of the employee performing work at such a location.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 5542(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing paragraph (6). 
SEC. 1112. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIM-ITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CI-VILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVER-SEAS. 
Section 1101(a) of the Duncan Hunter Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1137 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5960 September 25, 2017 
amended by striking ‘‘through 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘through 2018’’. 
SEC. 1113. ONE-YEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOW-ANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFI-CIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emer-gency Supplemental Appropriations Act for De-fense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most recently amended by section 1133 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. SUPPORT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FOR IRREGULAR WARFARE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the relevant Chief of Mission, expend up to $10,000,000 during each of fiscal years 2018 through 2021 to provide sup-port to foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals engaged in supporting or facili-tating ongoing irregular warfare operations by United States Special Operations Forces. (b) F
UNDS.—Funds for support under this sec-tion in a fiscal year shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated for that fiscal year for the Department of Defense for op-eration and maintenance. (c) P
ROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The authority in this section shall be exercised in accordance with such pro-cedures as the Secretary shall establish for pur-poses of this section. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The procedures that shall es-tablish, at a minimum, the following: (A) Policy guidance for the execution of ac-tivities under the authority in this section. (B) The processes through which activities under the authority in this section are to be de-veloped, validated, and coordinated, as appro-priate, with relevant entities of the United States Government. (3) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON PROCEDURES AND  
MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS .—The Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of the procedures established pursuant to this sec-tion before any exercise of the authority in this section, and shall notify such committee of any material modification of the procedures. (d) N
OTIFICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days before exercising the authority in this section to make funds available to initiate support of an ap-proved military operation or changing the scope or funding level of any support under this sec-tion for such an operation by $500,000 or an amount equal to 10 percent of such funding level (whichever is less), or not later than 48 hours after exercising such authority if the Secretary determines that extraordinary circumstances that impact the national security of the United States exist that otherwise prevent notice under this subsection before the exercise of such au-thority, the Secretary shall notify the congres-sional defense committees of the use of such au-thority with respect to such operation. Any such notification shall be in writing. (2) E
LEMENTS .—A notification required by this subsection shall include the following: (A) The type of support provided or to be pro-vided to United States Special Operations Forces. (B) The type of support provided or to be pro-vided to the recipient of the funds. (C) The amount obligated under the authority to provide support. (e) L
IMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The author-ity of the Secretary to make funds available under this section for support of a military oper-ation may not be delegated. (f) CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization for any of the following: (1) The conduct of a covert action, as such term is defined in section 503(e) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(e)). (2) The introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations wherein hostilities are clearly indicated by the cir-cumstances. (3) The conduct or support of activities, di-rectly or indirectly, that are inconsistent with the laws of armed conflict. (g) P
ROGRAMMATIC AND POLICY OVERSIGHT .— The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall have primary programmatic and policy oversight within the Office of the Secretary of Defense of support to irregular warfare activities author-ized by this section. (h) B
IANNUAL REPORTS .— (1) R
EPORT ON PRECEDING FISCAL YEAR .—Not later than 120 days after the close of each fiscal year in which subsection (a) is in effect, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the support provided under this section during the preceding fiscal year. (2) R
EPORT ON CURRENT CALENDAR YEAR .—Not later than 180 days after the submittal of each report required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the support provided under this section during the first half of the fiscal year in which the report under this paragraph is submitted. (3) E
LEMENTS .—Each report required by this subsection shall include the following: (A) A summary of the ongoing irregular war-fare operations by United States Special Oper-ations Forces that were supported or facilitated by foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or in-dividuals for which support was provided under this section during the period covered by such report. (B) A description of the support or facilitation provided by such foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals to United States Special Operations Forces during such period. (C) The type of recipients that were provided support under this section during such period, identified by authorized category (foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals). (D) A detailed description of the support pro-vided to the recipients under this section during such period. (E) The total amount obligated for support under this section during such period, including budget details. (F) The intended duration of support provided under this section during such period (G) An assessment of value of the support pro-vided under this section during such period, in-cluding a summary of significant activities un-dertaken by foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals to support irregular war-fare operations by United States Special Oper-ations Forces. (H) The total amount obligated for support under this section in prior fiscal years. (i) I
RREGULAR WARFARE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘irregular warfare’’ means ac-tivities in support of predetermined United States policy and military objectives conducted by, with, and through regular forces, irregular forces, groups, and individuals participating in competition between state and non-state actors short of traditional armed conflict. 
SEC. 1202. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY ON SUPPORT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS TO COMBAT TERRORISM. 
(a) O VERSIGHT OF SUPPORT .—Section 127e of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (g) as sub-section (h); and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the fol-lowing new subsection (g): ‘‘(g) OVERSIGHT BY ASD FORSOLIC.—The As-sistant Secretary of Defense for Special Oper-ations and Low-Intensity Conflict shall have primary responsibility within the Office of the Secretary of Defense for oversight of policies and programs for support authorized by this section.’’. (b) R
EPORTS .—Subsection (h) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this sec-tion is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
CALENDAR  
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘ FISCAL YEAR ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘March 1 each year’’ and in-serting ‘‘120 days after the end of the preceding fiscal year of each year’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the preceding calendar year’’ and inserting ‘‘such preceding fiscal year’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
CALENDAR  
YEAR’’ and inserting ‘‘ FISCAL YEAR ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘September 1’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘the calendar year’’ and in-serting ‘‘the fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1203. MODIFICATIONS OF CERTAIN AUTHOR-ITY IN CONNECTION WITH REFORM OF DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERA-TION PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES. 
(a) D EFENSE INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY BUILD-
ING OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES .—Section 332 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘members of the armed forces and’’ before ‘‘civilian employ-ees’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1); (2) in subsection (b)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘employees’’ both place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘advisors’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘employee’s’’ and inserting ‘‘advisor’s’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘member of the armed forces or’’ before ‘‘civilian employee of the Department of Defense’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1); (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘employee as an’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the em-ployee’’ and inserting ‘‘the advisor’’. (b) D
EFENSE INSTITUTIONAL CAPACITY BUILD-
ING OF FOREIGN FORCES .—Section 333(c)(4) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘the Depart-ment’’ and inserting ‘‘the Department of De-fense or another department or agency of the United States Government’’. 
SEC. 1204. GLOBAL SECURITY CONTINGENCY FUND MATTERS. 
(a) T WO-YEAR EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY .— Section 1207 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (p)— (A) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’. (b) P
URPOSES OF FUND.—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, or other national security forces that conduct border and maritime security, in-ternal defense, and counterterrorism oper-ations’’ and inserting ‘‘or other national secu-rity forces’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) provide support to civil or national secu-rity authorities in connection with humani-tarian assistance (including demining), disaster 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5961 September 25, 2017 
response, and disaster risk reduction activi-ties.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘rule of law programs,’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘rule of law programs and stabilization efforts in a country.’’. (c) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS ON INITIATION OF AS-
SISTANCE .—Subsection (l) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. 
SEC. 1205. DEFENSE INSTITUTE OF INTER-NATIONAL LEGAL STUDIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may operate an institute to be known as the ‘‘Defense Institute of International Legal Stud-ies’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Insti-tute’’) in accordance with this section for pur-poses in furtherance of United States security and foreign policy objectives of— (1) promoting an understanding of and appre-ciation for the rule of law; and (2) encouraging the international development of internal capacities of foreign governments for civilian control of the military, military justice, the legal aspects of peacekeeping, good govern-ance and anti-corruption in defense reform, and human rights. (b) A
CTIVITIES .—In carrying out the purposes specified in subsection (a), the Institute may conduct activities as follows: (1) Research, communication, and exchange of ideas. (2) Education and training involving military and civilian personnel, both within and outside the United States. (3) Building the legal capacity of foreign mili-tary and other security forces, including equi-table, transparent, and accountable defense in-stitutions, civilian control of the military, human rights, and democratic governance. (4) Institutional legal capacity building of for-eign defense and security institutions. (c) C
ONCURRENCE OF SECRETARY OF STATE.— The concurrence of the Secretary of State is re-quired to conduct activities specified in sub-section (b). (d) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REVIEW .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the mission, workforce, funding, and other support of the Institute. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The review shall include, but not be limited to, the following: (A) An assessment of the scope of the mission of the Institute, taking into account the increas-ing security cooperation authorities and require-ments of the Department of Defense, including core rule of law training in the United States and abroad, defense legal institution building, and statutorily required human rights and legal capacity building of foreign security forces. (B) An assessment of the workforce of the In-stitute, including whether it is appropriately sized to align with the full scope of the mission of the Institute. (C) A review of the funding mechanisms for the activities of the Institute, including the cur-rent mechanisms for reimbursing the Institute by the Department of State and by the Depart-ment of Defense through the budget of the De-fense Security Cooperation Agency. (D) An evaluation of the feasibility and advis-ability of the provision of funds appropriated for the Department of Defense directly to the In-stitute, and the actions, if any, required to au-thorize the Institute to receive such funds di-rectly. (E) A description of the challenges, if any, of the Institute to increase its capacity to provide residence courses to meet demands for training and assistance. (F) An assessment of the capacity of the De-partment of Defense to assess, monitor, and evaluate the effectiveness of the human rights training and other activities of the Institute. (3) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report summarizing the findings of the review and any recommendations for enhancing the capability of the Institute to fulfill its mis-sion that the Secretary considers appropriate. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan SEC. 1211. EXTENSION OF COMMANDERS’ EMER-GENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM AND RELATED AUTHORITIES. 
(a) CERP.—Section 1201 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most re-cently amended by section 1211(a) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2477), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) P
AYMENTS FOR REDRESS OF CERTAIN INJU-
RIES.—Section 1211(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (130 Stat. 2478) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1212. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANS-FER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PRO-VIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XPIRATION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most recently amended by section 1213 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2478), is further amended by striking ‘‘De-cember 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. (b) E
XCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section 1222, as so amended, is fur-ther amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1218 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is further amended by striking ‘‘the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018,’’. (b) L
IMITATIONS ON AMOUNTS AVAILABLE .— Subsection (d)(1) of such section, as so amended, is further amended— (1) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2016, and ending on December 31, 2017, may not exceed $1,100,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $900,000,000’’; and (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘the pe-riod beginning on October 1, 2016 and ending on December 31, 2017, may not exceed $900,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $700,000,000’’. (c) E
XTENSION OF REPORTING REQUIREMENT  
ONREIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR SECURITY  E
NHANCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Subsection (e)(2) of such section, as added by section 1218 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is amended by inserting ‘‘and annu-ally thereafter,’’ after ‘‘December 31, 2017,’’. (d) E
XTENSION OF NOTICE REQUIREMENT RE-
LATING TO REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN FOR  S
UPPORT PROVIDED BY PAKISTAN .—Section 1232(b)(6) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008, as most recently amended by section 1218(e) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2018’’. (e) EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  P
AKISTAN .—Section 1227(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2001), as most re-cently amended by section 1218(f) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended by striking ‘‘for any period prior to December 31, 2017’’ and in-serting ‘‘for fiscal year 2018 and any prior fiscal year’’. (f) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATION ON REIMBURSE -
MENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION ON  P
AKISTAN .—Of the total amount of reimburse-ments and support authorized for Pakistan dur-ing fiscal year 2018 pursuant to the second sen-tence of section 1233(d)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (as amended by subsection (b)(2)), $350,000,000 shall not be eligible for the waiver under section 1227(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (126 Stat. 2001) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congres-sional defense committees that— (1) Pakistan continues to conduct military op-erations that are contributing to significantly disrupting the safe havens, fundraising and re-cruiting efforts, and freedom of movement of the Haqqani Network and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba in Pakistan; (2) Pakistan has taken steps to demonstrate its commitment to prevent the Haqqani Network and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba from using any Paki-stan territory as a safe haven and for fund-raising and recruiting efforts; (3) the Government of Pakistan is making an attempt to actively coordinate with the Govern-ment of Afghanistan to restrict the movement of militants, such as the Haqqani Network and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba, along the Afghanistan- Pakistan border; and (4) Pakistan has shown progress in arresting and prosecuting senior leaders and mid-level operatives of the Haqqani Network and Lashkar-e-Tayyiba. 
SEC. 1214. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO AC-QUIRE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PRODUCED IN COUNTRIES ALONG A MAJOR ROUTE OF SUPPLY TO AF-GHANISTAN. 
Section 801(f) of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2399), as most recently amended by section 1212 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2478), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘De-cember 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 1215. EXTENSION OF SEMIANNUAL REPORT ON ENHANCING SECURITY AND STA-BILITY IN AFGHANISTAN. 
Section 1225(a)(2) of the Carl Levin and How-ard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3550), as amended by section 1215(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2480), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 15, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 15, 2020’’. 
SEC. 1216. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE AFGHAN SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISA PROGRAM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The Armed Forces, the Department of State, the United States Agency for Inter-national Development, and other agencies and departments of the United States rely on the services of Afghan nationals in a variety of sen-sitive and trusted capacities to support the oper-ations of the United States Government in Af-ghanistan. (2) Afghans who have supported the United States Government in Afghanistan face grave threats from the Taliban and other terrorist groups as a result of their service. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5962 September 25, 2017 
(3) Commander of the United States Central Command, General Joseph L. Votel, warned in a June 14, 2017, letter that ‘‘curtailing or aban-doning’’ the special immigrant visa program for Afghans carried out under the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) ‘‘would risk significantly undermining years of progress and goodwill and could serve to tip the balance in favor of malign actors’’. (4) Commander of Resolute Support and United States Forces-Afghanistan, General John W. Nicholson Jr., warned in a June 12, 2017, let-ter that if such program ‘‘is not fully resourced it could significantly undermine our credibility and the 16 years of tremendous sacrifice by thousands of Afghans on behalf of Americans and Coalition partners’’. (5) All visas allocated for such program are projected to be exhausted and all visa issuances for principal applicants will cease in October 2017, if additional visas are not authorized. (6) The cessation of the issuance of special im-migrant visas for Afghans is likely to cause panic among the Afghans who are assisting the United States, often at great personal risk, and could significantly affect the operations of the United States Government in Afghanistan. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that an additional 4,000 visas should be made available for principal aliens who are eligible for special immigrant status under the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) to prevent harm to the operations of the United States Government in Afghanistan. 
SEC. 1217. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS FOR AF-GHAN ALLIES. 
Section 602(b)(3)(F) of the Afghan Allies Pro-tection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amend-ed in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘11,000’’ and inserting ‘‘15,000’’. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran 
SEC. 1231. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF CONSTRUCTION AUTHOR -
ITY.— (1) C
LARIFICATION .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking ‘‘facility and infrastructure repair and renovation,’’ and inserting ‘‘infrastructure repair and renovation, small-scale construction of temporary facilities necessary to meet urgent operational or force protection requirements with a cost less than $4,000,000,’’. (2) A
DDITIONAL LIMITATIONS AND REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Such section 1236 is further amended by adding at the end the following new sub-sections: ‘‘(m) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE COST OF  C
ONSTRUCTION , R EPAIR , AND RENOVATION  P
ROJECTS .—The aggregate amount of construc-tion, repair, and renovation projects carried out under this section in any fiscal year may not ex-ceed $30,000,000. ‘‘(n) A
PPROVAL AND NOTICE BEFORE CERTAIN  C
ONSTRUCTION , R EPAIR , AND RENOVATION  P
ROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL .—A construction, repair, or renovation project costing more than $1,000,000 may not be carried out under this section unless approved in advance by the Commander of the United States Central Command. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—When a decision is made to carry out a construction, repair, or renovation project to which paragraph (1) applies, the Com-mander of the United States Central Command shall notify in writing the appropriate commit-tees of Congress of that decision, including the justification for the project and the estimated cost of the project. The project may be carried out only after the end of the 21-day period be-ginning on the date the notification is received by the committees or, if earlier, the end of the 14-day period beginning on the date on which a copy of the notification is provided in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code.’’. (3) ELEMENT IN QUARTERLY REPORTS ON CON -
STRUCTION , REPAIR , AND RENOVATION .—Para- graph (8) of subsection (d) of such section 1236 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(8) A list of new projects for construction, re-pair, or renovation commenced during the pe-riod covered by such progress report, and a list of projects for construction, repair, or renova-tion continuing from the period covered by the preceding progress report.’’. (b) F
UNDING .—Subsection (g) of such section 1236, as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘in the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 for Overseas Contingency Operations in title XV for fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2018’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$630,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,269,000,000’’. (c) N
AME OF ISLAMIC STATE OR IRAQ AND  S
YRIA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section 1236 is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Levant’’ and inserting ‘‘Syria’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘ISIL’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘ISIS’’; and (B) in subsection (l)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘the Le-vant (ISIL)’’ and inserting ‘‘Syria (ISIS)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘ISIL’’ and inserting ‘‘ISIS’’. (2) H
EADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section 1236 is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1236. AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA.’’. SEC. 1232. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO THE VET-TED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) N ATURE OF ASSISTANCE .—Subsection (a) of section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3541), as amended by section 1221(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘construc-tion of training and associated facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘construction and repair of training and associated facilities or other facilities nec-essary to meet urgent military operational re-quirements of a temporary nature with a cost less than $4,000,000’’. (b) S
COPE OF ELEMENT ON CONSTRUCTION  P
ROJECTS IN QUARTERLY PROGRESS REPORTS .— Subsection (d)(9) of such section 1209 is amend-ed by inserting before the semicolon the fol-lowing: ‘‘, including new construction or repair commenced during the period covered by such progress report and construction and repair con-tinuing from the period covered by the preceding progress report’’. (c) N
OTICE ON NEWINITIATIVES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (f) of such section 1209, as most recently amended by section 1221(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, is further amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS BEFORE INITIATION  
OFNEWINITIATIVES .—Not later than 30 days be-fore initiating a new initiative under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notice setting forth the following: ‘‘(1) The initiative to be carried out, including a detailed description of the assistance provided. ‘‘(2) The budget, implementation timeline and anticipated delivery schedule for the assistance to which the initiative relates, the military de-partment responsible for management and the associated program executive office, and the completion date for the initiative. ‘‘(3) The amount, source, and planned ex-penditure of funds to carry out the initiative. ‘‘(4) Any financial or other support for the initiation provided by foreign governments. ‘‘(5) Any other information with respect to the initiative that the Secretary considers appro-priate.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to new initiatives initiated under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 on or after the date that is 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE COST OF CON-
STRUCTION AND REPAIR PROJECTS .—Such section 1209 is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON AGGREGATE COST OF CON-
STRUCTION AND REPAIR PROJECTS .—The aggre-gate amount of construction and repair projects carried out under this section in any fiscal year may not exceed $10,000,000.’’. (e) A
PPROVAL AND NOTICE BEFORE CERTAIN  C
ONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR PROJECTS .—Such section 1209 is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) A
PPROVAL AND NOTICE BEFORE CERTAIN  C
ONSTRUCTION AND REPAIR PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) A
PPROVAL .—A construction or repair project costing more than $1,000,000 may not be carried out under this section unless approved in advance by the Commander of the United States Central Command. ‘‘(2) N
OTICE .—When a decision is made to carry out a construction or repair project to which paragraph (1) applies, the Commander of the United States Central Command shall notify in writing the appropriate committees of Con-gress of that decision, including the justification for the project and the estimated cost of the project. The project may be carried out only after the end of the 21-day period beginning on the date the notification is received by the com-mittees or, if earlier, the end of the 14-day pe-riod beginning on the date on which a copy of the notification is provided in an electronic me-dium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPER-ATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OF-FICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. (b) A
MOUNT AVAILABLE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 may not exceed $70,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $42,000,000’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. (2) L
IMITATION OF USE OF FY18 FUNDS PENDING  
PLAN.—Of the amount available for fiscal year 2018 for section 1215 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this section, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until 30 days after the date on which the plan required by the joint ex-planatory statement to accompany the con-ference report on S.2943 of the 114th Congress, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017, and entitled ‘‘to transition the ac-tivities conducted by OSC-I but funded by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5963 September 25, 2017 
Department of Defense to another entity or transition the funding of such activities to an-other source’’ is provided to the appropriate committees of Congress. (c) C
LARIFICATION OF OSC–I M ANDATE AND  E
XPANSION OF ELIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—Sub- section (f) of such section is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘training ac-tivities in support of Iraqi Ministry of Defense and Counter Terrorism Service personnel’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘activities to sup-port the following: ‘‘(A) Defense institution building to mitigate capability gaps and promote effective and sus-tainable defense institutions. ‘‘(B) Professionalization, strategic planning and reform, financial management, manpower management, and logistics management of mili-tary and other security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq, including Kurdish and tribal security forces or other local security forces with a national security mission, at a base or facility of the Government of Iraq.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
OF TRAIN -
ING’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘training’’ and inserting ‘‘ac-tivities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq’’. 
SEC. 1234. MODIFICATION AND ADDITIONAL ELE-MENTS IN ANNUAL REPORT ON THE MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1245(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and from’’ after ‘‘transfers to’’; (B) by striking ‘‘from non-Iranian sources’’ and inserting ‘‘from or to non-Iranian sources or destinations’’; and (C) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including transfers that per-tain to nuclear development, ballistic missiles, and chemical, biological, and advanced conven-tional weapons, weapon systems, and delivery vehicles’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) An assessment of the use of civilian transportation infrastructure and assets, includ-ing seaports, airports, and commercial vessels and aircraft, used to transport illicit military cargo to or from Iran, including military per-sonnel, military goods, and related components. ‘‘(7) An assessment of military-to-military co-operation between Iran and foreign counties, in-cluding Cuba, North Korea, Pakistan, Sudan, Syria, Venezuela, and any other country des-ignated by the Secretary of Defense with addi-tional reference to cooperation and collabora-tion on the development of nuclear, biological, chemical, and advanced conventional weapons, weapon systems, and delivery vehicles.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to reports required to be submitted under section 1245 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2010 after that date. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1241. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILI-TARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1232 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or 2018’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘in the fiscal year con-cerned’’ after ‘‘may be used’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘with re-spect to funds for a fiscal year’’ after ‘‘the limi-tation in subsection (a)’’. SEC. 1242. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON AVAIL-ABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO AC-TIVITIES TO RECOGNIZE THE SOV-EREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERA-TION OVER CRIMEA. 
Section 1234 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘or 2018’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year’’ after ‘‘expenditure of funds’’. 
SEC. 1243. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2494), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) F
UNDING FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018.—Sub- section (f) of such section 1250, as added by sub-section (a) of such section 1237, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) For fiscal year 2018, $500,000,000.’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Subsection (c) of such section 1250, as amended by subsection (c) of such section 1237, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘pur-suant to subsection (f)(2)’’ the following: ‘‘, or more than $250,000,000 of the funds available for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3),’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘with re-spect to the fiscal year concerned’’ after ‘‘is a certification’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or 2018’’ after ‘‘in fiscal year 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in paragraph (2), such funds may be used in that fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘in paragraph (2) with respect to such fiscal year, such funds may be used in such fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 1244. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY ON TRAIN-ING FOR EASTERN EUROPEAN NA-TIONAL SECURITY FORCES IN THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EXER-CISES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2282 note) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 through calendar year 2020’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘military’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘security’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘that’’ and inserting ‘‘than’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘section 2282’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 16’’. 
SEC. 1245. SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR BALTIC NATIONS FOR JOINT PROGRAM FOR RESILIENCY AND DETERRENCE AGAINST AGGRESSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, conduct or support a joint program of the Baltic nations to improve their resilience against and build their capacity to deter aggression by the Russian Federation. (b) J
OINT PROGRAM .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a joint program of the Baltic nations may be either of the following: (1) A program jointly agreed by the Baltic na-tions that builds interoperability among those countries. (2) An agreement for the joint procurement by the Baltic nations of defense articles or services using assistance provided pursuant to sub-section (a). (c) PARTICIPATION OF OTHER COUNTRIES .— Any country other than a Baltic nation may participate in the joint program described in subsection (a), but only using funds of such country. (d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The total amount of assistance provided pursuant to sub-section (a) in fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $100,000,000. (e) F
UNDING .—Amounts for assistance pro-vided pursuant to subsection (a) shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act and available for the European Deter-rence Initiative (EDI). (f) B
ALTIC NATIONS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Baltic nations’’ means the following: (1) Estonia. (2) Latvia. (3) Lithuania. 
SEC. 1246. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLV-ING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566), as most recently amend-ed by section 1235(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2490), is further amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (20) as paragraphs (15) through (21), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing new paragraph (14): ‘‘(14) An assessment of Russia’s hybrid war-fare strategy and capabilities, including— ‘‘(A) Russia’s information warfare strategy and capabilities, including the use of misin-formation, disinformation, and propaganda in social and traditional media; ‘‘(B) Russia’s financing of political parties, think tanks, media organizations, and academic institutions; ‘‘(C) Russia’s malicious cyber activities; ‘‘(D) Russia’s use of coercive economic tools, including sanctions, market access, and dif-ferential pricing, especially in energy exports; and ‘‘(E) Russia’s use of criminal networks and corruption to achieve political objectives.’’. 
SEC. 1247. ANNUAL REPORT ON ATTEMPTS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO PRO-VIDE DISINFORMATION AND PROPA-GANDA TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES BY SOCIAL MEDIA. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31 each year, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on attempts by the Russian Federation, or any foreign person acting as an agent of or on behalf of the Russian Federation, during the preceding year to knowingly dissemi-nate Russian Federation-supported disinformation or propaganda, through social media applications or related Internet-based means, to members of the Armed Forces with probable intent to cause injury to the United States or advantage the Government of the Rus-sian Federation. (b) F
ORM.—Each report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1248. SUPPORT OF EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE TO DETER RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Military exercises, such as Exercise Nifty Nugget and Exercise Reforger during the Cold War, have historically made important contribu-tions to testing operational concepts, tech-nologies, and leadership approaches; identifying limiting factors in the execution of operational plans and appropriate corrective action; and bolstering deterrence against adversaries by demonstrating United States military capabili-ties. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5964 September 25, 2017 
(2) Military exercises with North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies enhance the interoperability and strategic credibility of the alliance. (3) The increase in conventional, nuclear, and hybrid threats by the Russian Federation against the security interests of the United States and allies in Europe requires substantial and sustained investment to improve United States combat capability in Europe. (4) The decline of a permanent United States military presence in Europe in recent years in-creases the likelihood the United States will rely on being able to flow forces from the continental United States to the European theater in the event of a major contingency. (5) Senior military leaders, including the Com-mander of United States Transportation Com-mand, have warned that a variety of increas-ingly advanced capabilities, especially the pro-liferation of anti-access, area denial (A2/AD) ca-pabilities, have given adversaries of the United States the ability to challenge the freedom of movement of the United States military in all domains from force deployment to employment to disrupt, delay, or deny operations. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, to enhance the European Deter-rence Initiative and bolster deterrence against Russian aggression, the United States, together with North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies and other European partners, should dem-onstrate its resolve and ability to meet its com-mitments under Article V of the North Atlantic Treaty through appropriate military exercises with an emphasis on participation of United States forces based in the continental United States and testing strategic and operational lo-gistics and transportation capabilities. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) An analysis of the challenges to the abil-ity of the United States to flow significant forces from the continental United States to the Euro-pean theater in the event of a major contin-gency. (B) The plans of the Department of Defense, including the conduct of military exercises, to address such challenges. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1249. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE EURO-PEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the European Deterrence Initiative will bolster efforts to deter further Russian aggres-sion by providing resources to— (A) train and equip the military forces of North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and non-North Atlantic Treaty Organization partners in order to improve responsiveness, ex-pand expeditionary capability, and strengthen combat effectiveness across the spectrum of se-curity environments; (B) enhance the indications and warning, interoperability, and logistics capabilities of Al-lied and partner military forces to increase their ability to respond to external aggression, defend sovereignty and territorial integrity, and pre-serve regional stability; (C) improve the agility and flexibility of mili-tary forces required to address threats across the full spectrum of domains and effectively operate in a wide array of coalition operations across diverse global environments from North Africa and the Middle East to Eastern Europe and the Arctic; and (D) mitigate potential gaps forming in the areas of information warfare, Anti-Access Area Denial, and force projection; (2) investments that support the security and stability of Europe, and that assist European nations in further developing their security ca-pabilities, are in the long-term vital national se-curity interests of the United States; and (3) funds for such efforts should be authorized and appropriated in the base budget of the De-partment of Defense in order to ensure contin-ued and planned funding to address long-term stability in Europe, reassure the European allies and partners of the United States, and deter further Russian aggression. SEC. 1250. ENHANCEMENT OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250(b) of National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 126 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2495), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) Treatment of wounded Ukraine soldiers in the United States in medical treatment facili-ties through the Secretarial Designee Program, and transportation, lodging, meals, and other appropriate non-medical support in connection with such treatment (including incidental ex-penses in connection with such support).’’. 
SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE IMPOR-TANCE OF THE NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION INTEL-LIGENCE FUSION CENTER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Intelligence Fusion Center provides a crucial contribution to the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization alliance and the national secu-rity of the United States. (2) The fast-paced evolution of the security situation throughout Europe and its periphery, as well as a marked increase in conventional, nuclear, and hybrid threats from the Russian Federation, require optimized efforts to track and attribute critical threats to the security and stability of Europe and United States national security interests. (3) The ability of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Intelligence Fusion Center to le-verage strategic intelligence partnerships with the United States and other allies facilitates daily and direct collaboration that provides operational advantages and efficiencies needed to ensure the rapid and proper response by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization to Russian aggression in the conventional, nuclear, and hybrid domains. (4) The collocation of the North Atlantic Trea-ty Organization Intelligence Fusion Center with the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex of the United States European Command facilitates the sharing and fusion of intelligence, contrib-utes to filling intelligence gaps within both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the United States European Command, and sup-ports a common intelligence picture for the North Atlantic Council, which is essential to es-tablishing political consensus on evaluating, analyzing, and attributing existing and emerg-ing threats. (5) The North Atlantic Treaty Organization Intelligence Fusion Center and its collocation with the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex contribute significantly to providing the North Atlantic Treaty Organization alliance and the United States European Command timely and effective indications and warnings of threats emanating from within and around Europe. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the collocation of the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Intelligence Fusion Center with the Joint Intelligence Analysis Com-plex of the United States European Command provides the optimal solution to intelligence and operational requirements, while fostering crit-ical diplomatic relationships, and is the most ef-ficient configuration of the intelligence enter-prise. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Asia- Pacific Region 
SEC. 1261. ASIA-PACIFIC STABILITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program of activities described in subsection (b) for the purpose of enhancing stability in the Asia-Pacific region. The program of activities shall be known as the ‘‘Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative’’. (b) ACTIVITIES .—The activities described in this subsection are the following: (1) Activities to increase the presence and en-hance the posture of the United States Armed Forces in the Asia-Pacific region. (2) Bilateral and multilateral military training and exercises with allies and partner nations in the Asia-Pacific region. (3) Activities to improve military and defense infrastructure in the Asia-Pacific region in order to enhance the responsiveness and capa-bilities of the United States Armed Forces in that region. (4) Activities to enhance the storage and pre- positioning in the Asia-Pacific region of equip-ment of the United States Armed Forces. (5) Activities to build the defense and security capacity of the United States Armed Forces in the Asia-Pacific region and, using the authori-ties specified in subsection (c), the defense and security capacity of allies and partner nations in that region. (c) A
CTIVITIES TOBUILD DEFENSE AND SECU-
RITY CAPACITY OF ALLIES AND PARTNER NA-
TIONS .—The activities to build the defense and security capacity of allies and partner nations in the Asia-Pacific region described in sub-section (b)(5) may include activities under the authorities of the Department of Defense as fol-lows: (1) Section 2282 of title 10, United States Code, or section 333 of such title (its successor section), relating to authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. (2) Section 332 of title 10, United States Code, relating to defense institution capacity building for friendly foreign countries and international and regional organizations. (3) Section 1263 of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2282 note), relating to the Southeast Asia Mari-time Security Initiative. (4) Section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 2282 note), relating to training of security forces and associated ministries of foreign countries to pro-mote respect for the rule of law and human rights. (5) Any other authority available to the Sec-retary of Defense for the purpose of building the defense and security capacity of allies and part-ner nations in the Asia-Pacific region. (d) T
RANSFER REQUIREMENTS .— (1) U
SE OF FUNDS ONLY PURSUANT TO TRANS -
FER.—Funds available for the Asia-Pacific Sta-bility Initiative may be used for activities de-scribed in subsections (b) and (c) only pursuant to a transfer of such funds to or among either or both of the following accounts of the Depart-ment of Defense: (A) Military personnel accounts. (B) Operation and maintenance accounts. (2) E
FFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—The transfer of an amount available for the Asia-Pa-cific Stability Initiative to an account under the authority provided by paragraph (1) in a fiscal year shall be deemed to increase the amount au-thorized for such account for such fiscal year by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH OTHER TRANSFER AU -
THORITY .—The transfer authority provided by paragraph (1) is in addition to any other trans-fer authority available to the Department of De-fense by law. (e) N
OTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 15 days before that date on which a trans-fer of funds under subsection (d) takes effect, the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives in writing of the transfer. Each notice of a transfer of funds shall include the following: (1) A detailed description of the project or ac-tivity to be supported by the transfer of funds, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5965 September 25, 2017 
including any request of the Commander of the United States Pacific Command for support, ur-gent operational need, or emergent operational need to be satisfied by the project or activity. (2) The amount to be transferred and ex-pended on the project or activity. (3) A timeline for expenditure of the trans-ferred funds. (f) F
UNDING .—Amounts for the Asia- Pacific Stability Initiative shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense for op-eration and maintenance by section 301 and available for the Asia-Pacific Stability Initiative as specified in the funding table in section 4301. (g) D
URATION OF TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—The authority in subsection (d) to transfer funds ex-pires September 30, 2019. (h) A
SIA-PACIFIC REGION DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Asia-Pacific region’’ means the region that falls under the responsibility and jurisdiction of United States Pacific Com-mand. 
SEC. 1262. EXPANSION OF MILITARY-TO-MILITARY ENGAGEMENT WITH THE GOVERN-MENT OF BURMA. 
Section 1253(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3571; 22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) Courses or workshops to improve the Bur-mese military’s— ‘‘(A) understanding of regional and global se-curity issues; and ‘‘(B) ability to adhere to international train-ing standards. ‘‘(7) Consultation, education, and training on maritime domain awareness. ‘‘(8) Consultation, education, and training on peacekeeping operations. ‘‘(9) Courses or workshops on combating ille-gal trafficking and migration.’’. 
SEC. 1263. AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENTAL TO COM-PACT OF FREE ASSOCIATION WITH PALAU. 
(a) A PPROVAL OF AGREEMENT SUPPLEMENTAL  
TOCOMPACT .—The Compact Review Agreement and appendices signed by the United States and the Republic of Palau on September 3, 2010, in connection with section 432 of the Compact of Free Association with Palau (Public Law 99– 658; 48 U.S.C. 1931 note), with the funding schedule therein to be modified by the parties to the Agreement as necessary and appropriate, are approved (hereinafter the ‘‘Agreement’’). (b) S
TATUS OF PRIOR YEAR PAYMENTS .— Amounts provided to the Government of Palau by the Government of the United States in fiscal years 2011 through 2017 shall also be considered as funding to implement the Agreement. (c) E
XTENSION OF EFFECTIVE DATE.—Section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Compact of Free Associa-tion Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) is amended by striking ‘‘2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 1264. WORKFORCE ISSUES FOR RELOCATION OF MARINES TO GUAM. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO THE MILITARY CONSTRUC -
TION AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2009.—Subsection 2824(c)(6)(D) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (division B of Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs’’ after ‘‘the Secretary of Labor’’ each place it appears; and (2) in the last sentence, by striking ‘‘deter-mines’’ and inserting ‘‘determine’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO JOINT RESOLUTION AP-
PROVING THE COVENANT ESTABLISHING COMMON -
WEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS .— Section 6(b) of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union With the United States of America’, and for other pur-poses’’, approved March 24, 1976 (48 U.S.C. 1806(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) NUMERICAL LIMITATIONS FOR NON-
IMMIGRANT WORKERS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien, if otherwise qualified, may, before December 31, 2023, seek admission to Guam as a nonimmigrant worker under section 101(a)(15)(H) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)) without counting against the numerical limita-tions set forth in section 214(g) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)). The numerical limitation of such aliens may not exceed 4,000 for any fiscal year. An alien, if otherwise qualified, may, be-fore December 31, 2023, be admitted under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of such Act for a period of up to 3 years to perform services or labor on Guam pursuant to any agreement entered into by a prime contractor or subcontractor calling for services or labor required for performance of the contract or subcontract in direct support of all military-funded construction, repairs, ren-ovation, and facilities services necessary to en-able the Marine Corps realignment in the Pa-cific, notwithstanding the requirement of such section that the service or labor be temporary. This subsection does not apply to any employ-ment to be performed outside of Guam or the Commonwealth. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—The requirements of section 2824(c) of the Military Construction Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (division B of Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. note) shall apply to this subsection.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1265. UNITED STATES POLICY WITH RE-SPECT TO FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION OPERATIONS AND OVERFLIGHT BE-YOND THE TERRITORIAL SEAS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since the Declaration of Independence in 1776, which was inspired in part as a response to a ‘‘tyrant’’ who ‘‘plundered our seas, ravaged our Coasts’’ and who wrote laws ‘‘for cutting off our Trade with all parts of the world’’, free-dom of seas and promotion of international com-merce have been core security interests of the United States. (2) Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States establishes enumerated powers for Congress, which include regulating com-merce with foreign nations, punishing piracies and felonies committed on the high seas and of-fenses against the law of nations, and providing and maintaining a Navy. (3) For centuries, the United States has main-tained a commitment to ensuring the right to freedom of navigation for all law-abiding parties in every region of the world. (4) In support of international law, the long-standing United States commitment to freedom of navigation and ensuring the free access to sea lanes to promote global commerce remains a core security interest of the United States. (5) This is particularly true in areas of the world that are critical transportation corridors and key routes for global commerce, such as the South China Sea and the East China Sea, through which a significant portion of global commerce transits. (6) The consistent exercise of freedom of navi-gation operations and overflights by United States naval and air forces throughout the world plays a critical role in safeguarding the freedom of the seas for all lawful nations, sup-porting international law, and ensuring the continued safe passage and promotion of global commerce and trade. (b) D
ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to fly, sail, and operate throughout the oceans, seas, and airspace of the world wherever international law allows. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION OF POLICY .—In further-ance of the policy set forth in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) plan and execute a robust series of routine and regular naval presence missions and free-dom of navigation operations (FONOPs) throughout the world, including for critical transportation corridors and key routes for glob-al commerce; (2) execute, in such critical transportation corridors, routine and regular naval presence missions and maritime freedom of navigation op-erations throughout the year; (3) in addition to the operations executed pur-suant to paragraph (2), execute routine and reg-ular maritime freedom of navigation operations throughout the year, in accordance with inter-national law, including the use of expanded military options and maneuvers beyond inno-cent passage; and (4) to the maximum extent practicable, execute freedom of navigation operations pursuant to this subsection with regional partner countries and allies of the United States. SEC. 1266. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE IMPOR-TANCE OF THE RULE OF LAW IN THE SOUTH CHINA SEA. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the South China Sea is a vitally important waterway for global commerce and for regional security, with almost 30 percent of the maritime trade of the world transiting the South China Sea annually; (2) the People’s Republic of China is under-mining regional security and prosperity and challenging international rules and norms by engaging in coercive activities and attempting to limit lawful foreign operations in the South China Sea; (3) a tribunal determined ‘‘that China had violated the Philippines’ sovereign rights in its exclusive economic zone by (a) interfering with Philippine fishing and petroleum exploration, (b) constructing artificial islands and (c) failing to prevent Chinese fishermen from fishing in the zone,’’ and that ‘‘Chinese law enforcement ves-sels had unlawfully created a serious risk of col-lision when they physically obstructed Phil-ippine vessels’’; (4) the arbitral tribunal award of July 2016 stated that there is ‘‘no legal basis for China to claim historic rights to resources within the sea areas falling within the nine-dash line’’; and (5) the United States should play a vital role in securing the South China Sea and ensuring freedom of navigation and overflight for all countries by undertaking freedom of navigation operations on a regular and consistent basis, as well as maintaining persistent presence oper-ations in the region. 
SEC. 1267. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE IMPOR-TANCE OF THE RELATIONSHIP BE-TWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND JAPAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States and Japan are indispen-sable partners in tackling global challenges, and have pledged significant support for efforts to counter violent extremism (including the threat of the Islamic State), combat the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, prevent piracy, and assist the victims of conflict and disaster worldwide; (2) the security alliance between the United States and Japan has evolved considerably over many decades and will continue to transform as a partnership, sharing greater responsibilities, dedicated to ensuring a secure and prosperous Asia-Pacific region and world; (3) the alliance between the United States and Japan is essential for ensuring maritime security and freedom of navigation, commerce, and over-flight in the waters of the East China Sea; (4) Japan, a cornerstone of peace in the Asia- Pacific region, stands as a strong partner of the United States in efforts to uphold respect for the rule of law and to oppose the use of coercion, intimidation, or force to change the regional or global status quo, including in the East China Sea and the South China Sea, which are among the busiest waterways in the world; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5966 September 25, 2017 
(5) the United States and Japan are committed to working together towards a world in which the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) does not threaten global peace and se-curity with its weapons of mass destruction and illicit activities, and in which it respects human rights and its people can live in freedom; (6) the alliance between the United States and Japan should be strengthened to maintain peace and stability in the Asia-Pacific region and be-yond, to confront emerging challenges, and to safeguard maritime security and ensure freedom of navigation, commerce, and overflight in the East China Sea and the South China Sea; (7) although the United States Government does not take a position on sovereignty of the Senkaku Islands, the United States acknowl-edges that the islands are under the administra-tion of Japan and opposes any unilateral ac-tions that would seek to undermine their admin-istration by Japan; and (8) the unilateral actions of a third party will not affect the United States acknowledgment of the administration of Japan over the Senkaku Islands, and the United States remains com-mitted under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security with Japan to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the admin-istration of Japan. 
SEC. 1268. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE IMPOR-TANCE OF THE UNITED STATES ALLI-ANCE WITH THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Government of North Korea has re-peatedly violated its commitments to the com-plete, verifiable, and irreversible dismantlement of its nuclear weapons programs. (2) Based on its past actions, including the transfer of sensitive nuclear and missile tech-nology to state sponsors of terrorism, North Korea poses a grave risk for the proliferation of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass de-struction. (3) North Korea has— (A) unilaterally withdrawn from the Korean War Armistice Agreement, done at Panmunjom, Korea, July 27, 1953; and (B) committed provocations against South Korea— (i) by sinking the warship Cheonan and kill-ing 46 of her crew on March 26, 2010; (ii) by shelling Yeonpyeong Island and killing 4 South Korea civilians on November 23, 2010; and (iii) by its involvement in the ‘‘DarkSeoul’’ cyberattacks against the financial and commu-nications interests of the Republic of Korea on March 20, 2013. (4) North Korea maintains a system of brutal political prison camps that contain as many as 200,000 men, women, and children, who are— (A) kept in atrocious living conditions with insufficient food, clothing, and medical care; and (B) under constant fear of rape, torture, or ar-bitrary execution. (5) The Government of North Korea has pro-vided technical support and conducted destruc-tive and coercive cyberattacks including against Sony Pictures Entertainment and other United States persons. (6) The conduct of the Government of North Korea poses an imminent threat to— (A) the security of the United States and its allies; (B) the global economy; (C) the safety of members of the United States Armed Forces; (D) the integrity of the global financial sys-tem; (E) the integrity of global nonproliferation programs; and (F) the people of North Korea. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in order to achieve the peaceful disarmament of North Korea, the United States should— (1) reaffirm the commitment of the United States to defending our allies in the region, in-cluding through the deployment of a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) battery to the Republic of Korea, and the commitment to provide extended deterrence, guaranteed by the full spectrum of United States defense capabili-ties, including conventional capabilities, missile defense, and the nuclear umbrella; (2) support ongoing efforts to strengthen the alliance between the United States and the Re-public of Korea alliance, to protect the 28,500 members of the United States Armed Forces sta-tioned on the Korean Peninsula, and to defend the alliance against any and all provocations committed by the North Korea regime; and (3) support efforts to deepen trilateral coordi-nation and cooperation between the United States, the Republic of Korea, and Japan, to ad-dress the grave and growing threat of the bal-listic missiles and nuclear weapons programs of North Korea. SEC. 1269. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EXTENDED DETERRENCE FOR THE KOREAN PE-NINSULA AND JAPAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the nuclear and missile program of North Korea is one of the most dangerous national se-curity threats facing the United States today; and (2) given the threat posed by North Korea to our allies, the Republic of Korea and Japan, the Nuclear Posture Review that will occur this year should fully consider the perspectives of key al-lies and partners of the United States in East Asia, including the Republic of Korea and Japan. 
SEC. 1270. DEFENSE PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States should strengthen and enhance its long-standing partnership and strategic cooperation with Taiwan, and rein-force its commitment to the Taiwan Relations Act and the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ as both countries work toward mutual security objectives, by— (1) conducting regular transfers of defense ar-ticles and defense services necessary to enable Taiwan to secure common interests and objec-tives with the United States, based solely on the needs of Taiwan; (2) assisting Taiwan in building an effective air defense capability consisting of a balance of fighters and mobile air defense systems; and (3) inviting Taiwan to participate in multilat-eral training activities hosted by the United States that increase the credible deterrent capa-bilities of Taiwan. (b) R
EPORT ON NAVAL PORT OF CALL EX-
CHANGES BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAI-
WAN.— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Sep-tember 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Con-gress a report on the following: (A) An assessment and planning regarding ports of call by the United States Navy at Kaohsiung, or any other suitable port or ports on the island of Taiwan. (B) An assessment of the feasibility and advis-ability of permitting the United States Pacific Command (PACOM) to receive ports of call by the navy of Taiwan in Hawaii, Guam, and other appropriate locations. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (3) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1270A. NAVAL PORT OF CALL EXCHANGES BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) reestablish regular ports of call by the United States Navy at Kaohsiung or any other suitable port or ports on the island of Taiwan; and (2) permit the United States Pacific Command (PACOM) to receive ports of call by the navy of Taiwan in Hawaii, Guam, and other appro-priate locations. SEC. 1270B. PROGRAM TO ENHANCE THE UNDER-SEA WARFARE CAPABILITIES OF TAI-WAN. 
The Secretary of Defense shall implement a program of technical assistance and consulta-tion to support the efforts of Taiwan to develop indigenous undersea warfare capabilities, in-cluding vehicles and sea mines, for its military forces. 
SEC. 1270C. INVITATION OF TAIWAN MILITARY FORCES TO PARTICIPATE IN JOINT MILITARY EXERCISES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall invite the mili-tary forces of Taiwan to participate in one of the military exercises known as the ‘‘Red Flag’’ exercises, conducted at Eielson Air Force Base, Alaska, and Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, that are conducted during the one-year period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1270D. REPORT ON MILITARY EXCHANGES BETWEEN SENIOR OFFICERS AND OFFICIALS OF THE UNITED STATES AND TAIWAN. 
Not later than April 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report that includes the fol-lowing: (1) A list of actions taken to implement the recommendations contained in section 1284 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2544). (2) A description of future plans to implement the recommendations contained in section 1284 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (3) If no actions have been taken to implement the recommendations contained in section 1284 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 or there are no future plans to implement the recommendations, the reasons why. Subtitle F—Reports 
SEC. 1271. SUBMITTAL OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE SUPPLEMENTAL AND COST OF WAR EXECUTION REPORTS ON QUARTERLY BASIS. 
Subsection (c) of section 1212 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(c) Q
UARTERLY SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS AND  GAO 
OFCERTAIN REPORTS ON COSTS.—Not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Comptroller General of the United States the Department of Defense Supplemental and Cost of War Execution report for such fiscal year quarter.’’. 
SEC. 1272. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTS ON UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES, CI-VILIAN EMPLOYEES, AND CONTRAC-TORS DEPLOYED IN SUPPORT OF OP-ERATION INHERENT RESOLVE AND OPERATION FREEDOM’S SENTINEL. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report on United States Armed Forces, Department of Defense civilian employees, and Department of Defense con-tractor employees deployed in support of Oper-ation Inherent Resolve and Operation Free-dom’s Sentinel. (b) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The total number of members of the United States Armed Forces, set forth by Armed Force 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5967 September 25, 2017 
and component (whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve), Department of Defense civil-ian employees, and Department of Defense con-tractor employees deployed in support of Oper-ation Inherent Resolve and Operation Free-dom’s Sentinel for the most recent month for which data is available. (2) An estimate for the 3-month period fol-lowing the date on which the report is submitted of the total number of members of the United States Armed Forces, set forth by Armed Force and component (whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve), Department civilian employ-ees, and Department contractor employees to be deployed in support of Operation Inherent Re-solve and Operation Freedom’s Sentinel. (3) A description of any limitations on the number of United States Armed Forces, Depart-ment civilian employees, and Department con-tractor employees deployed in support of Oper-ation Inherent Resolve and Operation Free-dom’s Sentinel. (4) A description of military functions that are and are not subject to the limitations described in paragraph (3). (5) The total number of members of the United States Armed Forces, set forth by Armed Force and component (whether regular, National Guard, or Reserve), Department civilian employ-ees, and Department contractor employees de-ployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve or Operation Freedom’s Sentinel that are not subject to the limitations described in paragraph (3) for the most recent month for which data is available. (6) Any changes to the limitations described in paragraph (3), and the rationale for such changes. (7) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) F
ORM.—If any report under subsection (a) is submitted in classified form, such report shall be accompanied by an unclassified summary that includes, at a minimum, the information re-quired by subsection (b)(1). (d) S
UNSET .—The requirement to submit re-ports under this section shall terminate on the earlier of— (1) the date on which Operation Inherent Re-solve and Operation Freedom’s Sentinel termi-nate, whichever is later; or (2) the date that is five years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) R
EPEAL OF SUPERSEDED PROVISION .—Sec- tion 1224 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1053) is repealed. Subtitle G—Other Matters 
SEC. 1281. MODIFICATION OF AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS IN SPECIAL DEFENSE ACQUI-SITION FUND FOR PRECISION GUID-ED MUNITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 114(c)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘amount available’’ and all that follows through ‘‘$500,000,000’’ and insert-ing ‘‘amount of obligation authority available from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund in any fiscal year after fiscal year 2017, 20 per-cent’’; and (2) by inserting after ‘‘precision guided muni-tions’’ the following: ‘‘, and associated support equipment and services,’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
SEC. 1282. USE OF FUNDS IN THE UNITED STATES FOR CERTAIN UNITED STATES- ISRAEL ANTI-TUNNEL COOPERATION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1279(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 8606(b)) is amended by add-ing at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) U
SE OF CERTAIN AMOUNT FOR RDT&E IN  
US.—Of the amount provided by the United States in support under paragraph (1), not less than 50 percent of such amount shall be used for research, development, test, and evaluation ac-tivities in the United States in connection with such support.’’. (b) REPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LIMITATION .—Sec- tion 1295 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2562) is amended by striking subsection (c). 
SEC. 1283. FOREIGN MILITARY SALES LETTERS OF REQUEST FOR PRICING AND AVAIL-ABILITY. 
Before delivering a formal pricing and avail-ability response to a foreign customer with re-spect to a foreign military sale, the Department of Defense implementing agency shall consult with relevant United States commercial entities that would be involved in the foreign military sale case. If as a result of such consultation a commercial entity determines that the pricing and availability factors being developed by the implementing agency are not accurate, the im-plementing agency and the commercial entity shall each provide a justification with respect to the differences to the Defense Security Coopera-tion Agency within 30 days of the implementing agency being notified of such discrepancy. 
SEC. 1284. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON REAFFIRM-ING STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS AND ALLIES. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Since World War II, the United States has sought partnership and cooperation in estab-lishing a rules-based international order which has resulted in one of the most prosperous peri-ods of human history. (2) The United States is signatory to seven mutual defense treaties with 56 different coun-tries. (3) One of the United States defense alliances is the 29-nation-strong North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) which is celebrating its 68th anniversary. (4) The United States has not faced a more di-verse and complex array of crises and threats, including the emergence of competitors like Rus-sia and China, increasingly unstable threats from North Korea and Iran, and the continued threat from transnational violent extremist groups like the Islamic State and al–Qaeda. (5) The strain of a decreased military budget has decreased capability at precisely the time when demand for United States military strength has increased. (6) Fifteen years of continuous war has sty-mied military modernization, focused training on asymmetrical warfare over large-scale con-flicts. (7) Secretary of Defense James Mattis stated that ‘‘alliances provide avenues for peace, fos-tering the conditions for economic growth with countries that share the same vision, while tem-pering the plans of those who would attack other nations or try to impose their will over the less powerful’’. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States is an ally rich nation and our potential competitors—such as Russia, China, and North Korea—are ally poor; (2) United States allies and partners are crit-ical to defending peace and prosperity through-out the world; (3) the rules-based international order sup-ported by the United States and its allies has ensured—and will continue to promote—an international system that benefits all nations; (4) throughout the world, the United States will continue to foster relationships with na-tions of like minds and beliefs; (5) as the United States manages multiple strategic challenges, our enduring strength re-mains in alliances such as the North Atlantic Treaty Organization; and (6) the United States will continue to deepen alliances and expand them, and will take no ally for granted. SEC. 1285. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDER-ATION OF IMPACT OF MARINE DE-BRIS IN TRADE AGREEMENTS. 
Recognizing that the Senate unanimously agreed to S. 756, an Act to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote inter-national action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Save Our Seas Act of 2017’’) on August 3, 2017, Congress encourages the United States Trade Representative to consider the impact of marine debris, particularly plastic waste, in relevant trade agreements entered into or negotiated after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION 
SEC. 1301. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2018 C OOPERATIVE THREAT  R
EDUCTION FUNDS DEFINED .—In this title, the term ‘‘fiscal year 2018 Cooperative Threat Re-duction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the fund-ing table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). (b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Funds appro-priated pursuant to the authorization of appro-priations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fis-cal years 2018, 2019, and 2020. 
SEC. 1302. FUNDING ALLOCATIONS. 
Of the $324,600,000 authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Depart-ment of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Re-duction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes spec-ified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, $12,100,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $5,000,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $17,900,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $172,800,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $89,800,000. (6) For activities designated as Other Assess-ments/Administrative Costs, $27,000,000. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs 
SEC. 1401. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1402. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION, DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4501. (b) U
SE.—Amounts authorized to be appro-priated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare mate-riel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5968 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
SEC. 1405. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Depart-ment of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. Subtitle B—National Defense Stockpile 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORITY TO DISPOSE OF CERTAIN MATERIALS FROM AND TO ACQUIRE ADDITIONAL MATERIALS FOR THE NATIONAL DEFENSE STOCKPILE. 
(a) D ISPOSAL AUTHORITY .—Pursuant to sec-tion 5(b) of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98d(b)), the National Defense Stockpile Manager may dispose of not more than 25 short tons of materials transferred from another department or agency of the United States to the National Defense Stockpile under section 4(b) of such Act (50 U.S.C. 98c(b)) that the National Defense Stockpile Manager determines is no longer required from the stock-pile. (b) A
CQUISITION AUTHORITY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Using funds available in the National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund, the National Defense Stockpile Manager may acquire the following materials determined to be strategic and critical materials required to meet the defense, industrial, and essential civilian needs of the United States: (A) Electrolytic manganese metal. (B) Antimony. (2) A
MOUNT OF AUTHORITY .—The National De-fense Stockpile Manager may use up to $9,000,000 in the National Defense Stockpile Transaction Fund for acquisition of the mate-rials specified in paragraph (1). (3) F
ISCAL YEAR LIMITATION .—The authority under paragraph (1) is available for purchases during fiscal year 2018 through fiscal year 2027. Subtitle C—Chemical Demilitarization Matters 
SEC. 1421. ACQUISITION REPORTING ON MAJOR CHEMICAL DEMILITARIZATION PRO-GRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) R EPORTING ON MAJOR PROGRAMS .—Acqui- sition reporting on each major program within the chemical demilitarization programs of the Department of Defense, including construction in connection with such program, shall— (1) comply with reporting guidelines for an Acquisition Category 1 (ACAT 1) system; and (2) be reported separately from acquisition re-porting on the other major program within the chemical demilitarization programs of the De-partment of Defense. (b) M
AJOR PROGRAM WITHIN THE CHEMICAL  D
EMILITARIZATION PROGRAMS OF THE DEPART -
MENT OF DEFENSE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘major program within the chemical de-militarization programs of the Department of Defense’’ means each program as follows: (1) Pueblo Chemical Agent Destruction Pilot Plant program, Colorado. (2) Blue Grass Chemical Agent Destruction Pilot Plant program, Kentucky. Subtitle D—Armed Forces Retirement Home SEC. 1431. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 from the Armed Forces Re-tirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1432. ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME MATTERS. 
(a) T ERMINATION OF OVERSIGHT RESPONSIBIL -
ITIES OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR  P
ERSONNEL AND READINESS .— (1) S
ENIOR MEDICAL ADVISOR .—Section 1513A of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 413a) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readi-ness,’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1); and (B) in subsection (c)(4), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of De-fense’’. (2) O
MBUDSMEN .—Section 1517(e)(2) of such Act (24 U.S.C. 417(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Defense’’. (3) I
NSPECTIONS .—Section 1518 of such Act (24 U.S.C. 418) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness,’’; and (B) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of De-fense’’. (b) A
DVISORY COUNCIL .—Section 1516 of such Act (24 U.S.C. 416) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘15 mem-bers,’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘15 members.’’; and (2) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’. (c) A
DMINISTRATORS .—Section 1517(b) of such Act (24 U.S.C. 417(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) serve at the pleasure of the Secretary of Defense.’’. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 1441. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE-DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEM-ONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by sec-tion 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $115,500,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense– Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of sub-section (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts author-ized and appropriated specifically for the pur-pose of such a transfer. (b) U
SE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Am-bulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facil-ity under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). SEC. 1442. ENHANCEMENT OF DATABASE OF EMERGENCY RESPONSE CAPABILI-TIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2436; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall maintain’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(including cyber capabili-ties)’’ after ‘‘emergency response capabilities’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘(including units of the Na-tional Guard and Reserves)’’ after ‘‘identifica-tion of the units’’. (b) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOKEEPDATA-
BASE CURRENT .—Such section is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following new sub-section: ‘‘(b) I
NFORMATION REQUIRED TOKEEPDATA-
BASE CURRENT .—In implementing and maintain-ing the database required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall identify and revise the informa-tion required to be included in the database at least once every two years for purposes of keep-ing the database current.’’. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDI-TIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
SEC. 1501. PURPOSE. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize ap-propriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 to provide additional funds for overseas contingency operations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1502. OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense for overseas contingency operations in such amounts as may be designated as pro-vided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
SEC. 1503. PROCUREMENT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for procurement ac-counts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defense-wide activi-ties, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
SEC. 1504. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the De-partment of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
SEC. 1505. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and main-tenance, as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4302. 
SEC. 1506. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
SEC. 1507. WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5969 September 25, 2017 
of the Department of Defense for providing cap-ital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1508. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER- DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE-WIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Ac-tivities, Defense-wide, as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1509. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1510. DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4502. Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
SEC. 1521. TREATMENT AS ADDITIONAL AUTHOR-IZATIONS. 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
SEC. 1522. SPECIAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA -
TIONS .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is nec-essary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2018 between any such au-thorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivi-sions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be avail-able for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of author-izations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. (b) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) A
DDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer au-thority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. Subtitle C—Other Matters 
SEC. 1531. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES AND  N
OTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2018 shall be subject to the conditions con-tained in subsections (b) through (g) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as amended by section 1531(b) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4424). (b) E
QUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— (1) A
CCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .—Sub- ject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is procured using amounts in the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund authorized under this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of Afghani-stan, but is not accepted by such security forces. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP -
MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghani-stan shall make a determination that the equip-ment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the security forces of Afghani-stan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. (3) ELEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In making a determination under paragraph (2) regarding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to Secretary of Defense acceptance of the equip-ment. An explanation of each determination, in-cluding the basis for the determination and the alternatives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under para-graph (5). (4) T
REATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the author-ity provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon notifi-cation to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. (5) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS -
POSITION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90-day period thereafter during which the au-thority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report describ-ing the equipment accepted during the period covered by such report under the following: (i) This subsection. (ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). (iii) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). (iv) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). (v) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (B) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under subpara-graph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the period covered by the report and treated as stocks of the Depart-ment of Defense and copies of the determina-tions made under paragraph (2), as required by paragraph (3). (c) S
ECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2018, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, retention, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and contracting of female security personnel for future elections. (2) T
YPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Afghan Ministry of Defense Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration and the Afghan Ministry of Interior Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights; (C) development and dissemination of gender and human rights educational and training ma-terials and programs within the Afghan Min-istry of Defense and the Afghan Ministry of In-terior; (D) efforts to address harassment and violence against women within the Afghan National De-fense and Security Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that ad-dress the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female se-curity and police forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Police Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for high-profile female police and army officers. (d) INSPECTOR GENERAL OVERSIGHT OF  F
UND.— (1) Q
UALITY STANDARDS FOR IG PRODUCTS .— Except as provided in paragraph (3), each prod-uct published or issued by an Inspector General relating to the oversight of programs and activi-ties funded under the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund shall be prepared— (A) in accordance with the Generally Accept-ed Government Auditing Standards/Government Auditing Standards (GAGAS/GAS), as issued and updated by the Government Accountability Office; or (B) if not prepared in accordance with the standards referred to in subparagraph (A), in accordance with the Quality Standards for In-spection and Evaluation issued by the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Effi-ciency (commonly referred to as the ‘‘CIGIE Blue Book’’). (2) S
PECIFICATION OF QUALITY STANDARDS  
FOLLOWED .—Each product published or issued by an Inspector General relating to the over-sight of programs and activities funded under the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund shall cite within such product the quality standards fol-lowed in conducting and reporting the work concerned. (3) W
AIVER .—The Lead Inspector General for Operation Freedom’s Sentinel may waive the applicability of paragraph (1) to a specific prod-uct relating to the oversight by an Inspector General of activities and programs funded under the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund if the Lead Inspector General determines that the waiver would facilitate timely efforts to promote efficiency and effectiveness and prevent, detect, and deter fraud, waste, and abuse. Any product published or issued pursuant to a waiver under this paragraph shall include a statement that work for such product was not conducted in ac-cordance with the standards referred to in para-graph (1) and an explanation why such stand-ards were not employed. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities 
SEC. 1601. AIR FORCE SPACE COMMAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 135 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2279c. Air Force Space Command ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The head of the Air Force Space Command shall be the Commander of the Air Force Space Command, who shall be ap-pointed in accordance with section 601 of this title. ‘‘(b) T
ERM.—The Commander shall be ap-pointed to serve a term of six years, and the Sec-retary of Defense may— ‘‘(1) terminate, or propose to extend for a pe-riod of four years, the term of the appointment of the Commander; or ‘‘(2) propose to promote the individual serving as the Commander during that term of appoint-ment.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2279b the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘2279c. Air Force Space Command.’’. 
SEC. 1602. AIR FORCE SPACE CONTRACTOR RE-SPONSIBILITY WATCH LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commander of the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center shall establish and maintain a watch list of contrac-tors with a history of poor performance on space procurement or research, development, test, and evaluation program contracts. (b) B
ASIS FOR INCLUSION ON LIST.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commander of the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center may place a contractor on the watch list established under subsection (a) upon determining that the ability of the contractor to perform Air Force space contracts has been called into question by any of the following issues: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5970 September 25, 2017 
(A) Poor performance or award fee scores below 50 percent. (B) Financial concerns. (C) Felony convictions or civil judgements. (D) Security or foreign ownership and control issues. (2) D
ISCRETION OF THE COMMANDER .—The Commander of the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center shall be responsible for deter-mining which contractors to place on the watch list, whether an entire company or a specific di-vision should be included, and when to remove a contractor from the list. (c) E
FFECT OF LISTING .— (1) P
RIME CONTRACTS .—The Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center may not solicit an offer from, award a contract to, execute an engi-neering change proposal with, or exercise an op-tion on any Air Force space program with a contractor included on the list established under subsection (a) without the prior approval of the Commander of the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center. (2) S
UBCONTRACTS .—A prime contractor on a Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center con-tract may not enter into a subcontract valued in excess of $3,000,000 or 5 percent of the prime contract value with a contractor included on the watch list established under subsection (a) without the prior approval of the Commander of the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center. (d) R
EQUEST FOR REMOVAL FROM LIST.—A contractor may submit to the Commander a written request for removal from the watch list, including evidence that the contractor has re-solved the issue that was the basis for inclusion on the list. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as preventing the sus-pension or debarment of a contractor, but inclu-sion on the watch list shall not be construed as a punitive measure or de facto suspension or de-barment of a contractor. 
SEC. 1603. PRESIDENTIAL NATIONAL VOICE CON-FERENCING SYSTEM. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATION OF ELEMENTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, all program elements and funding for the Presidential National Voice Conferencing System (PNVC) shall be transferred to the Pro-gram Executive Office with responsibility for the Presidential National Voice Conferencing Sys-tem. (b) A
CQUISITION REPORTING .—Commencing not later than one year after the date of the en-actment of this Act, any reporting on the acqui-sition of the Presidential National Voice Confer-encing System shall comply with reporting guidelines for an Acquisition Category 1 (ACAT 1) system. 
SEC. 1604. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DELTA IV LAUNCH VEHICLE. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2018 or any fiscal year thereafter for the Air Force may be obligated to maintain infrastructure, system engineering, critical skills, base and range support, depreciation, or sustainment commodities for the Delta IV launch vehicle until the date on which the Sec-retary of the Air Force submits to the congres-sional defense committees a certification that the Air Force plans to launch a satellite pro-cured by the Air Force on a Delta IV launch ve-hicle during the 3-year period beginning on the date of the certification. 
SEC. 1605. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES WITH RESPECT TO CLASSIFICATION OF SPACE AS A COMBAT DOMAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It is the policy of the United States to develop, produce, field, and maintain an integrated system of assets in response to the increasingly contested nature of the space oper-ating domain to— (1) ensure the resiliency of capabilities at every level of orbit in space; (2) deter or deny an attack on capabilities at every level of orbit in space; and (3) defend the territory of the United States, its allies, and its deployed forces across all oper-ating domains. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—The United States shall implement the policy set forth in sub-section (a)— (1) in accordance with the laws of the United States and the obligations of the United States under international agreements; and (2) with appropriate consultation, coopera-tion, and coproduction of assets with allies and partners of the United States. 
SEC. 1606. LAUNCH SUPPORT AND INFRASTRUC-TURE MODERNIZATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In support of the policy out-lined in section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to modernize infrastructure and im-prove support activities for processing and launch of United States national security space vehicles launching from Federal ranges. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The program required by this section shall include— (1) investments in infrastructure to improve operations at the Eastern and Western Ranges that may benefit all users, to enhance the over-all capabilities of ranges, to improve safety, and to reduce the long term cost of operations and maintenance; (2) measures to normalize processes, systems, and products across the Eastern and Western ranges to minimize the burden on launch pro-viders; and (3) improvements in transparency, flexibility, and, responsiveness for launch scheduling. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In carrying out this pro-gram, the Secretary should consult with current and anticipated users of the Eastern and West-ern ranges. (d) C
OOPERATION .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary should consider partnerships authorized under section 2276 of title 10, United States Code. (e) R
EPORT .— (1) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan for the implementation of the launch support and in-frastructure modernization program. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of plans and the resources needed to improve launch support infrastruc-ture, utilities, support equipment, and range op-erations; (B) a description of plans to streamline and normalize processes, systems, and products at the Eastern and Western ranges, to ensure con-sistency for range users; and (C) recommendations for improving trans-parency, flexibility, and responsiveness in launch scheduling. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and Intelligence-Related Activities 
SEC. 1611. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO EN-GAGE IN COMMERCIAL ACTIVITIES AS SECURITY FOR INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION ACTIVITIES. 
The second sentence of section 431(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 1612. CONSIDERATION OF SERVICE BY RE-CIPIENTS OF BOREN SCHOLARSHIPS AND FELLOWSHIPS IN EXCEPTED SERVICE POSITIONS AS SERVICE BY SUCH RECIPIENTS UNDER CAREER APPOINTMENTS FOR PURPOSES OF CAREER TENURE. 
Section 802(k) of the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (50 U.S.C. 1902(k)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter before sub-paragraph (A), by striking ‘‘(3)(C)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘(4)(C)’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) CAREER TENURE .—In the case of an indi-vidual whose appointment to a position in the excepted service is converted to a career or career- conditional appointment under para-graph (1)(B), the period of service described in such paragraph shall be treated, for purposes of the service requirements for career tenure under title 5, United States Code, as if it were service in a position under a career or career- condi-tional appointment.’’. Subtitle C—Cyber Warfare, Cybersecurity, and Related Matters 
SEC. 1621. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON CYBERSPACE, CYBERSECURITY, AND CYBER WARFARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States, with respect to matters pertaining to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare, that the United States should employ all instru-ments of national power, including the use of offensive cyber capabilities, to deter if possible, and respond when necessary, to any and all cyber attacks or other malicious cyber activities that target United States interests with the in-tent to— (1) cause casualties among United States per-sons or persons of our allies; (2) significantly disrupt the normal func-tioning of United States democratic society or government (including attacks against critical infrastructure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or govern-ment); (3) threaten the command and control of the United States Armed Forces, the freedom of ma-neuver of the United States Armed Forces, or the industrial base or other infrastructure on which the United States Armed Forces rely to defend United States interests and commitments; or (4) achieve an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to an armed attack or imperil a vital interest of the United States. (b) R
ESPONSE OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a), the United States shall plan, develop, and demonstrate re-sponse options to address the full range of po-tential cyber attacks on United States interests that could be conducted by potential adversaries of the United States. (c) D
ENIAL OPTIONS .—In carrying out the pol-icy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, prioritize the defensibility and resil-iency against cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities described in subsection (a) of infra-structure critical to the political integrity, eco-nomic security, and national security of the United States. (d) C
OST-IMPOSITION OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall develop and demonstrate, or otherwise make known to adversaries of the existence of, cyber capabilities to impose costs on any foreign power targeting the United States or United States persons with a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity de-scribed in subsection (a). (e) M
ULTI-PRONG RESPONSE .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through re-sponse options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall— (1) devote immediate and sustained attention to boosting the cyber resilience of critical United States strike systems (including cyber, nuclear, and non-nuclear systems) in order to ensure the United States can credibly threaten to impose unacceptable costs in response to even the most sophisticated large-scale cyber attack; (2) develop offensive cyber capabilities and specific plans and strategies to put at risk tar-gets most valued by adversaries of the United States and their key decision makers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5971 September 25, 2017 
(3) enhance attribution capabilities to reduce the time required to positively attribute an at-tack with high confidence; and (4) develop intelligence and offensive cyber ca-pabilities to detect, disrupt, and potentially ex-pose malicious cyber activities. (f) P
OLICIES RELATING TO OFFENSIVE CYBER C
APABILITIES AND SOVEREIGNTY .—It is the pol-icy of the United States that, when a cyber at-tack or malicious cyber activity transits or oth-erwise relies upon the networks or infrastruc-ture of a third country— (1) the United States shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, notify and encourage the gov-ernment of that country to take action to elimi-nate the threat; and (2) if the government is unable or unwilling to take action, the United States reserves the right to act unilaterally (with the consent of that gov-ernment if possible, but without such consent if necessary). (g) A
UTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense has the authority to develop, prepare, coordinate, and, when appropriately authorized to do so, conduct military cyber operations in response to cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities de-scribed in subsection (a) that are carried out against the United States or United States per-sons by a foreign power. (2) D
ELEGATION OF ADDITIONAL AUTHORI -
TIES.—The Secretary may delegate to the Com-mander of the United States Cyber Command such authorities of the Secretaries of the mili-tary departments, including authorities relating to manning, training, and equipping, that the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) U
SE OF DELEGATED AUTHORITIES .—The use by the Commander of the United States Cyber Command of any authority delegated to the Commander pursuant to this subsection shall be subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to limit the au-thority of the President or Congress to authorize the use of military force. (h) F
OREIGN POWER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Foreign Intel-ligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1622. CYBER POSTURE REVIEW. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT FOR COMPREHENSIVE RE-
VIEW.—In order to clarify United States cyber deterrence policy and strategy for the near term, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a com-prehensive review of the cyber posture of the United States for the next 5 to 10 years. The Secretary shall conduct the review in consulta-tion with the Director of National Intelligence, the Attorney General, the Secretary of the De-partment of Homeland Security, and the Sec-retary of State. (b) E
LEMENTS OF REVIEW .—The cyber posture review shall include the following elements: (1) The role of cyber forces in United States military strategy, planning, and programming. (2) A declaratory policy relating to United States responses to cyber attack and use of of-fensive cyber capabilities, guidance for the em-ployment of offensive cyber capabilities, a public affairs plan, and an engagement plan for adver-saries and allies. (3) Proposed norms for the conduct of offen-sive cyber operations in crisis and conflict. (4) Guidance for the development of cyber de-terrence campaign plans focused on key leader-ship of Russia, China, Iran, North Korea, and any other country the Secretary determines ap-propriate. (5) Examination through analysis and gaming of escalation dynamics in various scenarios, as well as the spiral escalatory effects of countries developing increasingly potent offensive cyber capabilities, and what steps should be under-taken to bolster stability in cyberspace and more broadly stability between major powers. (6) A certification of whether sufficient per-sonnel are trained and equipped to meet vali-dated cyber requirements. (7) Such other matters as the Secretary con-siders appropriate. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress, in unclassified and classi-fied forms as necessary, a report on the results of the cyber posture review conducted under this section. (d) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should respond to all cyber attacks and to all significant cyber intrusions by imposing costs on those respon-sible that exceed any benefit that the attacker or intruder may have hoped to gain. 
SEC. 1623. MODIFICATION AND CLARIFICATION OF REQUIREMENTS AND AUTHORI-TIES RELATING TO ESTABLISHMENT OF UNIFIED COMBATANT COMMAND FOR CYBER OPERATIONS. 
(a) D EADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—Before the Cyber Mission Force reaches full operational capability, the President shall establish the uni-fied combatant command for cyber operations forces pursuant to section 167b(a) of title 10, United State Code. (b) C
LARIFICATION OF FUNCTIONS .—Subsection (a) of section 167b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the second sentence; (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘With the’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) The principal functions of the cyber com-mand are as follows: ‘‘(A) To execute cyber operations. ‘‘(B) To prepare cyber operations forces to carry out assigned missions.’’. (c) M
ODIFICATION OF ASSIGNMENT OF  F
ORCES .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘stationed in the United States’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF COMMAND OF ACTIVITY  
ORMISSION .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) C
OMMAND OF ACTIVITY OR MISSION .—The commander of the cyber command shall execute and exercise command of cyberspace operations and coordinate with the affected commanders of the unified combatant commands, unless other-wise directed by the President or the Secretary of Defense.’’. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY OF COMBAT -
ANTCOMMANDER .—Subsection (e)(2)(A) of such section is amended— (1) in clause (iii)— (A) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘assigned to unified combatant commands’’; (C) by redesignating subclause (II) as sub-clause (III); and (D) by inserting after subclause (I) the fol-lowing new subclause (II): ‘‘(II) for development and acquisition of joint cyber capabilities; and’’; (2) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘joint’’ and in-serting ‘‘cyber operations’’; and (3) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘commissioned and noncommissioned officers’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber operations forces’’. 
SEC. 1624. ANNUAL ASSESSMENT OF CYBER RE-SILIENCY OF NUCLEAR COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 24 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 499. Annual assessment of cyber resiliency of nuclear command and control system ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Not less frequently than annually, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command (in this section referred to collectively as the ‘Commanders’) shall jointly conduct an assessment of the cyber resiliency of the nuclear command and control system. ‘‘(b) ELEMENTS .—In conducting the assess-ment required by subsection (a), the Com-manders shall— ‘‘(1) conduct an assessment of the sufficiency and resiliency of the nuclear command and con-trol system to operate through a cyber attack from the Russian Federation, the People’s Re-public of China, or any other country or entity the Commanders identify as a potential threat; and ‘‘(2) develop recommendations for mitigating any concerns of the Commanders resulting from the assessment. ‘‘(c) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—(1) The Commanders shall jointly submit to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, for submission to the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System estab-lished under section 171a of this title (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’), a report on the assessment required by subsection (a) that includes the following: ‘‘(A) The recommendations developed under subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(B) A statement of the degree of confidence of each of the Commanders in the mission assur-ance of the nuclear deterrent against a top tier cyber threat. ‘‘(C) A detailed description of the approach used to conduct the assessment required by sub-section (a) and the technical basis of conclu-sions reached in conducting that assessment. ‘‘(D) Any other comments of the Commanders. ‘‘(2) The Council shall submit to the Secretary of Defense the report required by paragraph (1) and any comments of the Council on the report. ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the report required by paragraph (1), any comments of the Council on the report under paragraph (2), and any comments of the Secretary on the report. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION .—This section shall termi-nate on the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 24 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 498 the following new item: ‘‘499. Annual assessment of cyber resiliency of nuclear command and control sys-tem.’’. 
SEC. 1625. STRATEGIC CYBERSECURITY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a program to be known as the ‘‘Strategic Cybersecurity Program’’ or ‘‘SCP’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The Program shall be com-prised of personnel assigned to the Program by the Secretary from among personnel, including regular and reserve members of the Armed Forces, civilian employees of the Department, and personnel of the research laboratories of the Department of Defense and the Department of Energy, who have particular expertise in the re-sponsibility to be discharged by the Program. Any personnel assigned to the Program from among personnel of the Department of Energy shall be so assigned with the concurrence of the Secretary of Energy. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The responsibility of the Program shall be to carry out activities (com-monly referred to as ‘‘red-teaming’’) to continu-ously assess the information assurance and im-prove the overall effectiveness of the following of the United States Government: (A) Offensive cyber systems. (B) Long-range strike systems. (C) Nuclear deterrent systems. (D) National security systems. (E) Critical infrastructure of the Department of Defense (as that term is defined in section 1650(f)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–329)). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5972 September 25, 2017 
(2) S COPE OF RESPONSIBILITY .—In carrying out its activities, the Program shall carry out appropriate reviews of current systems and in-frastructure and acquisition plans for proposed systems and infrastructure. The review of an ac-quisition plan for any proposed system or infra-structure shall be carried out before Milestone B approval for such system or infrastructure. (3) R
ESULTS OF REVIEWS .—The results of each review carried out by the Program pursuant to paragraph (2), including any remedial action recommended by the Program pursuant to such review, shall be made available to any agencies or organizations of the Department involved in the development, procurement, operation, or maintenance of the system or infrastructure concerned. (d) R
EPORTS .—The Director of the National Security Agency shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the congressional defense commit-tees on a quarterly basis a report on the activi-ties of the Program during the preceding cal-endar quarter. Each report shall include the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the activities of the Pro-gram during the calendar quarter covered by such report. (2) A description of particular challenges en-countered in the course of the activities of the Program during such calendar quarter, and of actions taken to address such challenges. (3) A description of the current plans of the Program for additional activities. (e) F
UNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for operation and maintenance, Defense-wide, by section 301 and available for the Information Systems Secu-rity Program as specified in the funding table in section 4301, up to $100,000,000 may be available for the Strategic Cybersecurity Program and its activities in fiscal year 2018. (f) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the activities conducted under the Program should address the most critical sys-tems of the Department of Defense and should supplement, not supplant, the Cyber Protection Teams of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1626. EVALUATION OF AGILE ACQUISITION OF CYBER TOOLS AND APPLICA-TIONS. 
(a) E VALUATION REQUIRED .—The Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall con-duct an evaluation of alternative methods for developing, acquiring, and maintaining soft-ware-based cyber tools and applications for the United States Cyber Command, the Army Cyber Command, the Fleet Cyber Command, the Air Forces Cyber Command, and the Marine Corps Cyberspace Command. (b) G
OAL.—The goal of the evaluation re-quired by subsection (a) is to identify a set of practices that will— (1) increase the speed of development of cyber capabilities of the Armed Forces; (2) provide more effective tools and capabili-ties for developing, acquiring, and maintaining cyber tools and applications; and (3) create a repeatable, disciplined process for developing, acquiring, and maintaining cyber tools and applications whereby progress and success or failure can be continuously measured. (c) C
ONSIDERATION OF AGILE SOFTWARE DE-
VELOPMENT , AGILE ACQUISITION , AND OTHER B
ESTPRACTICES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The evaluation required by subsection (a) shall include consideration of agile software development, agile acquisition, and such other similar best practices of commer-cial industry. (2) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the evaluation required by subsection (a), the Com-mander shall assess requirements for imple-menting the practices described in paragraph (1), consider changes that would be necessary to established acquisition practices, including the following: (A) The requirements process. (B) Contracting. (C) Testing. (D) User involvement in the development proc-ess. (E) Program management. (F) Milestone reviews and approvals. (G) The definitions of ‘‘research and develop-ment’’, ‘‘procurement’’, and ‘‘sustainment’’. (H) The constraints of current appropriations account definitions. (d) ASSESSMENT OF TRAINING AND EDUCATION  R
EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out the evaluation required by subsection (a), the Commander shall assess training and education requirements for personnel in all areas and at all levels of man-agement relevant to the successful adoption of new acquisition models and methods for devel-oping, acquiring, and maintaining cyber tools and applications as described in such sub-section. (e) S
ERVICES AND EXPERTISE .—In conducting the evaluation required by subsection (a), the Commander shall— (1) obtain services and expertise from— (A) the Defense Digital Service; and (B) federally funded research and develop-ment centers, such as the Software Engineering Institute and the MITRE Corporation; and (2) consult with such commercial software companies as the Commander considers appro-priate to learn about commercial best practices. (f) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Com-mander shall submit to the Secretary of Defense recommendations for experimenting with or adopting new acquisition methods, including all aspects of implementation necessary for the suc-cess of the recommended methods. (2) C
ONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 14 days after submitting recommendations to the Secretary under paragraph (1), the Commander shall brief the congressional defense committees on the recommendations the Commander sub-mitted under paragraph (1). (g) P
RESERVATION OF EXISTING AUTHORITY .— The evaluation required under subsection (a) is intended to inform future acquisition ap-proaches. Nothing in this section shall be con-strued to limit or impede the exercising of the acquisition authority of the Commander of United States Cyber Command under section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note). (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘agile acquisition’’ means acqui-sition pursuant to a methodology for delivering multiple, rapid, incremental capabilities to the user for operational use, evaluation, and feed-back. The incremental development and fielding of capabilities, commonly called ‘‘spirals’’, ‘‘spins’’, or ‘‘sprints’’, can be measured in a few weeks or months, and involve continuous par-ticipation and collaboration by users, testers, and requirements authorities. (2) The term ‘‘agile development’’ means de-velopment pursuant to a set of software develop-ment methodologies based on iterative develop-ment, in which requirements and solutions evolve through collaboration between self-orga-nizing cross-functional teams. 
SEC. 1627. REPORT ON COST IMPLICATIONS OF TERMINATING DUAL-HAT ARRANGE-MENT FOR COMMANDER OF UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that identifies the costs that would be impli-cated by meeting the conditions set forth in sec-tion 1642(b)(2)(C) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). 
SEC. 1628. MODIFICATION OF INFORMATION AS-SURANCE SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF PROGRAM .—Section 2200a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) DESIGNATION OF PROGRAM .—A program under which the Secretary provides financial assistance under subsection (a) shall be known as the ‘Department of Defense Cybersecurity Scholarship Program’.’’. (b) A
LLOCATION OF FUNDING .—Subsection (f) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘Not less’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Not less than five percent of the amount available for financial assistance under this sec-tion for a fiscal year shall be available for pro-viding financial assistance for the pursuit of an associate degree.’’. (c) R
EINVIGORATION PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than September 30, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a plan for reinvigorating the Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Pro-gram authorized under section 2200a of such title, as amended by subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 1629. MEASURING COMPLIANCE OF COMPO-NENTS OF DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE WITH CYBERSECURITY RE-QUIREMENTS FOR SECURING INDUS-TRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall make such changes to the scorecard as are necessary to ensure that the Secretary measures each component of the Department of Defense in its progress towards securing the industrial control systems of the Department against cyber threats, including supervisory control and data acquisition systems (SCADA), distributed con-trol systems (DCS), programmable logic control-lers (PLC), and platform information technology (PIT). (b) S
CORECARD DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘scorecard’’ means the Department of De-fense Cyber Scorecard for the measuring of the performance of components of the Department against basic cybersecurity requirements as out-lined in the Department of Defense Cybersecu-rity Discipline Implementation Plan. 
SEC. 1630. EXERCISE ON ASSESSING CYBERSECU-RITY SUPPORT TO ELECTION SYS-TEMS OF STATES. 
(a) I NCLUSION OF CYBER VULNERABILITIES IN  E
LECTION SYSTEMS IN CYBER GUARD EXER-
CISES .—The Secretary of Defense shall incor-porate the cybersecurity of elections systems of the States as a component of the Cyber Guard Exercise. (b) R
EPORT ON BESTPRACTICES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the capabilities, readiness, and best practices of the National Guard to assist the Governors, if called upon, to defend elections systems from cyberattacks. 
SEC. 1630A. REPORT ON VARIOUS APPROACHES TO CYBER DETERRENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on various approaches to cyber deterrence. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Identification, definition, and explanation of the various theoretical approaches to cyber deterrence. (2) An assessment of the relative strengths and weaknesses of each of such approaches relative to the threat and relative to one another. (3) A recommendation for a cyber deterrence theory and doctrine for the Armed Forces. (4) An alternative analysis or dissenting view of the recommendation included under para-graph (3) that explains the weaknesses of the recommended theory and doctrine and offers an alternative theory or doctrine. (c) C
ONSULTATION .—In preparing the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with experts from the Government, in-dustry, and academia. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5973 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 1630B. PROHIBITION ON USE OF SOFTWARE PLATFORMS DEVELOPED BY KASPERSKY LAB. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No department, agency, or-ganization, or other element of the Department of Defense may use, whether directly or through work with or on behalf of another organization or element of the Department or another depart-ment or agency of the United States Govern-ment, any software platform developed, in whole or in part, by Kaspersky Lab or any enti-ty of which Kaspersky Lab has a majority own-ership. (b) S
EVERANCE OF NETWORK CONNECTIONS .— The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that any network connection between a department, agency, organization, or other element of the Department of Defense and a department or agency of the United States Government that is using or hosting on its networks a software plat-form described in subsection (a) is immediately severed. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 1630C. REPORT ON CYBER APPLICATIONS OF BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the heads of such other agencies and depart-ments as the Secretary considers appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the potential offensive and defensive cyber applications of blockchain tech-nology and other distributed database tech-nologies and an assessment of efforts by foreign powers, extremist organizations, and criminal networks to utilize these technologies. Such re-port shall also include an assessment of the use or planned use of blockchain technologies by the United States Government or critical infra-structure networks and the vulnerabilities of such networks to cyber attacks. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by (a) may be submitted— (1) in classified form; or (2) in unclassified form with a classified annex. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Se-lect Committee on Intelligence, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (2) Committee on Armed Services, the Perma-nent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1631. COLLECTION, STORAGE, AND SHARING OF DATA RELATING TO NUCLEAR SE-CURITY ENTERPRISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 24 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1624, is further amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 499a. Collection, storage, and sharing of data relating to nuclear security enterprise ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, and the Administrator for Nuclear Security, acting through the Direc-tor for Cost Estimating and Program Evalua-tion, shall jointly collect and store cost, pro-grammatic, and technical data relating to pro-grams and projects of the nuclear security enter-prise. ‘‘(b) S
HARING OF DATA.—If the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation or the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Eval-uation requests data relating to programs or projects from any element of the Department of Defense or from any element of the nuclear se-curity enterprise of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration, that element shall provide that data in a timely manner. ‘‘(c) STORAGE OF DATA.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Data collected by the Di-rector of Cost Assessment and Program Evalua-tion and the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation under this section shall be— ‘‘(A) stored in the data storage system of the Defense Cost and Resource Center or in a data storage system of the National Nuclear Security Administration that is equivalent to the data storage system of the Defense Cost and Resource Center; and ‘‘(B) made accessible to other Federal agencies as such Directors consider appropriate. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY OF RESOURCES .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator shall ensure that the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation and the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation have sufficient infor-mation system support, as determined by such Directors, to facilitate the timely hosting, han-dling, and sharing of data relating to programs and projects of the nuclear security enterprise under this section at the appropriate level of classification. ‘‘(3) C
OORDINATION WITH OFFICE OF NAVAL RE -
ACTORS .—The Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors of the National Nuclear Security Ad-ministration shall coordinate with the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation and the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation to ensure that data relating to pro-grams and projects of the Office of Naval Reac-tors are correctly represented in the data storage system of the Defense Cost and Resource Center and the data storage system of the National Nu-clear Security Administration described in para-graph (1)(A). ‘‘(d) C
ONTRACT REQUIREMENTS .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator shall ensure that any contract relating to a program or project of the nuclear security enterprise that is entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this section includes— ‘‘(1) requirements and standards for data col-lection; and ‘‘(2) requirements for reporting on cost, pro-grammatic, and technical data using proce-dures, standards, and formats approved by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Eval-uation and the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation. ‘‘(e) N
UCLEAR SECURITY ENTERPRISE DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘nuclear secu-rity enterprise’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 24 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 499, as added by section 1624, the following new item: ‘‘499a. Collection, storage, and sharing of data relating to nuclear security enter-prise.’’. 
SEC. 1632. ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCEDURES FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR EN-TERPRISE REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall issue a final Depart-ment of Defense Instruction establishing proce-dures for the long-term implementation of the recommendations contained in the Independent Review of the Department of Defense Nuclear Enterprise, dated June 2, 2014. (b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall submit the final instruction required by subsection (a) to the congressional defense com-mittees not later than 30 days after issuing the instruction. (c) R
EVIEW BY GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY  O
FFICE .—Not later than 90 days after the Sec-retary issues the final instruction required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report reviewing the in-struction for its consistency with the rec-ommendations contained in the report of the Government Accountability Office entitled, ‘‘De-fense Nuclear Enterprise: DOD has Established Processes for Implementing and Tracking Rec-ommendations to Improve Leadership Morale and Operations’’, dated July 14, 2016 (GAO–16– 957R). SEC. 1633. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CER-TAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Notwith- standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4101, $6,334,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) C
OVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available off-the-shelf items as defined in sec-tion 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1634. EXECUTION AND PROGRAMMATIC OVERSIGHT OF NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, as Executive Secretary of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Com-mand, Control, and Communications System es-tablished under section 171a of title 10, United States Code (or a successor to the Chief Infor-mation Officer assigned responsibility for policy, oversight, guidance, and coordination for nu-clear command and control systems), shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment, develop a database relating to the execution of all nu-clear command, control, and communications acquisition programs of the Department of De-fense with an approved Materiel Development Decision. The database shall be updated not less frequently than annually and upon completion of a major program element of such a program. (b) D
ATABASE ELEMENTS .—The database re-quired by subsection (a) shall include, at a min-imum, the following elements for each program described in that subsection, consistent with De-partment of Defense Instruction 5000.02: (1) Projected dates for Milestones A, B and C, including cost thresholds and objectives for major elements of life cycle cost. (2) Projected dates for program design reviews and critical design reviews. (3) Projected dates for developmental and op-eration tests. (4) Projected dates for initial operational ca-pability and final operational capability. (5) An acquisition program baseline. (6) Program acquisition unit cost and average procurement unit cost. (7) Contract type. (8) Key performance parameters. (9) Key system attributes. (10) A risk register. (11) Technology readiness levels. (12) Manufacturing readiness levels. (13) Integration readiness levels. (14) Any other critical elements that affect the stability of the program. (c) B
RIEFINGS .—The co-chairs of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Com-mand, Control, and Communications System shall brief the congressional defense committees on the status of the database required by sub-section (a)— (1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) upon completion of the database. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5974 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 1635. MEASURES IN RESPONSE TO NON-COMPLIANCE OF THE RUSSIAN FED-ERATION WITH ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE INF TREATY. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF UNITED STATES POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that, for so long as the Russian Federation remains in non-compliance with the INF Treaty, the United States should take actions to bring the Russian Federation back into compliance, including— (1) providing additional funds for the activi-ties and systems identified in section 1243(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1062); and (2) the establishment of a research and devel-opment program for a dual-capable road-mobile ground-launched missile system with a max-imum range of 5,500 kilometers. (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the cost and schedule for, and feasibility of, modi-fying United States missile systems in existence as of such date of enactment for ground launch with a range of between 500 and 5,500 kilo-meters, including the Tomahawk Cruise Missile, the Standard Missile-3, the Standard Missile-6, the Long-Range Stand-Off Cruise Missile, and the Army Tactical Missile System, as compared with the cost and schedule for, and feasibility of, developing a new ground-launched missile using new technology with the same range. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fis-cal year 2018 for a research and development program for a dual-capable road-mobile ground- launched missile system with a maximum range of 5,500 kilometers may be obligated or expended until the report required by subsection (b) is re-ceived by the congressional defense committees. (d) INF T
REATY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of their Intermediate-Range and Shorter-Range Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SEC. 1636. CERTIFICATION THAT THE NUCLEAR POSTURE REVIEW ADDRESSES DE-TERRENT EFFECT AND OPERATION OF UNITED STATES NUCLEAR FORCES IN CURRENT AND FUTURE SECURITY ENVIRONMENTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that, between the publication of the Nuclear Posture Review in 2010 and the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) North Korea has— (A) conducted at least three nuclear tests; (B) tested missiles that may be capable of reaching United States territory in the Pacific Ocean; and (C) continued to develop a missile that could strike targets in the United States homeland; (2) the Russian Federation has— (A) not complied with either the spirit or the letter of bilateral treaties with the United States related to nuclear weapons; (B) continued to expand and diversify its ar-senal of non-strategic nuclear weapons; (C) threatened to add allies of the United States hosting missile defense shields to its list of nuclear targets; and (D) demonstrated willful disregard for the sov-ereign territory of a neighboring country; (3) Iran has— (A) according to the International Atomic En-ergy Agency, exceeded limits on sensitive mate-rials under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Ac-tion, agreed to at Vienna on July 14, 2015, by Iran and by the People’s Republic of China, France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the United Kingdom, and the United States; and (B) continued to advance a ballistic missile program that has been condemned by the United Nations; (4) the People’s Republic of China has— (A) built up military outposts on artificial is-lands in the South China Sea; (B) mass-produced missiles capable of striking United States aircraft carriers and military in-stallations in the Pacific; (C) expanded its delivery systems to include ballistic missile submarines, which can hold the United States homeland at risk and potentially can destabilize the strategic stability of South-east Asia; and (D) continued to test anti-satellite weapons, according to the Department of State; and (5) advances in technology and capabilities re-lated to the cyber domain, applications of artifi-cial intelligence, and space have further com-plicated the delicate balance of deterrence that has been in place since the Cold War. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) given the developments in the inter-national security environment described in sub-section (a), it is critical to the national security of the United States to maintain a nuclear force that is effective for both deterrence of adver-saries and assurance of allies of the United States; (2) an effective force for deterrence and assur-ance should be flexible, in order to respond to different contingencies, as well as resilient, to operate as planned under stress; and (3) in order to do so, the United States should continue to pursue the timely modernization of all three legs of the nuclear triad, the Long- Range Stand-Off weapon, tactical nuclear capa-bilities, and nuclear command and control sys-tems, as well as weapons and infrastructure maintained by the National Nuclear Security Administration. (c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after completing the first Nuclear Pos-ture Review after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a certifi-cation that the Nuclear Posture Review ac-counts for— (1) with respect to the nuclear capabilities of the United States as of such date of enactment— (A) the ability of such capabilities to deter ad-versaries of the United States that possess nu-clear weapons or may possess such weapons in the future; (B) the ability of the United States to operate in a major regional conflict that involves nu-clear weapons; (C) the ability and preparedness of forward- deployed members of the Armed Forces to oper-ate in a nuclear environment; and (D) weapons, equipment, and training or con-duct that would improve the abilities described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C); (2) with respect to the nuclear capabilities of the United States projected over the 10-year pe-riod beginning on such date of enactment— (A) the projected ability of such capabilities to deter adversaries of the United States that pos-sess nuclear weapons or may possess such weap-ons in the future; (B) the projected ability of the United States to operate in a major regional conflict that in-volves nuclear weapons; (C) the projected ability and preparedness of forward-deployed members of the Armed Forces to operate in a nuclear environment; and (D) weapons, equipment, and training or con-duct that would improve the abilities described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C); and (3) any actions that could be taken by the Secretary of Defense or the Administrator for Nuclear Security in the near and medium terms to decrease the risk posed by possible additional changes to the security environment related to nuclear weapons in the future. (d) F
ORM OF CERTIFICATION .—The certifi-cation required by subsection (c) may be sub-mitted to the congressional defense committees in classified form. SEC. 1637. PLAN TO MANAGE INTEGRATED TAC-TICAL WARNING AND ATTACK AS-SESSMENT SYSTEM AND MULTI-DO-MAIN SENSORS. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a plan to manage the Air Force missile warning ele-ments of the Integrated Tactical Warning and Attack Assessment System as a weapon system consistent with Air Force Policy Directive 10–9, entitled ‘‘Lead Command Designation and Re-sponsibilities for Weapon Systems’’ and dated March 8, 2007. (b) M
ULTI-DOMAIN SENSOR MANAGEMENT AND  E
XPLOITATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include a long-term plan to manage all available sensors for multi-domain exploitation against modern and emergent threats in order to provide comprehensive sup-port for integrated tactical warning and attack assessment, missile defense, and space situa-tional awareness. (2) C
OORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES .—In developing the plan required by paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) coordinate with the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Navy, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, and the Director of the National Reconnaissance Office; and (B) solicit comments on the plan, if any, from the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and the Commander of the United States Northern Command. (c) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 14 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees— (1) the plan required by subsection (a); and (2) the comments from the Commander of the United States Strategic Command and the Com-mander of the United States Northern Com-mand, if any, on the plan required by subsection (b)(1). 
SEC. 1638. CERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT WITH RESPECT TO STRATEGIC RADIATION HARDENED TRUSTED FOUNDRY. 
Not later than December 31, 2020, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a certification that a strategic radiation hardened trusted foundry, consistent with Department of Defense Instruc-tion 5200.44, is operational and capable of sup-plying necessary microelectronic components for necessary radiation environments involved with the acquisition of delivery systems for nuclear weapons. 
SEC. 1639. REQUIREMENTS FOR NUCLEAR POS-TURE REVIEW. 
(a) I NCORPORATION OF STAKEHOLDER VIEWS.— In preparing the Nuclear Posture Review, the Secretary of Defense shall fully incorporate input and views from all relevant stakeholders in the United States Government, including the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, the Administrator for Nuclear Security, and the heads of components of the Department of State, the Department of Energy, and the National Nuclear Security Administration with responsi-bility for negotiating and verifying compliance with international arms control initiatives. (b) A
VAILABILITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that— (1) the Nuclear Posture Review is submitted, in its entirety, to the President and the congres-sional defense committees; and (2) an unclassified version of the Nuclear Pos-ture Review is made available to the public. 
SEC. 1640. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NUCLEAR POSTURE REVIEW. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Nuclear Posture Review should— (1) take into account the obligations of the United States under treaties ratified by and with the advice and consent of the Senate; and (2) examine the tools required to sustain the stockpile stewardship program under section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5975 September 25, 2017 
4201 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521) in the future to ensure the safety, security, and effectiveness of the nuclear arse-nal of the United States. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1651. IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI CO-OPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAM CO-DEVELOPMENT AND CO- PRODUCTION. 
(a) I RON DOME SHORT -RANGE ROCKET DE-
FENSE SYSTEM .— (1) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2018 for pro-curement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $92,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure Tamir interceptors for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense system through co-production of such interceptors in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) C
ONDITIONS .— (A) A
GREEMENT .—Funds described in para-graph (1) for the Iron Dome short-range rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amended to include co-production for Tamir interceptors. In negotiations by the Missile De-fense Agency and the Missile Defense Organiza-tion of the Government of Israel regarding such production, the goal of the United States is to maximize opportunities for co-production of the Tamir interceptors described in paragraph (1) in the United States by industry of the United States. (B) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency and the Under Secretary of De-fense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (i) a certification that the amended bilateral international agreement specified in subpara-graph (A) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and (ii) an assessment detailing any risks relating to the implementation of such agreement. (b) I
SRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , DAVID’SSLING WEAPON SYSTEM CO- 
PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fis-cal year 2018 for procurement, Defense-wide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency not more than $120,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System, including for co-produc-tion of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) C
ERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional commit-tees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has dem-onstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and pro-duction readiness reviews required by the re-search, development, and technology agreement and the bilateral co-production agreement for the David’s Sling Weapon System; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mu-tually agreed to by the United States and Israel); and (C) the level of co-production of parts, compo-nents, and all-up rounds (if appropriate) in the United States by United States industry for the David’s Sling Weapon System is not less than 50 percent. (c) ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  P
ROGRAM , ARROW 3 UPPER TIERINTERCEPTOR  P
ROGRAM CO-PRODUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), of the funds authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal year 2018 for procurement, De-fense-wide, and available for the Missile De-fense Agency not more than $120,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, in-cluding for co-production of parts and compo-nents in the United States by United States in-dustry. (2) L
IMITATION ON FUNDING .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated in para-graph (1) may be obligated or expended until 30 days after the successful completion of two flight tests at a test range in the United States to validate Arrow Weapon System capabilities and interoperability with ballistic missile system components of the United States. (3) C
ERTIFICATION .— (A) C
RITERIA .—Except as provided by para-graph (4), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certifi-cation that— (i) the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, de-velopment, and technology agreements for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Development Program; (ii) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a one-for-one cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mu-tually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (iii) the United States has entered into a bilat-eral international agreement with Israel that es-tablishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (I) in accordance with clause (iv), the terms of co-production of parts and components on the basis of the greatest practicable co-production of parts, components, and all-up rounds (if appro-priate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization ex-penses to the costs needed for co-production; (II) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and bat-teries that will be procured, including with re-spect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (III) technical milestones for co-production of parts and components and procurement; (IV) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and (V) joint approval processes for third-party sales; and (iv) the level of co-production described in clause (iii)(I) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Inter-ceptor Program is not less than 50 percent. (4) W
AIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive the certification required by paragraph (3) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate con-gressional committees that the Under Secretary has received sufficient data from the Govern-ment of Israel to demonstrate— (A) the funds specified in paragraph (1) are provided to Israel solely for funding the pro-curement of long-lead components and critical hardware in accordance with a production plan, including a funding profile detailing Israeli contributions for production, including long-lead production, of the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) such long-lead components have success-fully completed knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and (C) the long-lead procurement will be con-ducted in a manner that maximizes co-produc-tion in the United States without incurring non-recurring engineering activity or cost other than such activity or cost required for suppliers of the United States to start or restart production in the United States. (d) NUMBER .—In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (3) of sub-section (c), the Under Secretary may submit— (1) one certification covering both the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (2) separate certifications for each respective system. (e) T
IMING .—The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the cer-tifications under paragraph (2) of subsection (b) and paragraph (3) of subsection (c) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in para-graph (1) of subsections (b) and (c) for the re-spective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. (f) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate congressional committees’’ means the fol-lowing: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1652. DEVELOPMENT OF PERSISTENT SPACE- BASED SENSOR ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Unless otherwise directed or recommended by the Ballistic Missile Defense Review (BMDR), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency shall develop, using sound acqui-sition practices, a highly reliable and cost-effec-tive persistent space-based sensor architecture capable of supporting the ballistic missile de-fense system. (b) T
ESTING AND DEPLOYMENT .—The Director shall ensure that the sensor architecture devel-oped under subsection (a) is rigorously tested before final production decisions or operational deployment. (c) F
UNCTIONS .—The sensor architecture de-veloped under subsection (a) shall include one or more of the following functions: (1) Control of increased raid sizes. (2) Precision tracking of threat missiles. (3) Fire-control-quality tracks of evolving threat missiles. (4) Enabling of launch-on-remote and engage- on-remote capabilities. (5) Discrimination of warheads. (6) Effective kill assessment. (7) Enhanced shot doctrine. (8) Integration with the command, control, battle management, and communication pro-gram of the ballistic missile defense system. (9) Integration with all other elements of the current ballistic missile defense system, includ-ing the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense, Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense, Aegis Ashore, and Patriot Air and Missile Defense Systems. (10) Such additional functions as determined by the Ballistic Missile Defense Review. (d) C
OSTESTIMATES .—Whenever the Director develops a cost estimate for the sensor architec-ture required by subsection (a), the Director shall use— (1) the cost-estimating and assessment guide of the Government Accountability Office enti-tled ‘‘GAO Cost Estimating and Assessment Guide’’ (GAO–09–3SP), or a successor guide; or (2) the most current operating and support cost-estimating guide of the Office of Cost As-sessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE). 
SEC. 1653. GROUND-BASED INTERCEPTOR CAPA-BILITY, CAPACITY, AND RELIABILITY. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that it is the policy of the United States to maintain and improve, with the allies of the United States, an effective, robust layered missile defense system capable of defending the citizens of the United States residing in terri-tories and States of the United States, allies of the United States, and deployed Armed Forces of the United States. (b) I
NCREASE IN CAPACITY AND CONTINUED AD-
VANCEMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) subject to the annual authorization of ap-propriations and the annual appropriation of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5976 September 25, 2017 
funds for National Missile Defense, increase the number of United States ground-based intercep-tors, unless otherwise directed by the Ballistic Missile Defense Review, by up to 28; (2) develop a plan to further increase such number to the currently available missile field capacity of 104 and to plan for any future ca-pacity at any site that may be identified by the Ballistic Missile Defense Review; and (3) continue to rapidly advance missile de-fense technologies to improve the capability and reliability of the ground-based midcourse de-fense element of the ballistic missile defense sys-tem. (c) D
EPLOYMENT .—Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) execute any requisite construction to en-sure that Missile Field 1 or Missile Field 2 at Fort Greely or alternative missile fields at Fort Greely which may be identified pursuant to sub-section (b), are capable of supporting and sus-taining additional ground-based interceptors; (2) deploy up to 14 additional ground-based interceptors to Missile Field 1 or up to 20 addi-tional ground-based interceptors to an alter-native missile field at Fort Greely as soon as technically feasible; and (3) identify a ground-based interceptor stock-pile storage site for the remaining ground-based interceptors required by subsection (b). (d) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Unless otherwise directed or recommended by the Ballistic Missile Defense Review (BMDR), the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 90 days after the completion of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review, a report on options to increase the ca-pability, capacity, and reliability of the ground- based midcourse defense element of the ballistic missile defense system and the infrastructure re-quirements for increasing the number of ground- based interceptors in currently feasible locations across the United States. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) An identification of potential sites in the United States, whether existing or new on the East Coast or in the Midwest, for the deploy-ment of 104 ground-based interceptors. (B) A cost-benefit analysis of each such site, including tactical, operational, and cost-to-con-struct considerations. (C) A description of any completed and out-standing environmental assessments or impact statements for each such site. (D) A description of the existing capacity of the missile fields at Fort Greely and the infra-structure requirements needed to increase the number of ground-based interceptors to 20 ground-based interceptors each. (E) A description of the additional infrastruc-ture and components needed to further outfit missile fields at Fort Greely before emplacing additional ground-based interceptors configured with the redesigned kill vehicle, including with respect to ground excavation, silos, utilities, and support equipment. (F) A cost estimate of such infrastructure and components. (G) An estimated schedule for completing such construction as may be required for such infra-structure and components. (H) An identification of any environmental assessments or impact studies that would need to be conducted to expand such missile fields at Fort Greely beyond current capacity. (I) An operational evaluation and cost anal-ysis of the deployment of transportable ground- based interceptors, including an identification of potential sites, including in the eastern United States and at Vandenberg Air Force Base, and an examination of any environ-mental, legal, or tactical challenges associated with such deployments, including to any sites identified in subparagraph (A). (J) A determination of the appropriate fleet mix of ground-based interceptor kill vehicles and boosters to maximize overall system effec-tiveness and increase its capacity and capa-bility, including the costs and benefits of contin-ued inclusion of capability enhancement II (CE– II) Block 1 interceptors after the fielding of the redesigned kill vehicle. (K) A description of the planned improve-ments to homeland ballistic missile defense sen-sor and discrimination capabilities and an as-sessment of the expected operational benefits of such improvements to homeland ballistic missile defense. (L) The benefit of supplementing ground- based midcourse defense elements with other, more distributed, elements, including both Aegis ships and Aegis Ashore installations with Standard Missile-3 Block IIA and other inter-ceptors in Hawaii and at other locations for homeland missile defense. (3) FORM.—The report submitted under para-graph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1654. SENSE OF THE SENATE ON THE STATE OF UNITED STATES MISSILE DE-FENSE. 
It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) the Secretary of Defense should use the Ballistic Missile Defense Review (BMDR) to consider accelerating the development of tech-nologies that will increase the capacity, capa-bility, and reliability of the ground-based mid-course defense element of the ballistic missile de-fense system; (2) upon completion of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review, the Director of the Missile De-fense Agency should, to the extent practicable and with sound acquisition practices, accelerate the development, testing, and fielding of such capabilities as they are prioritized in the Bal-listic Missile Defense Review, including the re-designed kill vehicle, the multi-object kill vehi-cle, the C3 booster, a space-based sensor layer, boost phase sensor and kill technologies, and additional ground-based interceptors; and (3) in order to achieve these objectives, and to avoid post-production and post-deployment problems, it is essential for the Department of Defense and the Missile Defense Agency to fol-low a ‘‘fly before you buy’’ approach to ade-quately test and assess the elements of the bal-listic missile defense system before final produc-tion decisions or operational deployment. 
SEC. 1655. SENSE OF THE SENATE AND REPORT ON GROUND-BASED MIDCOURSE DE-FENSE TESTING. 
(a) S ENSE OF THE SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate that— (1) at a minimum, the Missile Defense Agency should continue to flight test the ground-based midcourse defense element at least once each fis-cal year; (2) the Department of Defense should allocate increased funding to homeland missile defense testing to ensure that our defenses continue to evolve faster than the threats against which they are postured to defend; (3) in order to rapidly innovate, develop, and field new technologies, the Director of the Mis-sile Defense Agency should continue to focus testing campaigns on delivering increased capa-bilities to the Armed Forces as quickly as pos-sible; and (4) the Director of the Missile Defense Agency should seek to establish a more prudent balance between risk mitigation and the more rapid test-ing pace needed to quickly develop and deliver new capabilities to the Armed Forces. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a re-vised missile defense testing campaign plan that accelerates the development and deployment of new missile defense technologies. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall include the following: (A) A detailed analysis of the acceleration of each of following programs: (i) Redesigned kill vehicle. (ii) Multi-object kill vehicle. (iii) Configuration-3 Booster. (iv) Lasers mounted on small unmanned aerial vehicles. (v) Space-based missile defense sensor archi-tecture. (vi) Such additional technologies as the Direc-tor considers appropriate. (B) A new deployment timeline for each of the programs in listed in subparagraph (A) or a de-tailed description of why the current timeline for deployment technologies under those pro-grams is most suitable. (C) An identification of any funding or policy restrictions that would slow down the deploy-ment of the technologies under the programs listed in subparagraph (A). (D) A risk assessment of the potential cost- overruns and deployment delays that may be encountered in the expedited development proc-ess of the capabilities under paragraph (1). (c) REPORT ON FUNDING PROFILE .—The Direc-tor shall include with the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the budget of the Department of Defense for fis-cal year 2019 (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a report on the funding profile necessary for the new testing campaign plan required by subsection (b)(1). Subtitle F—Cyber Scholarship Opportunities 
SEC. 1661. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Cyber Scholarship Opportunities Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 1662. COMMUNITY COLLEGE CYBER PILOT PROGRAM AND ASSESSMENT. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, as part of the Federal Cyber Scholarship-for-Serv-ice program established under section 302 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442), the Director of the National Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall develop and implement a pilot program at not more than 10, but at least 5, community col-leges to provide scholarships to eligible students who— (1) are pursuing associate degrees or special-ized program certifications in the field of cyber-security; and (2)(A) have bachelor’s degrees; or (B) are veterans of the armed forces. (b) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subtitle, as part of the Federal Cyber Scholarship-for-Service pro-gram established under section 302 of the Cyber-security Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442), the Director of the National Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall assess the potential benefits and feasibility of providing scholarships through community col-leges to eligible students who are pursuing asso-ciate degrees, but do not have bachelor’s de-grees. 
SEC. 1663. FEDERAL CYBER SCHOLARSHIP-FOR SERVICE PROGRAM UPDATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 302 of the Cyberse-curity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b)(3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) prioritize the employment placement of at least 80 percent of scholarship recipients in an executive agency (as defined in section 105 of title 5, United States Code); and ‘‘(4) provide awards to improve cybersecurity education at the kindergarten through grade 12 level— ‘‘(A) to increase interest in cybersecurity ca-reers; ‘‘(B) to help students practice correct and safe online behavior and understand the foundational principles of cybersecurity; ‘‘(C) to improve teaching methods for deliv-ering cybersecurity content for kindergarten 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5977 September 25, 2017 
through grade 12 computer science curricula; and ‘‘(D) to promote teacher recruitment in the field of cybersecurity.’’; (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(d) P
OST-AWARD EMPLOYMENT OBLIGA -
TIONS .—Each scholarship recipient, as a condi-tion of receiving a scholarship under the pro-gram, shall enter into an agreement under which the recipient agrees to work for a period equal to the length of the scholarship, following receipt of the student’s degree, in the cybersecu-rity mission of— ‘‘(1) an executive agency (as defined in sec-tion 105 of title 5, United States Code); ‘‘(2) Congress, including any agency, entity, office, or commission established in the legisla-tive branch; ‘‘(3) an interstate agency; ‘‘(4) a State, local, or tribal government; or ‘‘(5) a State, local, or tribal government-affili-ated non-profit that is considered to be critical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the USA Patriot Act (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e)).’’; (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) have demonstrated a high level of com-petency in relevant knowledge, skills, and abili-ties, as defined by the national cybersecurity awareness and education program under section 401;’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (4) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(4) be a full-time student in an eligible degree program at a qualified institution of higher edu-cation, as determined by the Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, except that in the case of a student who is enrolled in a commu-nity college, be a student pursuing a degree on a less than full-time basis, but not less than half-time basis; and’’; and (4) by amending subsection (m) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(m) P
UBLIC INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) E
VALUATION .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, shall periodically evaluate and make pub-lic, in a manner that protects the personally identifiable information of scholarship recipi-ents, information on the success of recruiting in-dividuals for scholarships under this section and on hiring and retaining those individuals in the public sector cyber workforce, including on— ‘‘(A) placement rates; ‘‘(B) where students are placed, including job titles and descriptions; ‘‘(C) student salary ranges for students not re-leased from obligations under this section; ‘‘(D) how long after graduation they are placed; ‘‘(E) how long they stay in the positions they enter upon graduation; ‘‘(F) how many students are released from ob-ligations; and ‘‘(G) what, if any, remedial training is re-quired. ‘‘(2) REPORTS .—The Director of the National Science Foundation, in coordination with the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit, at least once every 3 years, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report, including the results of the evaluation under paragraph (1) and any recent statistics regarding the size, composition, and educational requirements of the Federal cyber workforce. ‘‘(3) R
ESOURCES .—The Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment, shall provide consolidated and user- friendly online resources for prospective scholar-ship recipients, including, to the extent prac-ticable— ‘‘(A) searchable, up-to-date, and accurate in-formation about participating institutions of higher education and job opportunities related to the field of cybersecurity; and ‘‘(B) a modernized description of cybersecurity careers.’’. (b) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this sec-tion, or an amendment made by this section, shall affect any agreement, scholarship, loan, or repayment, under section 302 of the Cybersecu-rity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7442), in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this subtitle. 
SEC. 1664. CYBERSECURITY TEACHING. 
Section 10(i) of the National Science Founda-tion Authorization Act of 2002 (42 U.S.C. 1862n– 1(i)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (5) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(5) the term ‘mathematics and science teach-er’ means a science, technology, engineering, mathematics, or computer science, including cy-bersecurity, teacher at the elementary school or secondary school level;’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (7) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(7) the term ‘science, technology, engineer-ing, or mathematics professional’ means an indi-vidual who holds a baccalaureate, master’s, or doctoral degree in science, technology, engineer-ing, mathematics, or computer science, including cybersecurity, and is working in or had a career in such field or a related area; and’’. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 2001. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECI-FIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER F
IVEYEARS.—Except as provided in subsection (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2022; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for military construction for fis-cal year 2023. (b) EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military construc-tion projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security In-vestment Program (and authorizations of appro-priations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2022; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act au-thorizing funds for fiscal year 2023 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Secu-rity Investment Program. (c) E
XTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF FISCAL  Y
EAR2016 ANDFISCAL YEAR2017 P ROJECTS .— (1) F
ISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECTS .—Section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1145) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (2) F
ISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECTS .—Section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 129 Stat. 1145) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’. 
SEC. 2003. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2017; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army: Inside the United States State Installation Amount 
Alabama .............................................. Fort Rucker ............................................................... ................................................... $38,000,000 
Arizona ................................................ Davis-Monthan Air Force Base ............................................ ......................................... $22,000,000 
Fort Huachuca ............................................................................................................. $30,0 00,000 
California ............................................ Fort Irwin ............................................................... ..................................................... $3,000,000 
Colorado .............................................. Fort Carson .............................................................. .................................................... $29,300,000 
Florida ................................................. Eglin Air Force Base ................................................... .................................................. $18,000,000 
Georgia ................................................ Fort Benning ............................................................ .................................................... $38,800,000 
Fort Gordon ................................................................................................................. $51 ,500,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Pohakuloa Training Area ................................................. ............................................. $25,000,000 
Indiana ................................................ Crane Army Ammunition Plant ............................................. ........................................ $24,000,000 
New York ............................................. United States Military Academy ............................................ ........................................ $22,000,000 
South Carolina ..................................... Fort Jackson ................................................................ ................................................. $60,000,000 
Shaw Air Force Base ..................................................................................................... $25,000 ,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5978 September 25, 2017 
Army: Inside the United States—Continued State Installation Amount 
Texas ................................................... Camp Bullis ............................................................ ...................................................... $13,600,000 
Fort Hood ..................................................................................................................... $ 70,000,000 
Virginia ............................................... Joint Base Langley-Eustis ............................................... .............................................. $34,000,000 
Joint Base Myer-Henderson ........................................................................................... $20,000,000  
Washington .......................................... Yakima ..................................................................... ................................................... $19,500,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction project for the instal-lations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army: Outside the United States Country Installation Amount 
Germany ..................................................... Stuttgart .......................................................... ..................................................... $40,000,000 
Weisbaden ............................................................................................................. $43,000,0 00 
Korea .......................................................... Kunsan Air Base ................................................. .................................................. $53,000,000 
Turkey ........................................................ Various Locations ................................................ .................................................. $6,400,000 
(c) C ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN  P
ROJECTS .—The Secretary of the Army may not exercise the authority provided under subsection (a) with respect to the Fort Rucker, Alabama, or the Fort Benning, Georgia, projects set forth in the table under such subsection unless the Sec-retary of Defense, without delegation, certifies to the congressional defense committees that such project is essential for Army training. 
SEC. 2102. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-lations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: Army: Family Housing State/Country Installation or Location Units Amount 
Georgia ................................ Fort Gordon ........................................................................ Famil y Housing New Construction $6,100,000 
Germany .............................. South Camp Vilseck ............................................................. Family Hous ing New Construction $22,445,000 
Korea .................................. Camp Humphreys ................................................................ Family Hou sing New Construction $34,402,000 
Massachusetts Natick ................................................................................. Family Housing Replacement  Con-struction $21,000,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $33,559,000. 
SEC. 2103. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, ARMY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2017, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2104. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 986) for Joint Base Lewis-McChord, Washington, for construction of an airfield operations complex, the Secretary of the Army may construct stand-by generator capacity of 1,000 kilowatts. 
SEC. 2105. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2101(a) of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3670) for Fort Shafter, Hawaii, for construction of a command and control facility, the Secretary of the Army may construct 15 megawatts of redun-dant power generation for a total project amount of $370,000,000. SEC. 2106. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sec-tion 2101 of that Act (127 Stat. 986), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for mili-tary construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations Country Location Project Amount 
Japan ............................ Kyoga-Misaki ......................... Company Operations Complex ............................... ................. $33,000,000 
SEC. 2107. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (128 Stat. 3670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
California ...................... Military Ocean Terminal Con-cord.Access Control Point .............................................................. $9,900,000 
Hawaii .......................... Fort Shafter ............................ Command and Control Facility (SCIF) .................... ................ $370,000,000 
Japan ............................ Kadena Air Base ..................... Missile Magazine .......................................... ......................... $10,600,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5979 September 25, 2017 
Army: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations —Continued State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Texas ............................. Fort Hood ............................... Simulation Center .................................... .............................. $46,000,000 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Arizona ................................................ Yuma .................................................................... ....................................................... $36,358,000 
California ............................................. Barstow ................................................................. ...................................................... $36,539,000 
Camp Pendleton ........................................................................................................... $61,13 9,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $3 6,000,000 
Lemoore ....................................................................................................................... $ 60,828,000 
Miramar ....................................................................................................................... $ 87,174,000 
San Diego ..................................................................................................................... $ 108,000,000 
Twentynine Palms ........................................................................................................ $55,099 ,000 
Florida ................................................. Mayport ................................................................ ....................................................... $194,818,000 
Georgia ................................................ Albany .................................................................. ....................................................... $43,308,000 
Hawaii ................................................. Kaneohe Bay ............................................................. ................................................... $45,512,000 
............................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .................................... ................................................ $73,200,000 
Wahiawa ...................................................................................................................... $6 5,864,000 
Maine .................................................. Kittery ................................................................. ........................................................ $61,692,000 
North Carolina ..................................... Camp Lejeune ................................................................ ............................................... $168,059,000 
Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Station .......................................................................... $15,671,000 
Virginia ............................................... Dam Neck ................................................................ ..................................................... $29,262,000 
Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Story ................................................................... $2,596,000 
Portsmouth ................................................................................................................... $7 2,990,000 
Quantico ...................................................................................................................... $ 23,738,000 
Yorktown ..................................................................................................................... $3 6,358,000 
Washington .......................................... Indian Island .............................................................. ................................................. $44,440,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tion or location outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Navy: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Djibouti .................................................... Camp Lemonier ...................................................... .................................................... $13,390,000 
Greece ...................................................... Souda Bay .......................................................... ...................................................... $22,045,000 
Guam ....................................................... Joint Region Marianas ............................................... ................................................ $284,679,000 
Japan ....................................................... Iwakuni ............................................................ ........................................................ $21,86,000 
SEC. 2202. FAMILY HOUSING. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or ac-quire family housing units (including land ac-quisition and supporting facilities) at the instal-lation or location, in the number of units, and in the amount set forth in the following table: Navy: Family Housing State Installation or Location Units Amount 
Bahrain Island ..................... Southwest Asia .................................................................... Constructi on On-Base General and Flag Officers Quarters $2,138,000 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4601, the Sec-retary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction de-sign activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,418,000. 
SEC. 2203. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $36,251,000. SEC. 2204. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NAVY. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2017, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2205. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (127 Stat. 989) and ex-tended by section 2207 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (di-vision B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2694), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5980 September 25, 2017 
(b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Navy: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Illinois .................................................. Great Lakes ........................................... Unaccompanied H ousing ........................ $35,851,000 
Nevada .................................................. Fallon ................................................... Wastewater Tre atment Plant .................. $11,334,000 
Virginia ................................................. Quantico ............................................... Fuller Road Imp rovements ...................... $9,013,000 
SEC. 2206. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2201 of that Act (128 Stat. 3675), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Navy: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Amount 
District of Columbia .............................. NSA Washington .................................... Electronics Science and Tec hnology Lab .. $37,882,000 
Maryland ............................................... Indian Head .......................................... Advanced Energetics  Research Lab Com-plex Phase 2 ........................................ $15,346,000 
TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Alaska .......................................................................... Eielson Air Force Base ......................... ............................................. $168,900,000 
Arkansas ....................................................................... Little Rock Air Force Base ...................... .......................................... $20,000,000 
Colorado ....................................................................... Buckley Air Force Base .......................... ........................................... $38,000,000 
Fort Carson ...................................................................................... $13,000,000 
U.S. Air Force Academy .................................................................... $30,000,000 
Florida .......................................................................... Eglin Air Force Base .......................... ............................................... $90,700,000 
MacDill Air Force Base ..................................................................... $8,100,000 
Tyndall Air Force Base ..................................................................... $17,000,000 
Georgia ......................................................................... Robins Air Force Base .......................... ............................................. $9,800,000 
Kansas .......................................................................... McConnell Air Force Base ....................... .......................................... $17,500,000 
Maryland ...................................................................... Joint Base Andrews ............................... ............................................ $271,500,000 
Nevada ......................................................................... Nellis Air Force Base ........................... .............................................. $61,000,000 
New Mexico ................................................................... Cannon Air Force Base ............................. ........................................ $42,000,000 
Holloman Air Force Base ................................................................... $4,250,000 
Kirtland Air Force Base .................................................................... $9,300,000 
North Dakota ............................................................... Minot Air Force Base ................................ ........................................ $27,000,000 
Ohio ............................................................................. Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ............... ........................................ $6,800,000 
Oklahoma ..................................................................... Altus Air Force Base .............................. ........................................... $20,900,000 
Texas ............................................................................ Joint Base San Antonio ........................ ............................................. $156,630,000 
Utah ............................................................................. Hill Air Force Base ........................... ................................................ $28,000,000 
Wyoming ....................................................................... F.E. Warren Air Force Base ....................... ....................................... $62,000,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tion or location outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air Force: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Australia ....................................................................... Darwin ......................................... .................................................... $76,000,000 
Italy ............................................................................. Aviano Air Base .............................. .................................................. $27,325,000 
Qatar ............................................................................ Al Udeid ...................................... ..................................................... $15,000,000 
Turkey .......................................................................... Incirlik Air Base .............................. ................................................. $25,997,000 
United Kingdom ............................................................ RAF Fairford ......................................... .......................................... $45,650,000 
RAF Lakenheath .............................................................................. $136,992,000 
Worldwide Unspecified ................................................... Unspecified Worldwide Locations ........................ .............................. $325,390,000 
SEC. 2302. FAMILY HOUSING. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family hous-ing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,445,000. 
SEC. 2303. IMPROVEMENTS TO MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $80,617,000. SEC. 2304. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, AIR FORCE. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5981 September 25, 2017 
2017, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) L
IMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECTS. 
(a) H ANSCOM AIRFORCE BASE.—In the case of the authorization contained in the table in sec-tion 2301(a) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2696) for Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts, for construction of a gate complex at the installa-tion, the Secretary of the Air Force may con-struct a visitor control center of 187 square me-ters, a traffic check house of 294 square meters, and an emergency power generator system and transfer switch consistent with the Air Force’s construction guidelines. (b) MARIANA ISLANDS .—In the case of the au-thorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Pub-lic Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2697) for acquiring 142 hectares of land at an unspecified location in the Mariana Islands, the Secretary of the Air Force may purchase 142 hectares of land on Tinian in the Northern Mariana Islands for a cost of $21,900,000. (c) C
HABELLEY AIRFIELD .—In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2902 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2743) for Chabelley Air-field, Djibouti, for construction of a parking apron and taxiway at that location, the Sec-retary of the Air Force may construct 20,490 square meters of taxiway and apron, 8,230 square meters of paved shoulders, 10,650 square meters of hangar pads, and 3,900 square meters of cargo apron. (d) SCOTT AIRFORCE BASE.—The table in sec-tion 4601 of the Military Construction Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2877) is amended in the item relating to Scott Air Force Base, Illi-nois, by striking ‘‘Consolidated Corrosion Facil-ity add/alter’’ in the project title column and in-serting ‘‘Consolidated Communication Facility add/alter’’. 
SEC. 2306. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2301 of that Act (128 Stat. 3679), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Air Force: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations State or Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Alaska ...................................... Clear Air Force Station ....................................... Emergency Power Plant  Fuel Storage .......... $11,500,000 
Oklahoma ................................. Tinker Air Force Base ......................................... KC–46 Two-Bay Maintenanc e Hangar ......... $63,000,000 
TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects in-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4601, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
California .............................................. Camp Pendleton ......................................................... .................................................. $43,642,000 
Coronado ..................................................................................................................... $2 58,735,000 
Colorado ................................................ Schriever Air Force Base ............................................... ................................................ $10,200,000 
Florida .................................................. Eglin Air Force Base .................................................. .................................................. $9,100,000 
Hurlburt Field .............................................................................................................. $46 ,400,000 
Georgia .................................................. Fort Gordon ........................................................... ...................................................... $10,350,000 
Hawaii ................................................... Kunia ................................................................. ......................................................... $5,000,000 
Missouri ................................................. Fort Leonard Wood ..................................................... ................................................. $261,941,000 
St. Louis ...................................................................................................................... $381,000,000 
New Mexico ............................................ Cannon Air Force Base .................................................... ............................................. $8,228,000 
North Carolina ...................................... Camp Lejeune ............................................................... ............................................... $90,039,000 
Fort Bragg ................................................................................................................... $5 7,778,000 
Seymour Johnson Air Force Base .................................................................................. $20,000,000 
South Carolina ....................................... Shaw Air Force Base ....................................................... ............................................. $22,900,000 
Texas ..................................................... Fort Bliss ........................................................... .......................................................... $8,300,000 
Utah ..................................................... Hill Air Force Base ................................................... .................................................... $20,000,000 
Virginia ................................................. Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek - Story ......................... ....................................... $23,000,000 
Norfolk ........................................................................................................................ $18,500,000 
Pentagon ..................................................................................................................... $5 0,100,000 
Portsmouth .................................................................................................................. $22 ,500,000 
Worldwide Unspecified ........................... Unspecified Worldwide Locations ................................................ .................................. $64,364,000 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the author-ization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects out-side the United States as specified in the fund-ing table in section 3002, the Secretary of De-fense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installa-tions or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Defense Agencies: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Germany ......................................... Spangdahlem Air Base ........................................................... ......................................... $79,141,000 
Stuttgart ...................................................................................................................... .. $46,609,000 
Greece ............................................. Souda Bay ................................................................... ................................................... $18,100,000 
Guam ............................................. Andersen Air Force Base ....................................................... .......................................... $23,900,000 
Italy ............................................... Sigonella .................................................................. ...................................................... $22,400,000 
Vicenza ........................................................................................................................ .. $62,406,000 
Japan ............................................. Iwakuni ...................................................................... ................................................... $30,800,000 
Kadena Air Base ............................................................................................................. $27 ,573,000 
Okinawa ........................................................................................................................ $11,900,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5982 September 25, 2017 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States —Continued Country Installation or Location Amount 
Sasebo ......................................................................................................................... ... $45,600,000 
Torii Commo Station ....................................................................................................... $25,3 23,000 
Puerto Rico ..................................... Punta Borinquen ................................................................ ............................................ $61,071,000 
United Kingdom .............................. Menwith Hill Station ............................................................... ....................................... $11,000,000 
SEC. 2402. AUTHORIZED ENERGY CONSERVATION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, in the amount set forth in the table. 
SEC. 2403. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, DEFENSE AGENCIES. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2017, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC -
TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost vari-ations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost vari-ation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as spec-ified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2404. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization in the table in section 2401(b) of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2700) for Kaiserslautern, Ger-many, for construction of the Sembach Elemen-tary/Middle School Replacement, the Secretary of Defense may construct an elementary school. SEC. 2405. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (127 Stat. 995) and ex-tended by section 2406 of the Military Construc-tion Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (di-vision B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2702), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Defense Agencies: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
United Kingdom ........................ RAF Lakenheath ................................................ Lakenheath Middle/High Scho ol Replace-ment ....................................................... $69,638,000 
Virginia .................................... Marine Corps Base Quantico ............................... Quantico Middle/High Schoo l Replacement .. $40,586,000 
Pentagon ............................................................ PFPA Support Operations Center ............... $14,800,000 
SEC. 2406. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (128 Stat. 3681), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Defense Agencies: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations State/Country Installation or Location Project Amount 
Australia .................................. Geraldton ........................................................... Combined Communi cations Gateway Geraldton ............................................... $9,600,000 
Belgium .................................... Brussels .............................................................. Brussels Eleme ntary/High School Replace-ment ....................................................... $41,626,000 
Japan ....................................... Okinawa ............................................................ Kubasaki High Sc hool Replacement/Renova-tion ........................................................ $99,420,000 
Sasebo ................................................................ E.J. King High School Replacement/Renova- tion ........................................................ $37,681,000 
Mississippi ................................ Stennis ............................................................... SOF Land Acqui sition Western Maneuver Area ....................................................... $17,224,000 
New Mexico .............................. Cannon Air Force Base ....................................... SOF Squadron Operations Fac ility (STS) .... $23,333,000 
Virginia .................................... Defense Distribution Depot Richmond .................. Replace Access Control Point .. .................... $5,700,000 
Joint Base Langley-Eustis ................................... Hospital Addition/Central Utility Plant Re- placement ............................................... $41,200,000 
Pentagon ............................................................ Redundant Chilled Water Loop ................... $15,100,000 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contribu-tions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organiza-tion Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount au-thorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2017, for contributions by the Sec-retary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North At-lantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Host Country In-kind Contributions SEC. 2511. REPUBLIC OF KOREA FUNDED CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS. 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required in-kind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept military con-struction projects for the installations or loca-tions, and in the amounts, set forth in the fol-lowing table: Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects Country Component Installation or Location Project Amount 
Korea ............................... Army ............................... Camp Humphreys ............. Unaccompanied Enlisted Per- sonnel Housing, Phase 1 ........ $76,000,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5983 September 25, 2017 
Republic of Korea Funded Construction Projects —Continued Country Component Installation or Location Project Amount 
Army ............................... Camp Humphreys ............. Type I Aircraft Parking Apron $10,000,000 
Air Force ......................... Kunsan Air Base .............. Construct Airfield Damage Re- pair Warehouse ..................... $6,500,000 
Air Force ......................... Osan Air Base .................. Main Gate Entry Control Facili- ties ....................................... $13,000,000 
SEC. 2512. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECTS. 
(a) C AMPHUMPHREYS .—In the case of the au-thorization contained in the table in section 2511 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2704) for Camp Hum-phreys, Republic of Korea, for construction of the 8th Army Correctional Facility, the Sec-retary of Defense may construct a level 1 correc-tional facility of 26,000 square feet and a utility and tool storage building of 400 square feet. (b) K–16 A
IRBASE.—In the case of the author-ization contained in the table in section 2511 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2704) for the K–16 Air Base, Re-public of Korea, for renovation of the Special Operations Forces (SOF) Operations Facility, B–606, the Secretary of Defense may renovate an operations administration area of 5,500 square meters. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations SEC. 2601. AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army National Guard State Location Amount 
Delaware .............................................. New Castle ............................................................... .................................................... $36,000,000 
Idaho ................................................... Mission Training Center Gowen .......................................... ........................................... $9,000,000 
Orchard Training Area ................................................................................................. $22,000,0 00 
Iowa .................................................... Camp Dodge ............................................................. .................................................... $8,500,000 
Kansas ................................................. Fort Leavenworth ........................................................ ................................................. $19,000,000 
Maine .................................................. Presque Isle ............................................................ ...................................................... $17,500,000 
Maryland ............................................. Sykesville ................................................................ ..................................................... $19,000,000 
Minnesota ............................................ Arden Hills ............................................................... .................................................... $39,000,000 
Missouri ............................................... Springfield ............................................................. ....................................................... $32,000,000 
New Mexico .......................................... Las Cruces ................................................................. ................................................... $8,600,000 
Virginia ............................................... Fort Belvoir ............................................................ ...................................................... $15,000,000 
Fort Pickett .................................................................................................................. $ 4,550,000 
Washington .......................................... Tumwater ................................................................... .................................................. $31,000,000 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CON-STRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Army Reserve State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Fallbrook ............................................... ...................................................... $36,000,000 
Delaware .............................................................. Newark ................................................... ..................................................... $19,500,000 
Ohio .................................................................... Wright-Patterson Air Force Base ........................ ........................................... $9,100,000 
Puerto Rico .......................................................... Aguadilla ................................................. .................................................... $12,400,000 
Washington .......................................................... Joint Base Lewis-McChord ................................... ......................................... $30,000,000 
Wisconsin ............................................................. Fort McCoy ............................................... ................................................... $13,000,000 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MA-RINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. Lemoore ................................................. ...................................................... $17,330,000 
Georgia ................................................................ Fort Gordon ............................................. .................................................... $17,797,000 
New Jersey ........................................................... Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst .......................... ...................................... $11,573,000 
Texas ................................................................... Fort Worth ............................................. ...................................................... $12,637,000 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air National Guard loca-tions inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5984 September 25, 2017 
Air National Guard State Location Amount 
California ............................................................. March Air Force Base .................................... ............................................... $15,000,000 
Colorado .............................................................. Peterson Air Force Base .................................. .............................................. $8,000,000 
Connecticut .......................................................... Bradley IAP ............................................... .................................................. $7,000,000 
Indiana ................................................................ Hulman Regional Airport ................................. ............................................. $8,000,000 
Kentucky ............................................................. Louisville IAP ............................................ .................................................. $9,000,000 
Mississippi ............................................................ Jackson International Airport ........................... ............................................ $8,000,000 
Missouri ............................................................... Rosecrans Memorial Airport .............................. ............................................ $10,000,000 
New York ............................................................. Hancock Field ............................................. ................................................. $6,800,000 
Ohio .................................................................... Toledo Express Airport ................................. ................................................. $15,000,000 
Oklahoma ............................................................ Tulsa International Airport ................................ ........................................... $8,000,000 
Oregon ................................................................. Klamath Falls IAP ....................................... ................................................. $18,500,000 
South Dakota ....................................................... Joe Foss Field .............................................. ................................................. $12,000,000 
Tennessee ............................................................. McGhee-Tyson Airport ..................................... ............................................. $25,000,000 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISI-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) L OCATIONS INSIDE THE UNITED STATES .— Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air Force Reserve: Inside the United States State Location Amount 
Florida ................................................................ Patrick Air Force Base .................................. ................................................ $25,000,000 
Georgia ................................................................ Robins Air Force Base ................................... ................................................ $32,000,000 
Hawaii ................................................................. Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam .......................... .......................................... $5,500,000 
Utah .................................................................... Hill Air Force Base .................................... ................................................... $3,100,000 
Massachusetts ...................................................... Westover Air Reserve Base ................................... ......................................... $61,100,000 
Minnesota ............................................................ Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport ................ ................................... $9,000,000 
North Carolina ..................................................... Seymour Johnson Air Force Base .............................. ..................................... $6,400,000 
Texas ................................................................... Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth ........ ................................... $3,100,000 
(b) L OCATIONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .— Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Re-serve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construc-tion projects for the Air Force Reserve location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force Reserve: Outside the United States 
Country Location Amount 
Guam .................................................................. Joint Region Marianas .................................... .............................................. $5,200,000 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2017, for the costs of acquisition, ar-chitectural and engineering services, and con-struction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (in-cluding the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2602 of the Military Con-struction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3688) for Starkville, Mississippi, for construction of an Army Reserve Center at that location, the Sec-retary of the Army may acquire approximately fifteen acres (653,400 square feet) of land. SEC. 2612. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 985), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2602, 2604, and 2605 of that Act (127 Stat. 1001, 1002), shall remain in effect until Oc-tober 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: National Guard and Reserve: Extension of 2014 Project Authorizations State Installation or Location Project Amount 
Florida ..................................... Homestead Air Reserve Base ................................ Entry Control Complex .... ........................... $9,800,000 
Maryland ................................. Fort Meade ......................................................... 175th Network Warfa re Squadron Facility ... $4,000,000 
New York ................................. Bullville ............................................................. Army Reserve Cen ter .................................. $14,500,000 
SEC. 2613. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in sections 2602 and 2604 of that Act (128 Stat. 3688, 3689), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: Army Reserve: Extension of 2015 Project Authorizations State Location Project Amount 
Mississippi ................................ Starkville ............................................................ Army Reserve C enter .................................. $9,300,000 
New Hampshire ......................... Pease International Trade Port ........................... KC–46A ADAL Airfield Pavements a nd Hy- drant Systems ......................................... $7,100,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5985 September 25, 2017 
TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLO-SURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2017, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as author-ized by the Defense Base Closure and Realign-ment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Clo-sure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4601. 
SEC. 2702. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDI-TIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to au-thorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Changes 
SEC. 2801. AUTHORITY TO USE EXPIRING FUNDS FOR CERTAIN MILITARY CONSTRUC-TION PROJECTS. 
(a) A RMYAUTHORITY TO PURCHASE PROPERTY  
FOREXPANSION OF CEMETERIES .—Subchapter I of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2815. Army authority to use expiring funds to purchase property for expansion of ceme-teries ‘‘Of funds appropriated after the date of the enactment of this Act for the Army that remain unobligated and are due to expire at the end of the fiscal year, up to $10,000,000 may be avail-able for the Secretary of the Army for the fol-lowing fiscal year to purchase public or private property for the sole purpose of long-term ex-pansion of cemeteries under the jurisdiction of the Secretary.’’. (b) N
AVYAUTHORITY TOPURCHASE PROPERTY  
FORENHANCING INSTALLATION SECURITY .—Sub- chapter I of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2816. Navy authority to use expiring funds to purchase property for enhancing instal-lation security ‘‘Of funds appropriated after the date of the enactment of this Act for the Navy that remain unobligated and are due to expire at the end of the fiscal year, up to $10,000,000 may be avail-able for the Secretary of the Navy for the fol-lowing fiscal year to purchase public or private property that is otherwise in an area sur-rounded by a military installation under the ju-risdiction of the Secretary of the Navy for the purpose of enhancing the security of the instal-lation.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2814 the following new items: ‘‘2815. Army authority to use expiring funds to purchase property for expansion of cemeteries. ‘‘2816. Navy authority to use expiring funds to purchase property for enhancing installation security.’’. SEC. 2802. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CON-STRUCTION PROJECTS IN CERTAIN AREAS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construction Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2804 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (b) L
IMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub- section (c)(1) of such section 2808 is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’; (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and insert-ing ‘‘December 31, 2018’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2803. AUTHORIZED COST INCREASES. 
Section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘by not more than 10 percent’’ after ‘‘may be in-creased’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘limitation on cost variations’’ and inserting ‘‘limitation on cost decreases’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘case of a cost increase or a re-duction’’ and inserting ‘‘case of a reduction’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘cost increase or reduction in scope, the reasons therefor,’’ and inserting ‘‘re-duction in scope, the reasons therefor, and’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, and a description of the funds proposed to be used to finance any in-creased costs’’. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration 
SEC. 2811. AUTHORITY TO USE ENERGY COST SAV-INGS FOR ENERGY RESILIENCE, MIS-SION ASSURANCE, AND WEATHER DAMAGE REPAIR AND PREVENTION MEASURES. 
Section 2912(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘energy conserva-tion and’’ and inserting ‘‘energy resilience, mis-sion assurance, weather damage repair and pre-vention, energy conservation, and’’. 
SEC. 2812. MODIFICATION OF UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECT AUTHORITY TO COVER CORRECTION OF DEFICIENCIES THAT ARE THREATS TO INSTALLA-TION RESILIENCE. 
Section 2805(a)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or safety-threat-ening’’ and inserting ‘‘safety-threatening, or a threat to the military mission and installation’s resilience’’. 
SEC. 2813. LAND EXCHANGE VALUATION OF PROPERTY WITH REDUCED DEVEL-OPMENT THAT LIMITS ENCROACH-MENT ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 159 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2698. Land exchange valuation of property with reduced development that limits en-croachment on military installations ‘‘For purposes of calculating the fair market value of a parcel of real property to be conveyed to the Department of Defense as part of a land exchange, any reduction in value of the real property due to voluntary actions taken by the public or private owner of such property to limit encroachment on a military installation or oth-erwise limit development shall not be taken into account.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of such chapter is amend-ed by inserting after the item relating to section 2697 the following new item: ‘‘2698. Land exchange valuation of property with reduced development that limits encroachment on military installations.’’. 
SEC. 2814. ACCESS TO MILITARY INSTALLATIONS BY TRANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANIES. 
Section 346 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘
AND 
TRANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANIES ’’ after ‘‘
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES ’’; (2) in subsections (b), (c), and (d), by inserting ‘‘or transportation network company’’ after ‘‘transportation company’’ each places it ap-pears; (3) in subsection (b)(7), by inserting ‘‘and transportation network companies’’ after ‘‘transportation companies’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (3); (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) T
RANSPORTATION COMPANY .—The term ‘transportation company’ means a corporation, partnership, sole proprietorship, or other entity outside of the Department of Defense that pro-vides a commercial transportation service to a rider. ‘‘(2) T
RANSPORTATION NETWORK COMPANY .— The term ‘transportation network company’— ‘‘(A) means a corporation, partnership, sole proprietorship, or other entity, that uses a dig-ital network to connect riders to covered drivers in order for the driver to transport the rider using a vehicle owned, leased, or otherwise au-thorized for use by the driver to a point chosen by the rider; and ‘‘(B) does not include a shared-expense car-pool or vanpool arrangement that is not in-tended to generate profit for the driver.’’; and (C) in subparagraph (A)(i) of paragraph (3), as redesignated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by inserting ‘‘or transportation net-work company’’ after ‘‘transportation com-pany’’. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2821. LAND CONVEYANCE, NATICK SOLDIER SYSTEMS CENTER, MASSACHUSETTS. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Army may convey all right, title, and in-terest of the United States in and to parcels of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 98 acres located in the vicinity of Hudson, Wayland, and Needham, Massachusetts, that are the sites of military family housing supporting military personnel assigned to the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Sys-tems Center. (b) C
OMPETITIVE SALE REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall use competitive procedures for the conveyance authorized under subsection (a). (c) C
ONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require as consideration for the convey-ance under subsection (a), whether by in-kind consideration, or a combination of cash and in- kind consideration, an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the conveyed property, as determined pursuant to an ap-praisal acceptable to the Secretary. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—As determined by the Sec-retary, in-kind consideration under paragraph (1) shall include— (i) demolition of existing military family hous-ing on the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Systems Center (other than housing on property con-veyed under subsection (a)) that the Secretary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5986 September 25, 2017 
determines necessary to accommodate construc-tion of military family housing or unaccom-panied soldier housing to support military per-sonnel assigned to the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Systems Center; (ii) construction or renovation of military fam-ily housing or unaccompanied soldier housing, other than general officer housing, to support military personnel assigned to the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Systems Center; or (iii) construction of ancillary supporting fa-cilities (as that term is defined in section 2871(1) of title 10, United States Code) to support mili-tary personnel assigned to the U.S. Army Natick Soldier Systems Center. (B) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION EXCEEDING  
$1,000,000.—If the value of in-kind consideration to be provided under this subsection exceeds $1,000,000, the Secretary may not accept such consideration until 21 days after the date the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the decision of the Secretary to accept in-kind consideration in excess of that amount. (3) C
ASH PAYMENTS .— (A) C
ASH PAYMENTS DEPOSITED IN A SPECIAL  
ACCOUNT .—Cash payments provided as consider-ation under this subsection shall be deposited in a special account in the Treasury established for the Secretary. (B) U
SE OF FUNDS IN SPECIAL ACCOUNT .—The Secretary is authorized to use funds deposited in the special account established under subpara-graph (A) for— (i) demolition of existing military family hous-ing; or (ii) construction or renovation of military fam-ily housing or unaccompanied soldier housing to support military personnel. (C) C
ASH CONSIDERATION NOT USED PRIOR TO  
OCTOBER 1 , 2022.—Cash payments provided as consideration under this subsection that are re-ceived by the Secretary and not used by the Sec-retary for purposes authorized by subparagraph (B) prior to October, 1, 2022, shall be transferred to an account in the Treasury established pur-suant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the party to whom property is conveyed under subsection (a) (in this section referred to as the ‘‘purchaser’’) to cover all costs to be in-curred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Sec-retary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, in-cluding survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the purchaser in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually in-curred by the Secretary to carry out the convey-ance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the purchaser. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Sec-retary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PARCELS .—The exact acre-age and legal description of the parcels to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey that is satisfactory to the Secretary. The cost of the survey shall be borne by the purchaser. (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the convey-ance under subsection (a) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect the interest of the United States. (g) APPLICATION OF OTHER LAWS.—The con- veyance of property under this section shall not be subject to— (1) section 501 of the McKinney-Vento Home-less Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411); and (2) subtitle I of title 40, and division C (except section 3302, 3501(b), 3509, 3906, 4710, and 4711) of subtitle I of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 2822. LAND CONVEYANCE, ARMY AND AIR FORCE EXCHANGE SERVICE PROP-ERTY, DALLAS, TEXAS. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may authorize the Army and Air Force Exchange Service, a nonappropriated fund instrumentality of the United States, to sell and convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 7.857 acres located at 8901 Autobahn Drive, Dallas, Texas. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the purchaser shall pay the United States, in a single lump sum payment, an amount equal to the fair mar-ket value of the real property, as determined pursuant to an appraisal acceptable to the Sec-retary. (c) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION .—Section 574(a) of title 40, United States Code, shall apply to the consideration received under sub-section (b). (d) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. The cost of the survey shall be borne by the pur-chaser. (e) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the convey-ance under subsection (a) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS  
OFLAW.—The conveyance of property under this section shall not be subject to section 2696 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2823. LAND CONVEYANCES, CERTAIN FORMER PEACEKEEPER ICBM FA-CILITIES IN WYOMING. 
(a) C ONVEYANCES AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Air Force may convey, without consideration, to the Wyoming Department of State Parks and Cultural Resources (in this sec-tion referred to the as the ‘‘Department’’) all right, title and interest of the United States in and to parcels of real property, together with any improvements thereon, consisting of the missile alert facility and launch control center at the Quebec #1 Missile Alert Facility for the Peacekeeper ICBM facilities of the 190 Missile Group at F.E. Warren Air Force Base, Wyo-ming, for the purpose of establishing a historical site allowing for the preservation, protection, and interpretation of the facilities. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall con-sult with the Secretary of State and the Sec-retary of Defense in order to ensure that the conveyances required in subsection (a) are car-ried out in accordance with applicable treaties. (c) C
OMPLIANCE WITH TREATY AND PRO-
GRAMMATIC AGREEMENT .—The land conveyance under subsection (a) will enable the United States Air Force to comply with the terms of the Programmatic Agreement Between Francis E. Warren Air Force Base, And The Wyoming State Historic Preservation Officer, Regarding The Implementation Of The Strategic Arms Re-duction Treaty. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall require the Department to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reim-burse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the convey-ance. If amounts are collected from the Depart-ment in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Department. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) shall be credited to the fund or ac-count that was used to cover those costs in-curred by the Secretary in carrying out the con-veyance or, if such fund or account has expired at the time of credit, to an appropriate appro-priation, fund, or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the ex-penses were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be deter-mined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (f) E
NVIRONMENTAL CONCERNS .—The United States Air Force shall retain liability for all en-vironmental closure and reclamation obligations that exist as of the date of the conveyance under subsection (a). (g) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONSIDER -
ATIONS .—The Secretary may require such addi-tional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Sec-retary considers appropriate to protect the inter-ests of the United States. 
SEC. 2824. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVAL INDUSTRIAL ORDNANCE RESERVE PLANT, SUNNY-VALE, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy (‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to an entity (‘‘Exchange Entity’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, comprising the Naval Industrial Re-serve Ordnance Plant (NIROP) located in Sunnyvale, California in exchange for property interests that meet the readiness requirements of the Department of the Navy, as determined by the Secretary. (b) L
AND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT .—Exchange of the real property identified in subsection (a) shall be governed by a land exchange agreement that identifies the property interests to be ex-changed pursuant to this section, the time pe-riod in which the exchange will occur, and the roles and responsibilities of the Secretary and the Exchange Entity in effecting the land ex-change. (c) C
OVENANTS AND RESTRICTIONS .—The con- veyance under subsection (a) shall be subject to the condition that the Exchange Entity accepts the NIROP real property with the covenants, re-strictions, and other clauses required by section 120(h) of the Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9620(h)). (d) V
ALUATION .—The value of the property in-terests to be exchanged by the Secretary and the Exchange Entity pursuant to this section shall be determined— (1) by an independent appraiser selected by the Secretary; and (2) in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions and the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice. (e) C
ASHEQUALIZATION PAYMENT .— (1) E
QUALIZATION REQUIRED .—If the value of the NIROP property is greater than the value of the Exchange Entity property exchanged under subsection (a), the values shall be equalized through a cash equalization payment from the Exchange Entity to the Department of the Navy. (2) N
O EQUALIZATION REQUIRED .—If the value of the Exchange Entity property exchanged 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5987 September 25, 2017 
under subsection (a) is greater than the value of the NIROP property, the Secretary shall not make a cash equalization payment to equalize the values. (f) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the Exchange Entity to pay costs in-curred by the Department of the Navy to carry out the exchange of property interests pursuant to this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, review of re-placement facilities design, real estate due dili-gence, including appraisals, relocation of activi-ties and facilities from Sunnyvale, California to the replacement facilities, and any other admin-istrative costs related to the exchange of prop-erty interests. If amounts are collected from the Exchange Entity in advance of the Secretary in-curring the actual costs and the amount col-lected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the exchange of property interests, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Exchange Entity. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) above shall be credited and made available to the Sec-retary in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (g) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real prop-erty to be exchanged pursuant to this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary. (h) R
ELATION TO OTHER MILITARY CONSTRUC -
TION REQUIREMENTS .—The acquisition of a fa-cility using the authority provided by this sec-tion shall not be treated as a military construc-tion project for which an authorization is re-quired by section 2802 of title 10, United States Code, or for reporting as required by section 2662 of such title. (i) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF SECTION 2696 OFTITLE 10.—The real property to be exchanged pursu-ant to this section is exempt from the screening process required by subsection 2696(b) of title 10, United States Code. (j) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ASSESSMENT OF FEASI-
BILITY OF TRANSFERRING CERTAIN FUNCTIONS .— The Secretary may not make the conveyance authorized by this section until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of transferring, in whole or in part, functions currently performed at the Naval Industrial Re-serve Ordnance Plant to real property already in the Navy inventory and involved in sup-porting the fleet ballistic missile program. (k) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the exchange authorized by this section as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (l) S
UNSET PROVISION .—The authority pro-vided in this section shall expire on October 1, 2021. 
SEC. 2825. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVAL AIR STATION CORPUS CHRISTI, TEXAS. 
(a) L AND EXCHANGE AUTHORIZED .—The Sec- retary of the Navy (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may convey to the City of Cor-pus Christi, Texas (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real prop-erty, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 44 acres known as the Peary Place Transmitter Site in Nueces County associ-ated with Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, Texas. (b) C
ONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the City shall convey to the Secretary its real property inter-ests either adjacent or proximate, and causing an encroachment concern as determined by the Secretary, to Naval Air Station Corpus Christi, Naval Outlying Landing Field Waldron and Naval Outlying Landing Field Cabaniss. (c) LAND EXCHANGE AGREEMENT .—The Sec- retary and the City may enter into a land ex-change agreement to implement this section. (d) V
ALUATION .—The value of each property interest to be exchanged by the Secretary and the City described in subsections (a) and (b) shall be determined— (1) by an independent appraiser selected by the Secretary; and (2) in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions and the Uniform Standards of Professional Ap-praisal Practice. (e) C
ASHEQUALIZATION PAYMENTS .— (1) T
O THE SECRETARY .—If the value of the property interests described in subsection (a) is greater than the value of the property interests described in subsection (b), the values shall be equalized through a cash equalization payment from the City to the Department of the Navy. (2) N
O EQUALIZATION .—If the value of the property interests described in subsection (b) is greater than the value of the property interests described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall not make a cash equalization payment to equal-ize the values. (f) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the City to pay costs to be incurred by the Secretary to carry out the exchange of prop-erty interests under this section, including those costs related to land survey, environmental doc-umentation, real estate due diligence such as appraisals, and any other administrative costs related to the exchange of property interests to include costs incurred preparing and executing the land exchange agreement authorized under subsection (c). If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the exchange of property interests, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under para-graph (1) above shall be used in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (g) D
ESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property in-terests to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Sec-retary. (h) C
ONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of real property interests under this section shall be accomplished using an appropriate legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the City, including such additional terms and con-ditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (i) E
XEMPTION FROM SCREENING REQUIRE -
MENTS FOR ADDITIONAL FEDERAL USE.—The au- thority under this section is exempt from the screening process required under section 2696(b) of title 10, United States Code. (j) S
UNSET PROVISION .—The authority under this section shall expire on October 1, 2019, un-less the Secretary and the City have signed a land exchange agreement described in sub-section (c). Subtitle D—Project Management and Oversight Reforms 
SEC. 2831. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN COST OVERRUNS AND SCHEDULE DELAYS. 
Section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (g); (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the fol-lowing new subsection: ‘‘(f) The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any military construction project or military family housing project that has a cost overrun or schedule delay of 25 percent or more. The notification shall be cosigned by the Chief of Engineers or the Commander of the Naval Facilities Engi-neering Command, and shall describe the spe-cific reasons for the cost increase or schedule delay, the specific organizations and individuals responsible, and the actions taken to hold the organizations and individuals accountable. The Comptroller General of the United States shall review the notification and validate or correct as necessary the information provided.’’; and (3) in subsection (g), as redesignated by para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘subsections (a) through (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) through (f)’’. SEC. 2832. LIMITED AUTHORITY FOR PRIVATE SECTOR SUPERVISION OF MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN EVENT OF EXTENSIVE COST OVER-RUNS OR PROJECT DELAYS. 
Section 2851(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Each contract’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided under paragraph (2), each contract’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph ‘‘(2) The Secretary of Defense may arrange for private sector direction and supervision of con-tracts otherwise subject to the direction and su-pervision of the Chief of Engineers or the Com-mander of the Naval Facilities Engineering Command under paragraph (1) if, during the most recent fiscal year for which data is avail-able, the Chief of Engineers or the Commander of the Naval Facilities Engineering Command had cost overruns or project delays of 5 percent or more on at least 10 percent of the contracts for which it was responsible for directing and supervising.’’. 
SEC. 2833. ANNUAL REPORT ON COST OVERRUNS AND SCHEDULE DELAYS. 
Section 2851 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A
NNUAL REPORT ON COSTOVERRUNS AND  S
CHEDULE DELAYS .—The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees an annual report on military construc-tion projects and military family housing projects that had cost overruns or schedule delays of 5 percent or more.’’. 
SEC. 2834. REPORT ON DESIGN ERRORS AND OMISSIONS RELATED TO FORT BLISS HOSPITAL REPLACEMENT PROJECT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on design errors and omissions related to the hos-pital replacement project at Fort Bliss, Texas. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments: (A) Identification of the ‘‘design errors’’ and ‘‘omissions’’ that have been used to explain the $245,000,000, 25 percent cost increase for the re-placement project. (B) Identification by name of any organiza-tion responsible for such design errors or omis-sions. (C) Identification by name of any individual responsible for such design errors or omissions. (D) A description of the actions the Secretary of Defense has taken to hold the organizations and individuals referred to in subparagraphs (B) and (C) accountable for such design errors and omissions. (b) L
IMITATION .—Of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available for the hospital re-placement project at Fort Bliss, Texas, $50,000,000 may not be obligated or expended for the project until the Secretary of Defense sub-mits to the congressional defense committees— (1) the report required under subsection (a); and (2) a written certification that sufficient steps have been taken by the Department of Defense to prevent massive cost overruns on such project in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5988 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 2835. REPORT ON COST INCREASE AND DELAY RELATED TO USSTRATCOM COMMAND AND CONTROL FACILITY PROJECT AT OFFUTT AIR FORCE BASE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the 16-month schedule delay and 10 percent cost increase related to the United States Strategic Command command and control facility project at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) Identification by name of any organization responsible for the delay and cost increase. (2) Identification by name of any individual responsible for the delay and cost increase. (3) A description of the actions the Secretary of Defense has taken to hold the organizations and individuals referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) accountable for the delay and cost in-crease. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 2841. ANNUAL DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ENERGY MANAGEMENT REPORTS. 
Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘R
E-
SILIENCY ’’ and inserting ‘‘E NERGY RESILIENCE ’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including progress on energy resilience at military instal-lations according to metrics developed by the Secretary.’’; (3) by amending paragraph (3) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(3) Details of all utility outages impacting energy resilience at military installations (ex-cluding planned outages for maintenance rea-sons), whether caused by on- or off-installation disruptions, including the total number and lo-cation of outage, the duration of the outage, the financial impact of the outage, whether or not the mission was impacted, the mission require-ments associated with disruption tolerances based on risk to mission, the responsible author-ity managing the utility, and measure taken to mitigate the outage by the responsible author-ity.’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (5); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (3) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(4) Details of a military installation’s total energy requirements and critical energy require-ments, and the current energy resilience and emergency backup systems servicing critical en-ergy requirements, including, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) energy resilience and emergency backup system power requirements; ‘‘(B) the critical missions, facility, or facilities serviced; ‘‘(C) system service life; ‘‘(D) capital, operations, maintenance, and testing costs; and ‘‘(E) other information the Secretary deter-mines necessary.’’. 
SEC. 2842. AGGREGATION OF ENERGY EFFI-CIENCY AND ENERGY RESILIENCE PROJECTS IN LIFE CYCLE COST ANALYSES. 
The Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of a military department, when conducting life cycle cost analyses with respect to investments de-signed to lower costs and reduce energy and water consumption, shall aggregate energy effi-ciency projects and energy resilience improve-ments as appropriate. 
SEC. 2843. AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE TO ACCEPT LESSEE IMPROVEMENTS AT AIR FORCE PLANT 42. 
(a) A CCEPTANCE OF LESSEE IMPROVEMENTS AT  A
IRFORCE PLANT 42.—A lease of Air Force Plant 42, in whole or part, may permit the les-see, with the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force, to alter, expand, or otherwise improve the plant or facility as necessary for the devel-opment or production of military weapons sys-tems, munitions, components, or supplies. Such lease may provide, notwithstanding section 2802 of title 10, United States Code, that such alter-ation, expansion or other improvement shall, upon completion, become the property of the Federal Government, regardless of whether such alteration, expansion, or other improvement constitutes all or part of the consideration for the lease pursuant to section 2667(b)(5) of such title or represents a reimbursable cost allocable to any contract, cooperative agreement, grant, or other instrument with respect to activity un-dertaken at Air Force Plant 42. (b) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—When a decision is made to approve a project to which subsection (a) applies costing more than the threshold specified under section 2805(c) of such title, the Secretary of the Air Force shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing of that decision, the justification for the project, and the estimated cost of the project. The Sec-retary may not carry out the project until the end of the 21-day period beginning on the date the congressional defense committees receive such notification or, if earlier, the end of the 14- day period beginning on the date on which a copy of the notification is provided in an elec-tronic medium pursuant to section 480 of such title. 
SEC. 2844. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR KWAJALEIN PROJECT. 
None of the funds authorized to be appro-priated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be made available for a project to con-struct 52 single family homes on Kwajalein Atoll for $1,300,000 each to support 18 active duty military personnel. 
SEC. 2845. ENERGY RESILIENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2911 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ per- formance goals and master plan for ’’ and in- serting ‘‘policy of’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), (d), and (e) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g) respectively; (3) by inserting before subsection (c), as redes-ignated by paragraph (2), the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) G
ENERAL ENERGY POLICY .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall ensure the readiness of the armed forces for their military missions by pursuing energy security and energy resilience. ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITIES .—In order to achieve the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense may— ‘‘(1) require the Secretary of a military depart-ment to establish and maintain an energy resil-ience master plan for an installation; ‘‘(2) authorize the use of energy security and energy resilience as factors in the cost-benefit analysis for procurement of energy; and ‘‘(3) in selecting facility energy projects that will use renewable energy sources, pursue en-ergy security and energy resilience by giving fa-vorable consideration to projects that provide power directly to a military facility or into the installation electrical distribution network.’’; (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated by para-graph (2)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the fu-ture demand for energy, and the requirement for the use of energy’’ after ‘‘energy’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(2) Opportunities to enhance energy resil-ience to ensure the Department of Defense has the ability to prepare for and recover from en-ergy disruptions that impact mission assurance on military installations.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) Opportunities to leverage third-party fi-nancing to address installation energy needs.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 173 is amended by striking the item relating to section 2911 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘2911. Energy policy of the Department of De-fense.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 2914, by striking ‘‘energy resil-iency’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘en-ergy resilience’’; (2) in section 2915— (A) by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (B) in subsection (e)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘2911(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘2911(d)(2)’’; (3) in section 2916(b)(2), by striking ‘‘2911(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘2911(c)’’; (4) in section 2922b(a), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (5) in section 2922f(a), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)’’; (6) in section 2924— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), re-spectively; and (7) in section 2925(a)— (A) by striking ‘‘resiliency’’ and inserting ‘‘energy resilience’’; and (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2911(e)’’ and inserting ‘‘2911(g)’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS FOR ENERGY RESILIENCE AND  E
NERGY SECURITY .—Section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) E
NERGY RESILIENCE .—The term ‘energy resilience’ means the ability to avoid, prepare for, minimize, adapt to, and recover from antici-pated and unanticipated energy disruptions in order to ensure energy availability and reli-ability sufficient to provide for mission assur-ance and readiness, including task critical as-sets and other mission essential operations re-lated to readiness, and to execute or rapidly re-establish mission essential requirements. ‘‘(7) E
NERGY SECURITY .—The term ‘energy se-curity’ means having assured access to reliable supplies of energy and the ability to protect and deliver sufficient energy to meet mission essen-tial requirements.’’. 
SEC. 2846. CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY SECU-RITY AND ENERGY RESILIENCE IN AWARDING ENERGY AND FUEL CON-TRACTS FOR MILITARY INSTALLA-TIONS. 
Section 2922a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Secretary concerned shall prioritize energy security and resilience.’’. 
SEC. 2847. REQUIREMENT TO ADDRESS ENERGY RESILIENCE IN EXERCISING UTILITY SYSTEM CONVEYANCE AUTHORITY. 
Section 2688(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) The Secretary concerned may require in any contract for the conveyance of a utility sys-tem (or part of a utility system) under sub-section (a) that the conveyee manage and oper-ate the utility system in a manner consistent with energy resilience requirements and metrics provided to the conveyee to ensure that the reli-ability of the utility system meets mission re-quirements. ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall include in the installation energy report submitted under section 2925(a) of this title a de-scription of progress in meeting energy resilience metrics for all conveyance contracts entered into pursuant to this section.’’. 
SEC. 2848. IN-KIND LEASE PAYMENTS; PRIORITIZATION OF UTILITY SERV-ICES THAT PROMOTE ENERGY RESIL-IENCE. 
Section 2667(c)(1)(D) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, which shall 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5989 September 25, 2017 
prioritize energy resilience in the event of com-mercial grid outages’’ after ‘‘Secretary con-cerned’’. 
SEC. 2849. DISCLOSURE OF BENEFICIAL OWNER-SHIP BY FOREIGN PERSONS OF HIGH SECURITY SPACE LEASED BY THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF BENEFICIAL OWNER -
SHIP.—Before entering into a lease agreement with a covered entity for accommodation of a military department or Defense Agency in a building (or other improvement) that will be used for high-security leased space, the Depart-ment of Defense shall require the covered entity to— (1) identify each beneficial owner of the cov-ered entity by— (A) name; (B) current residential or business street ad-dress; and (C) in the case of a United States person, a unique identifying number from a nonexpired passport issued by the United States or a non-expired drivers license issued by a State; and (2) disclose to the Department of Defense any beneficial owner of the covered entity that is a foreign person. (b) R
EQUIRED DISCLOSURE .— (1) I
NITIAL DISCLOSURE .—The Secretary of De-fense shall require a covered entity to provide the information required under subsection (a), when first submitting a proposal in response to a solicitation for offers issued by the Depart-ment. (2) U
PDATES .—The Secretary of Defense shall require a covered entity to update a submission of information required under subsection (a) not later than 60 days after the date of any change in— (A) the list of beneficial owners of the covered entity; or (B) the information required to be provided re-lating to each such beneficial owner. (c) P
RECAUTIONS .—If a covered entity dis-closes a foreign person as a beneficial owner of a building (or other improvement) from which the Department of Defense is leasing high-secu-rity leased space, the Department of Defense shall notify the tenant of the space to take ap-propriate security precautions. (d) DEFINITIONS .— (1) B
ENEFICIAL OWNER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term beneficial owner— (i) means, with respect to a covered entity, each natural person who, directly or indi-rectly— (I) exercises control over the covered entity through ownership interests, voting rights, agreements, or otherwise; or (II) has an interest in or receives substantial economic benefits from the assets of the covered entity; and (ii) does not include, with respect to a covered entity— (I) a minor child; (II) a person acting as a nominee, inter-mediary, custodian, or agent on behalf of an-other person; (III) a person acting solely as an employee of the covered entity and whose control over or economic benefits from the covered entity de-rives solely from the employment status of the person; (IV) a person whose only interest in the cov-ered entity is through a right of inheritance, unless the person otherwise meets the definition of ‘‘beneficial owner’’ under this paragraph; and (V) a creditor of the covered entity, unless the creditor otherwise meets the requirements of ‘‘beneficial owner’’ described above. (B) A
NTI-ABUSE RULE .—The exceptions under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall not apply if used for the purpose of evading, circumventing, or abus-ing the requirements of this section. (2) C
OVERED ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered enti-ty’’ means a person, copartnership, corporation, or other public or private entity. (3) F
OREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign per-son’’ means an individual who is not a United States person or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence into the United States. (4) H
IGH-SECURITY LEASED SPACE .—The term ‘‘high-security leased space’’ means a space leased by the Department of Defense that has a security level of III, IV, or V, as determined by the Interagency Security Committee. (5) U
NITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means a natural person who is a citizen of the United States or who owes perma-nent allegiance to the United States. SEC. 2850. ESTABLISHMENT OF A VISITOR SERV-ICES FACILITY ON THE ARLINGTON RIDGE TRACT. 
(a) A RLINGTON RIDGE TRACT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Arlington Ridge tract’’ means the parcel of Federal land located in Ar-lington County, Virginia, known as the ‘‘Nevius Tract’’ and transferred to the Department of the Interior in 1953, that is bounded generally by— (1) Arlington Boulevard (United States Route 50) to the north; (2) Jefferson Davis Highway (Virginia Route 110) to the east; (3) Marshall Drive to the south; and (4) North Meade Street to the west. (b) E
STABLISHMENT OF VISITOR SERVICES FA-
CILITY .—Notwithstanding section 2863(g) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 115 Stat. 1332), the Secretary of the Interior may con-struct a structure for visitor services, including a public restroom facility, on the Arlington Ridge tract in the area of the United States Ma-rine Corps War Memorial. 
SEC. 2851. JOINT USE OF DOBBINS AIR RESERVE BASE, MARIETTA, GEORGIA, WITH CIVIL AVIATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force may enter into an agreement that would provide or permit the joint use of Dobbins Air Reserve Base, Marietta, Georgia, by the Air Force and civil aircraft. (b) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 312 of the National Defense Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 1950) is hereby repealed. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installation outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the fol-lowing table: Army: Outside the United States Country Location Amount 
Cuba .................................................................... Guantanamo Bay ......................................... ................................................ $115,000,000 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUC-TION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military con-struction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: Air Force: Outside the United States Country Location Amount 
Estonia ................................................................ Amari Air Base .......................................... ................................................... $13,900,000 
Hungary .............................................................. Kecskemet Air Base ........................................ ............................................... $55,400,000 
Iceland ................................................................. Keflavik ............................................... ........................................................ $14,400,000 
Jordan ................................................................. Azraq ................................................... ........................................................ $143,000,000 
Latvia .................................................................. Lielvarde Air Base ..................................... ................................................... $3,850,000 
Luxembourg ......................................................... Sanem ....................................................... ................................................... $67,400,000 
Norway ................................................................ Rygge .................................................... ....................................................... $10,300,000 
Romania .............................................................. Campia Turzii ............................................. ................................................. $2,950,000 
Slovakia ............................................................... Malacky ................................................. ...................................................... $24,000,000 
Sliac Airport ................................................................................................. $22,000,000 
Turkey ................................................................. Incirlik Air Base ....................................... .................................................... $22,700,000 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated for fiscal years beginning after Sep-tember 30, 2017, for the military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in sec-tion 4602 and 4603. SEC. 2904. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 4602 of that Act (128 Stat. 3981), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2019, whichever is later. (b) T
ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5990 September 25, 2017 
Extension of 2015 Air Force OCO Project Authorizations Country Installation Project Amount 
Italy ....................................................... Camp Darby .................................. ERI: Improve Weapons St orage Facility. $44,500,000 
Poland ................................................... Lask Air Base ................................ ERI: Improve Support Infr a-structure. $22,400,000 
DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZA-TIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations 
SEC. 3101. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2018 for the activities of the National Nuclear Secu-rity Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Se-curity Administration as follows: Project 18–D–660, Fire Station, Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, $20,400,000. Project 18–D–650, Tritium Production Capa-bility, Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Caro-lina, $9,100,000. Project 18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project, Lawrence Livermore Na-tional Laboratory, Livermore, California, $3,000,000. Project 18–D–670, Exascale Class Computer Cooling Equipment, Los Alamos National Lab-oratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, $22,000,000. Project 18–D–922, BL Component Test Com-plex, Bettis Atomic Power Laboratory, West Mifflin, Pennsylvania, $3,100,000. Project 18–D–921, KS Overhead Piping, Kessel-ring Site, West Milton, New York, $10,716,000. Project 18–D–920, KL Fuel Development Lab-oratory, Knolls Atomic Power Laboratory, Sche-nectady, New York, $1,100,000. 
SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2018 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the fund-ing table in section 4701. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT P
ROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out, for defense environmental cleanup activities, the following new plant projects: Project 18–D–401, Saltstone Disposal Units numbers 8 and 9, Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina, $500,000. Project 18–D–402, Emergency Operations Cen-ter Replacement, Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina, $500,000. Project 18–D–404, Modification of Waste En-capsulation and Storage Facility, Hanford Nu-clear Reservation, Richland, Washington, $6,500,000. 
SEC. 3103. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2018 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
SEC. 3104. NUCLEAR ENERGY. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appro-priated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2018 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations SEC. 3111. ASSESSMENT AND DEVELOPMENT OF PROTOTYPE NUCLEAR WEAPONS OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) S TOCKPILE STEWARDSHIP , M ANAGEMENT , 
AND RESPONSIVENESS PLAN.—Section 4203(d)(1) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (M), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (N), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(O) as required, when assessing and devel-oping prototype nuclear weapons of foreign countries, a report from the directors of the na-tional security laboratories on the need and plan for such assessment and development that includes separate comments on the plan from the Secretary of Energy and the Director of Na-tional Intelligence.’’. (b) S
TOCKPILE RESPONSIVENESS PROGRAM .— Section 4220(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) The retention of the ability, in consulta-tion with the Director of National Intelligence, to assess and develop prototype nuclear weap-ons of foreign countries and, if necessary, to conduct no-yield testing of those prototypes.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4509 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2660) is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the items relating to sec-tions 4508 and 4509. 
SEC. 3112. USE OF FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION AND PROJECT SUPPORT ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MOX FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by sub-section (b), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out construction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility using funds au-thorized to be appropriated by this Act or other-wise made available for fiscal year 2018 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project support activities. (b) W
AIVER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a) to carry out construction and project support activities relat-ing to the MOX facility if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees— (A) the commitment of the Secretary to remove plutonium intended to be disposed of in the MOX facility from South Carolina and ensure a sustainable future for the Savannah River Site; (B) a certification that— (i) an alternative option for carrying out the plutonium disposition program for the same amount of plutonium as the amount of pluto-nium intended to be disposed of in the MOX fa-cility exists, meeting the requirements of the Business Operating Procedure of the National Nuclear Security Administration entitled ‘‘Anal-ysis of Alternatives’’ and dated March 14, 2016 (BOP–03.07); and (ii) the remaining lifecycle cost, determined in a manner consistent with the cost estimating and assessment best practices of the Government Accountability Office, as found in the document of the Government Accountability Office enti-tled ‘‘GAO Cost Estimating and Assessment Guide’’ (GAO–09–3SP), for the alternative op-tion would be less than half of the estimated re-maining lifecycle cost of the mixed-oxide fuel program; and (C) the details of any statutory or regulatory changes necessary to complete the alternative option. (2) ESTIMATES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the estimates used by the Secretary for pur-poses of the certification under paragraph (1)(B) are of comparable accuracy. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) MOX 
FACILITY .—The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the mixed-oxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Caro-lina. (2) P
ROJECT SUPPORT ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, long-lead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. 
SEC. 3113. REPEAL, CONSOLIDATION, AND MODI-FICATION OF REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) R EPEAL OF ANNUAL REPORT ON STATUS OF  N
UCLEAR MATERIALS PROTECTION , C ONTROL , 
ANDACCOUNTING PROGRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4303 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2563) is repealed. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 4303. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF REPORT ON STATUS OF  S
ECURITY OF ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE FACILI -
TIES.—Section 4506 of the Atomic Energy De-fense Act (50 U.S.C. 2657) is amended by striking ‘‘each year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘each odd-numbered year’’. (c) P
LAN FOR ADDRESSING SECURITY RISKS P
OSED TO NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX .— (1) C
ONSOLIDATION INTO STOCKPILE STEWARD -
SHIP AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—Section 4203 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2523) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (7) and (8), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(6) A summary of the plan for the research and development, deployment, and lifecycle sustainment of technologies employed within the nuclear security enterprise.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)— (i) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-graph (8); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(7) A plan, developed in consultation with the Associate Under Secretary for Environment, Health, Safety, and Security of the Department of Energy, for the research and development, deployment, and lifecycle sustainment of the technologies employed within the nuclear secu-rity enterprise to address physical and cyber se-curity threats during the five fiscal years fol-lowing the date of the report, together with— ‘‘(A) for each site in the nuclear security en-terprise, a description of the technologies de-ployed to address the physical and cyber secu-rity threats posed to that site; and ‘‘(B) for each site and for the nuclear security enterprise, the methods used by the Administra-tion to establish priorities among investments in physical and cyber security technologies.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 3253(b) of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2453(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (5). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5991 September 25, 2017 
(d) M ODIFICATION OF SUBMISSION OF SE-
LECTED ACQUISITION REPORTS .—Section 4217(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2537(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘each fiscal-year quarter’’ and inserting ‘‘the first quarter of each fiscal year’’; (B) by striking ‘‘or a major’’ and inserting ‘‘and each major’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘during the preceding fiscal year’’ after ‘‘4713(a)(2))’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘a fiscal-year quarter’’ and in-serting ‘‘a fiscal year’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such fiscal-year quarter’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal-year quarter in that fiscal year’’. (e) M
ODIFICATION OF SUBMISSION OF PLAN FOR  M
EETING NATIONAL SECURITY REQUIREMENTS  
FORUNENCUMBERED URANIUM .—Section 4221(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538c(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Concurrent with’’ and all that follows through ‘‘2026’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than December 31 of each even-numbered year through 2026’’. (f) M
ODIFICATIONS TO DEFENSE NUCLEAR NON-
PROLIFERATION MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) M
ODIFICATION OF SUBMISSION .—Section 4309 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2575) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); (B) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (C) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) P
LAN REQUIRED .—The Administrator shall develop and annually update a five-year management plan for activities associated with the defense nuclear nonproliferation programs of the Administration to prevent and counter the proliferation of materials, technology, equip-ment, and expertise related to nuclear and radi-ological weapons in order to minimize and ad-dress the risk of nuclear terrorism and the pro-liferation of such weapons. ‘‘(b) S
UBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—(1) Not later than March 15 of each even-numbered year, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a summary of the plan devel-oped under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) Not later than March 15 of each odd- numbered year, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a de-tailed report on the plan developed under sub-section (a). ‘‘(3) Each summary submitted under para-graph (1) and each report submitted under para-graph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex if nec-essary.’’. (2) E
LIMINATION OF IDENTIFICATION OF FU -
TURE INTERNATIONAL CONTRIBUTIONS .—Sub- section (c) of such section, as redesignated by paragraph (1)(B), is further amended— (A) by striking paragraph (14); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (15) and (16) as paragraphs (14) and (15), respectively. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (c) of such section, as redesignated by paragraph (1)(B) and amended by paragraph (2), is further amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the plan re-quired by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the summary required by paragraph (1) of sub-section (b) or the report required by paragraph (2) of that subsection, as the case may be’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘the plan re-quired by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the summary required by paragraph (1) of sub-section (b) or the report required by paragraph (2) of that subsection, as the case may be’’; (C) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘the plan re-quired by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the summary required by paragraph (1) of sub-section (b) or the report required by paragraph (2) of that subsection, as the case may be,’’; (D) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘the plan re-quired by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the summary required by paragraph (1) of sub-section (b) or the report required by paragraph (2) of that subsection, as the case may be,’’; and (E) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘the plan required by subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘the summary required by paragraph (1) of sub-section (b) or the report required by paragraph (2) of that subsection, as the case may be,’’. (g) MODIFICATION OF SUBMISSION OF COST- 
BENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MAN-
AGEMENT AND OPERATING CONTRACTS .—Section 3121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as most recently amended by section 3135 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1207), is further amended in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘30 days’’ and inserting ‘‘180 days’’. 
SEC. 3114. NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 3248. ALTERNATIVE PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator may adapt the pay banding and performance-based pay adjustment demonstration project carried out by the Administration under the authority provided by section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, into a permanent alternative personnel system for the Administration (to be known as the ‘National Nuclear Security Administration Personnel System’) and implement that system with respect to employees of the Administration. ‘‘(b) M
ODIFICATIONS .—In adapting the dem-onstration project described in subsection (a) into a permanent alternative personnel system, the Administrator— ‘‘(1) may, subject to paragraph (2), revise the requirements and limitations of the demonstra-tion project to the extent necessary; and ‘‘(2) shall ensure that the permanent alter-native personnel system is carried out in a man-ner consistent with the final plan for the dem-onstration project (72 Fed. Reg. 72776). ‘‘(c) A
PPLICATION TO NAVAL NUCLEAR PRO-
PULSION PROGRAM .—The Administrator may apply the alternative personnel system under subsection (a) to all employees of the Naval Nu-clear Propulsion Program in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of title 5, United States Code).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the National Nuclear Security Adminis-tration Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3247 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 3248. Alternative personnel system.’’. 
SEC. 3115. ANNUAL REPORTS ON UNFUNDED PRI-ORITIES OF NATIONAL NUCLEAR SE-CURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLVII of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2741 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4715. UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF THE NA-TIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMIN-ISTRATION. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the Presi-dent for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator shall submit to the Secretary of Energy and the congressional defense committees a report on the unfunded priorities of the Administration. ‘‘(b) E
LEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall specify, for each unfunded priority covered by the report, the following: ‘‘(A) A summary description of that priority, including the objectives to be achieved if that priority is funded (whether in whole or in part). ‘‘(B) The additional amount of funds rec-ommended in connection with the objectives under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Account information with respect to that priority. ‘‘(2) PRIORITIZATION OF PRIORITIES .—Each re- port required by subsection (a) shall present the unfunded priorities covered by the report in order of urgency of priority. ‘‘(c) U
NFUNDED PRIORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘unfunded priority’, in the case of a fiscal year, means a program, activity, or mission requirement that— ‘‘(1) is not funded in the budget of the Presi-dent for that fiscal year as submitted to Con-gress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code; ‘‘(2) is necessary to fulfill a requirement asso-ciated with an operational or contingency plan or other validated requirement of the Adminis-tration; and ‘‘(3) would have been recommended for fund-ing through the budget referred to in paragraph (1) by the Secretary of Energy— ‘‘(A) if additional resources were available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mis-sion requirement; or ‘‘(B) in the case of a program, activity, or mis-sion requirement that emerged after the budget was formulated, if the program, activity, or mis-sion requirement had emerged before the budget was formulated.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of con-tents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4714 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4715. Unfunded priorities of the National Nuclear Security Administra-tion.’’. 
SEC. 3116. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATION OF ADVISORY BOARD ON TOXIC SUB-STANCES AND WORKER HEALTH. 
Section 3687(i) of the Energy Employees Occu-pational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7385s–16(i)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 3201. AUTHORIZATION. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018, $30,600,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 3501. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 109 of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 109. Maritime Administration ‘‘(a) O
RGANIZATION AND MISSION .—The Mari- time Administration is an administration in the Department of Transportation. The mission of the Maritime Administration is to foster, pro-mote, and develop the merchant maritime indus-try of the United States. ‘‘(b) M
ARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .—The head of the Maritime Administration is the Maritime Administrator, who is appointed by the Presi-dent by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. The Administrator shall report directly to the Secretary of Transportation and carry out the duties prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(c) D
EPUTY MARITIME ADMINISTRATOR .—The Maritime Administration shall have a Deputy Maritime Administrator, who is appointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, after con-sultation with the Administrator. The Deputy Administrator shall carry out the duties pre-scribed by the Administrator. The Deputy Ad-ministrator shall be Acting Administrator during the absence or disability of the Administrator and, unless the Secretary designates another in-dividual, during a vacancy in the office of Ad-ministrator. ‘‘(d) D
UTIES AND POWERS VESTED IN SEC-
RETARY .—All duties and powers of the Maritime Administration are vested in the Secretary. ‘‘(e) R
EGIONAL OFFICES .—The Maritime Ad-ministration shall have regional offices for the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5992 September 25, 2017 
Atlantic, Gulf, Great Lakes, and Pacific port ranges, and may have other regional offices as necessary. The Secretary shall appoint a quali-fied individual as Director of each regional of-fice. The Secretary shall carry out appropriate activities and programs of the Maritime Admin-istration through the regional offices. ‘‘(f) I
NTERAGENCY AND INDUSTRY RELATIONS .— The Secretary shall establish and maintain liai-son with other agencies, and with representative trade organizations throughout the United States, concerned with the transportation of commodities by water in the export and import foreign commerce of the United States, for the purpose of securing preference to vessels of the United States for the transportation of those commodities. ‘‘(g) D
ETAILING OFFICERS FROM ARMED  F
ORCES .—To assist the Secretary in carrying out duties and powers relating to the Maritime Ad-ministration, not more than five officers of the Armed Forces may be detailed to the Secretary at any one time, in addition to details author-ized by any other law. During the period of a detail, the Secretary shall pay the officer an amount that, when added to the officer’s pay and allowances as an officer in the Armed Forces, makes the officer’s total pay and allow-ances equal to the amount that would be paid to an individual performing work the Secretary considers to be of similar importance, difficulty, and responsibility as that performed by the offi-cer during the detail. ‘‘(h) C
ONTRACTS , COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS , 
ANDAUDITS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTS AND COOPERATIVE AGREE -
MENTS .—In the same manner that a private cor-poration may make a contract within the scope of its authority under its charter, the Secretary may make contracts and cooperative agreements for the United States Government and disburse amounts to— ‘‘(A) carry out the Secretary’s duties and powers under this section, subtitle V of title 46, and all other Maritime Administration pro-grams; and ‘‘(B) protect, preserve, and improve collateral held by the Secretary to secure indebtedness. ‘‘(2) AUDITS .—The financial transactions of the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be au-dited by the Comptroller General. The Comp-troller General shall allow credit for an expendi-ture shown to be necessary because of the na-ture of the business activities authorized by this section or subtitle V of title 46. At least once a year, the Comptroller General shall report to Congress any departure by the Secretary from this section or subtitle V of title 46. ‘‘(i) G
RANT ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—Ex- cept as otherwise provided by law, the adminis-trative and related expenses for the administra-tion of any grant programs by the Maritime Ad-ministrator may not exceed 3 percent. ‘‘(j) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, there are authorized to be appropriated such amounts as may be nec-essary to carry out the duties and powers of the Secretary relating to the Maritime Administra-tion. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATIONS .—Only those amounts spe-cifically authorized by law may be appropriated for the use of the Maritime Administration for— ‘‘(A) acquisition, construction, or reconstruc-tion of vessels; ‘‘(B) construction-differential subsidies inci-dent to the construction, reconstruction, or re-conditioning of vessels; ‘‘(C) costs of national defense features; ‘‘(D) payments of obligations incurred for op-erating-differential subsidies; ‘‘(E) expenses necessary for research and de-velopment activities, including reimbursement of the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund for losses resulting from expenses of experimental vessel operations; ‘‘(F) the Vessel Operations Revolving Fund; ‘‘(G) National Defense Reserve Fleet expenses; ‘‘(H) expenses necessary to carry out part B of subtitle V of title 46; and ‘‘(I) other operations and training expenses related to the development of waterborne trans-portation systems, the use of waterborne trans-portation systems, and general administra-tion.’’. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount author-ized for a project, program, or activity, the obli-gation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) M
ERIT-BASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on merit-based selection proce-dures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) R
ELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM -
MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be trans-ferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or re-programming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The trans-fer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. (d) A
PPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) O
RALWRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 2 UTILITY F/W AIRCRAFT ......................................................................................................... ........................... 75,115 75,115 4 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 30,206 130,206 UFR: ER Improved Gray Eagle Air Vehicles ....................................................................................... ............. [100,000] ROTARY 5 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) .............................................................................................. ................. 108,383 108,383 6 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ .................. 725,976 764,976 UFR: Procures remanufactured AH64Es ............................................................................................ .............. [39,000] 7 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN (AP) ........................................................................................... ............... 170,910 170,910 8 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD ............................................................................................ .............. 374,100 647,800 UFR: Procures AH–64E ........................................................................................................... ........................ [273,700] 9 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD (AP) ....................................................................................... ............ 71,900 71,900 10 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) ............................................................................................... ............... 938,308 938,308 11 UH–60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL (MYP) (AP) .......................................................................................... ............ 86,295 86,295 12 UH–60 BLACK HAWK A AND L MODELS ............................................................................................. ............... 76,516 76,516 13 CH–47 HELICOPTER ............................................................................................................ ............................... 202,576 449,140 UFR: New Build MH–47G aircraft ................................................................................................. .................. [246,564] 14 CH–47 HELICOPTER (AP) ....................................................................................................... ............................ 17,820 17,820 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 15 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 5,910 21,910 UFR: Procures of Common Sensor Payloads ........................................................................................ ............ [16,000] 16 UNIVERSAL GROUND CONTROL EQUIPMENT (UAS) .................................................................................... ... 15,000 15,000 17 GRAY EAGLE MODS2 ............................................................................................................ ............................. 74,291 74,291 18 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ................... 68,812 98,287 UFR: Procures of Electronic Intelligence (ELINT) upgrades ...................................................................... ....... [29,475] 19 AH–64 MODS .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 238,141 238,141 20 CH–47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS (MYP) ........................................................................................... .............. 20,166 20,166 21 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP) ........................................................................................................ ........................... 5,514 5,514 22 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) ......................................................................................................... ............................ 11,650 11,650 23 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ........................ 15,279 15,279 24 UTILITY/CARGO AIRPLANE MODS ................................................................................................. .................. 57,737 57,737 25 UTILITY HELICOPTER MODS ..................................................................................................... ...................... 5,900 5,900 26 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN .................................................................................................... ..................... 142,102 142,102 27 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 166,050 166,050 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5993 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
28 GATM ROLLUP ................................................................................................................. ................................. 37,403 37,403 29 RQ–7 UAV MODS ............................................................................................................... ................................. 83,160 214,160 UFR: Procures Shadow V2 BLK III systems ........................................................................................ ............ [131,000] 30 UAS MODS .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 26,109 26,429 UFR: Procures OSRVT systems .................................................................................................... ................... [320] GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 31 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............. 70,913 70,913 32 SURVIVABILITY CM ............................................................................................................ .............................. 5,884 5,884 33 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 26,825 51,825 UFR: Limited Interim Missile Warning System (LIMWS) Quick Reaction Capability ......................................... [25,000] 34 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... .. 6,337 31,337 UFR: CIRCM B-Kits .............................................................................................................. ........................ [25,000] OTHER SUPPORT 35 AVIONICS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................... 7,038 7,038 36 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 47,404 47,404 37 AIRCREW INTEGRATED SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. .................. 47,066 47,066 38 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ......................................................................................................... ........................... 83,790 84,905 UFR: Airspace Information System shelter and Alternate Workstation ............................................................. . [1,115] 39 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ........................... 1,397 1,397 40 LAUNCHER, 2.75 ROCKET ....................................................................................................... ........................... 1,911 1,911 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ....................................................................................................... 4,149,894 5,037,068 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE SYSTEM 1 LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ..................................................................................... ....... 140,826 140,826 2 MSE MISSILE .................................................................................................................. ................................... 459,040 1,109,081 UFR: Additional MSE missiles ................................................................................................... ..................... [650,041] 3 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2–I .................................................................................. ....... 57,742 38,742 Available prior year funds ..................................................................................................... ......................... [–19,000] AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 5 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ........................ 94,790 104,860 UFR: Procures maximum Hellfire missile ......................................................................................... ................ [10,070] 6 JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MSLS (JAGM) .............................................................................................. ................ 178,432 133,432 Excess due to delays ........................................................................................................... ............................ [–45,000] ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ............. 110,123 257,488 UFR: Procures additional Javelin ............................................................................................... .................... [147,365] 9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ....................... 85,851 85,851 10 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY (AP) ................................................................................................... ..................... 19,949 19,949 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ................... 595,182 609,682 UFR: Tooling and practice rounds ............................................................................................... ................... [14,500] 12 MLRS REDUCED RANGE PRACTICE ROCKETS (RRPR) .................................................................................. .. 28,321 34,651 UFR: Funds Reduced Range Practice Rockets ...................................................................................... ........... [6,330] MODIFICATIONS 15 PATRIOT MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................. 329,073 496,527 UFR: Procures additional ELES .................................................................................................. .................... [167,454] 16 ATACMS MODS ................................................................................................................. ................................. 116,040 185,440 UFR: Additional ATACMS ......................................................................................................... .................... [69,400] 17 GMLRS MOD ................................................................................................................... ................................... 531 531 18 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ .................................. 63,090 91,890 UFR: Maximizes Stinger ......................................................................................................... ........................ [28,800] 19 AVENGER MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................ 62,931 62,931 20 ITAS/TOW MODS ............................................................................................................... ................................. 3,500 3,500 21 MLRS MODS ................................................................................................................... .................................... 138,235 187,117 UFR: Procures M270A1 MLRS launchers ............................................................................................ ............. [48,882] 
22 HIMARS MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ......................... 9,566 9,566 AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 27 HIMARS ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 0 435,728 UFR: Procures HIMARS launchers ................................................................................................. ................ [435,728] SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 23 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 18,915 18,915 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 24 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ......................................................................................................... ........................... 5,728 5,728 26 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ..................... 1,189 1,189 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................................... 2,519,054 4,033,624 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 BRADLEY PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. ........................... 0 111,000 UFR: Recap 1 Infantry Battalion Set of M2A4 .................................................................................... ............. [111,000] 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ....... 193,715 193,715 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 4 STRYKER (MOD) ................................................................................................................ ................................ 97,552 793,052 UFR: Second SBCT set of 30mm ................................................................................................... ................... [347,500] UFR: Stryker ECP ............................................................................................................... ........................... [348,000] 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 444,851 444,851 7 M109 FOV MODIFICATIONS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 64,230 64,230 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ........ 646,413 646,413 9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) ................................................................................... .. 72,402 194,402 UFR: Procures one ABCT set of HERCULES (M88A2) ................................................................................. ..... [122,000] 10 ASSAULT BRIDGE (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .......................... 5,855 5,855 11 ASSAULT BREACHER VEHICLE .................................................................................................... ..................... 34,221 94,221 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5994 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
UFR: Procures Assault Breacher Vehicles, Combat Dozer Blades, Full Width Mine Plows ................................. [60,000] 12 M88 FOV MODS ................................................................................................................ .................................. 4,826 4,826 13 JOINT ASSAULT BRIDGE ........................................................................................................ ........................... 128,350 128,350 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .......................... 248,826 469,826 UFR: Completes the first Brigade set of Trophy (NDI APS) for Abrams w/ ERI OCO (1 APS Set) ........................ [221,000] 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ................... 275,000 836,000 UFR: Recapitalization of 29 Abrams tanks to M1A2SEPv3 .......................................................................... ...... [561,000] WEAPONS & OTHER COMBAT VEHICLES 18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN (7.62MM) ............................................................................................ ................ 1,992 4,342 UFR: Procures additional ....................................................................................................... ........................ [2,350] 19 MULTI-ROLE ANTI-ARMOR ANTI-PERSONNEL WEAPON S .............................................................................. 6 ,520 26,520 UFR: Procures M3E1 light weight Carl Gustaf weapon systems ..................................................................... ... [20,000] 20 MORTAR SYSTEMS .............................................................................................................. .............................. 21,452 34,502 UFR: Procures M121 120mm Mortars ............................................................................................... ................ [13,050] 21 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE (GLM) ......................................................................................... ........ 4,524 5,323 UFR: Procures M320A1 40mm Grenade Launchers .................................................................................... ........ [799] 23 CARBINE ..................................................................................................................... ....................................... 43,150 57,137 UFR: Procures M4A1 carbines .................................................................................................... ..................... [13,987] 24 COMMON REMOTELY OPERATED WEAPONS STATION ................................................................................... 7 50 10,750 UFR: Accelerate CROWS modifications ............................................................................................ ............... [10,000] 25 HANDGUN ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 8,326 8,704 UFR: Procures Modular Handgun Systems .......................................................................................... ............ [378] MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 26 MK–19 GRENADE MACHINE GUN MODS .............................................................................................. .............. 2,000 2,000 27 M777 MODS ................................................................................................................... ...................................... 3,985 89,772 UFR: Funds M777 lightweight towed howitzers .................................................................................... ............ [85,787] 28 M4 CARBINE MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................... 31,315 31,315 29 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS .................................................................................................. ..................... 47,414 52,670 UFR: Procures M2A1 .50cal machine .............................................................................................. ................. [2,350] UFR: Procures Mk93 MG mounts, M2A1 .50cal MGs, M205 tripods .................................................................... [2,906] 30 M249 SAW MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................... .................... 3,339 3,339 31 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS ................................................................................................ ................ 4,577 11,159 UFR: Procures M192 tripods, M240B 7.62mm, M240L 7.62mm, Gun Optics .......................................................... [6, 582] 32 SNIPER RIFLES MODIFICATIONS ................................................................................................. .................... 1,488 1,488 33 M119 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... ............................. 12,678 12,678 34 MORTAR MODIFICATION ......................................................................................................... ......................... 3,998 3,998 35 MODIFICATIONS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ................................................................................... ....... 2,219 2,219 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 36 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (WOCV-WTCV) ........................................................................................... ................ 5,075 7,788 UFR: Procures M150 Rifle Combat Optic (RCO); M68 Close Combat Optics (CCO) .............................................. [2,713]  37 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (WOCV-WTCV) ......................................................................................... ......... 992 992 39 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PROG) ..................................................................................... ...... 1,573 1,573 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................................... 2,423,608 4,355,010 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ........................... 39,767 46,992 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [7,225] 2 CTG, 7.62MM, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ........................... 46,804 61,704 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [14,900] 3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 10,413 10,503 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [90] 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................ 62,837 71,727 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [8,890] 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES .........................................................................................................
............................ 8,208 8,208 6 CTG, 25MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 8,640 40,502 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [31,862] 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 76,850 79,000 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [2,150] 8 CTG, 40MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 108,189 125,380 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [17,191] MORTAR AMMUNITION 9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... ....................... 57,359 59,865 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [2,506] 10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ........................ 49,471 52,580 UFR: Additional mortar ......................................................................................................... ........................ [3,109] 11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ..................................................................................................... ....................... 91,528 109,720 UFR: Additional 120mm .......................................................................................................... ........................ [18,192] TANK AMMUNITION 12 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES ................................................................................ ..... 133,500 173,800 UFR: Additional Tank cartridge ................................................................................................. .................... [40,300] ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 13 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM & 105MM, ALL TYPES ............................................................................... ... 44,200 44,200 14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ........... 187,149 346,330 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [159,181] 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ................ 49,000 282,500 UFR: Excalibur ................................................................................................................. ............................. [233,500] 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... . 83,046 163,768 UFR: Additional PGK, prop charges, artillery fuzes ............................................................................. ............ [48,601] UFR: Required to execute simultaneous OPLAN .................................................................................... .......... [32,121] MINES 17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................... ............ 3,942 6,992 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5995 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [3,050] ROCKETS 19 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ...... 5,000 66,881 UFR: Additional rockets, grenades .............................................................................................. .................... [61,881] 20 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ...................... 161,155 229,242 UFR: Additional APKWS .......................................................................................................... ..................... [68,087] OTHER AMMUNITION 21 CAD/PAD, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 7,441 7,441 22 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................. ............... 19,345 21,606 UFR: Additional munitions ...................................................................................................... ....................... [2,261] 23 GRENADES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 22,759 48,120 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [25,361] 24 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 2,583 3,412 UFR: Additional signal munitions ............................................................................................... .................... [829] 25 SIMULATORS, ALL TYPES ....................................................................................................... .......................... 13,084 13,534 UFR: Additional signal munitions ............................................................................................... .................... [450] MISCELLANEOUS 26 AMMO COMPONENTS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. ................. 12,237 12,237 27 NON-LETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES ............................................................................................ ............. 1,500 1,650 UFR: Non-Lethal Hand Grenade Munitions ......................................................................................... ........... [150] 28 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION (AMMO) ........................................................................................... ................ 10,730 14,395 UFR: Additional ammunition ..................................................................................................... ..................... [3,665] 29 AMMUNITION PECULIAR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............. 16,425 16,425 30 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION (AMMO) ..................................................................................... ...... 15,221 15,221 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT 32 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ....................................................................................................... ........................... 329,356 429,356 UFR: Upgrade at GOCO Army ammuntion plants ..................................................................................... ....... [100,000] 33 CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS DEMILITARIZATION ..................................................................................... .... 197,825 197,825 34 ARMS INITIATIVE ............................................................................................................. ................................. 3,719 3,719 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................ 1,879,283 2,764,835 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 1 TACTICAL TRAILERS/DOLLY SETS ................................................................................................. .................. 9,716 10,871 UFR: Provides self-haul capability to Engineer Construction Units .............................................................. .... [1,155] 2 SEMITRAILERS, FLATBED: ....................................................................................................... ........................ 14,151 41,151 UFR: Procures 100 % of equipment shortage in Europe for M872 ................................................................... .... [27,000] 3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 ............................................................................................ ................... 53,000 68,593 UFR: Procures HMMWV ambulances ................................................................................................. ............. [15,000] UFR: Support increased end-strength ............................................................................................ .................. [593] 4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLES (GMV) ............................................................................................... .............. 40,935 40,935 6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................. ................... 804,440 804,440 7 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) ....................................................................................................... ........................... 967 967 8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEH (FMTV) ......................................................................................... ........ 78,650 263,872 UFR: Procures vehicles ......................................................................................................... .......................... [185,222] 9 FIRETRUCKS & ASSOCIATED FIREFIGHTING EQUIP ................................................................................... ... 19,404 19,404 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ....... 81,656 89,099 UFR: Procures Forward Repair Systems (FRS) ..................................................................................... ........... [7,443] 11 PLS ESP ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 7,129 59,804 UFR: Provides transportion of ammunition and break-bulk cargo .................................................................. ... [52,675] 13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS .................................................................................... ..... 43,040 43,040 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ .................... 83,940 191,667 UFR: Additional Buffalo and MMPV ............................................................................................... ............... [107,727] NON-TACTICAL VEHICLES 16 HEAVY ARMORED SEDAN .........................................................................................................
........................ 269 269 17 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................. .................. 1,320 1,320 18 NONTACTICAL VEHICLES, OTHER ................................................................................................. .................. 6,964 6,964 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 19 WIN-T—GROUND FORCES TACTICAL NETWORK ........................................................................................ ..... 420,492 0 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................... [–420,492] 20 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ .............. 92,718 92,718 21 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SVC ...................................................................................... ..... 150,497 150,497 22 JOINT INCIDENT SITE COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITY ............................................................................... .. 6,065 6,065 23 JCSE EQUIPMENT (USREDCOM) ................................................................................................... .................... 5,051 5,051 COMM—SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 24 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS .................................................................................. . 161,383 161,383 25 TRANSPORTABLE TACTICAL COMMAND COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................ 62,600 62,600 26 SHF TERM .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 11,622 11,622 28 SMART-T (SPACE) ............................................................................................................. ................................. 6,799 6,799 29 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC—GBS ....................................................................................................... ....................... 7,065 18,065 UFR: Procures Global Broadcast Systems ......................................................................................... ............... [11,000] 31 ENROUTE MISSION COMMAND (EMC) ............................................................................................... ............... 21,667 21,667 COMM—COMBAT SUPPORT COMM 33 MOD-IN-SERVICE PROFILER ..................................................................................................... ....................... 70 70 COMM—C3 SYSTEM 34 ARMY GLOBAL CMD & CONTROL SYS (AGCCS) ....................................................................................... ........ 2,658 2,658 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 36 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ....................................................................................... ...... 355,351 355,351 37 MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) .................................................................................. .. 25,100 25,100 38 RADIO TERMINAL SET, MIDS LVT(2) ............................................................................................. ................... 11,160 11,160 40 TRACTOR DESK ................................................................................................................ ................................. 2,041 2,041 41 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ .................................. 5,534 13,734 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5996 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
UFR: Procurement of Offensive Cyber Operations ................................................................................. ........... [8,200] 42 SPIDER APLA REMOTE CONTROL UNIT ............................................................................................. .............. 996 996 43 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS INCR ................................................................................... ... 4,500 6,858 UFR: Procures SPIDER INC 1A systems ............................................................................................ .............. [2,358] 45 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS AND PROTECTIVE SYSTEM ............................................................................ 4,4 11 4,411 46 UNIFIED COMMAND SUITE ....................................................................................................... ........................ 15,275 15,275 47 FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ............................................................................... 15 ,964 15,964 COMM—INTELLIGENCE COMM 49 CI AUTOMATION ARCHITECTURE .................................................................................................. .................. 9,560 9,560 50 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE ....................................................................................... .......... 4,030 4,030 INFORMATION SECURITY 54 COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY (COMSEC) ............................................................................................ ............ 107,804 131,082 UFR: Security Data System and End Cyrptographic Units .......................................................................... ..... [23,278] 55 DEFENSIVE CYBER OPERATIONS .................................................................................................. ................... 53,436 61,436 UFR: Funds Deployable DCO Systems for COMPO 2&3 Cyber Protection Teams ............................................... [8,000] 56 INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM—UNIT ACTIVITY MONITO ................................................................................. 690 690 57 PERSISTENT CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT ....................................................................................... ....... 4,000 4,000 COMM—LONG HAUL COMMUNICATIONS 58 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ................ 43,751 43,751 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 59 INFORMATION SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 118,101 118,101 60 EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ............................................................................ 4,490 4,490 61 HOME STATION MISSION COMMAND CENTERS (HSMCC) ................................................................................ 20,050 20,050 62 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM .............................................................................. 18 6,251 186,251 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 65 JTT/CIBS-M .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 12,154 19,754 UFR: Procures critical spare parts ............................................................................................. ..................... [7,600] 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ..................................... 274,782 124,782 Changing tactical requirements ................................................................................................. ...................... [–150,000] 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .................................... 16,052 29,212 UFR: Procures TROJAN SPIRIT .................................................................................................... ................. [13,160] 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ................ 51,034 51,034 72 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................... ...... 7,815 7,891 UFR: Provides CI/HUMINT Automated Reporting and Collection System capabilities ........................................ [76] 73 CLOSE ACCESS TARGET RECONNAISSANCE (CATR) ................................................................................... ..... 8,050 8,050 74 MACHINE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION SYSTEM-M ............................................................................ 567  567 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 76 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ............................................................................................ ......... 20,459 20,459 77 EW PLANNING & MANAGEMENT TOOLS (EWPMT) ...................................................................................... .... 5,805 5,805 78 AIR VIGILANCE (AV) .......................................................................................................... ............................... 5,348 5,348 81 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................. 469  469 82 CI MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ............................. 285 285 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 83 SENTINEL MODS ............................................................................................................... ................................. 28,491 100,491 UFR: Procures additional Sentinal Radars ....................................................................................... ............... [72,000] 84 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ............................ 166,493 231,498 New night vision testing devices ............................................................................................... ....................... [2,500] UFR: Accelerates fielding of the LTLM .......................................................................................... ................. [15,749] UFR: AN/PVS–14 Night Vision Goggles ............................................................................................ ................ [5,414] UFR: Enhanced Night Vision Goggles ............................................................................................. ................ [4,608] UFR: Security Force Assistance Bde ............................................................................................. ................... [36,734] 85 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... .. 13,947 16,097 UFR: Procures Small Tactical Optical Rifle Mounted laser range finder .......................................................... . [2,150] 87 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. .... 21,380 598,663 UFR: IFPC/Avernger Battalions and Warn Suites .................................................................................. .......... [577,283] 
88 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) ............................................................................................... .................. 59,105 59,105 89 ARTILLERY ACCURACY EQUIP .................................................................................................... ..................... 2,129 2,129 91 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND—PLATFORM (JBC-P) ....................................................................................... ...... 282,549 402,971 UFR: Replenishes Joint Battle Command- Platform ................................................................................ .......... [120,422] 92 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) ....................................................................................... ............ 48,664 48,664 93 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ....................... 5,198 5,198 94 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ............................................................................................. .............. 8,117 8,117 95 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. .................. 31,813 52,513 UFR: Procures Mortar Fire Control systems (M95, M96) ........................................................................... ........ [20,700] 96 COUNTERFIRE RADARS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 329,057 393,257 UFR: Procures AN/TPQ–53 Counterfire Target Acquisition Radar System ......................................................... [64 ,200] ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 97 FIRE SUPPORT C2 FAMILY ...................................................................................................... ......................... 8,700 13,458 UFR: Additional Advanced Field Artillery Tactical Data System (AFATDS) ..................................................... [4,7 58] 98 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS .................................................................................... ....... 26,635 123,613 UFR: Supports fielding (AMD) mission command assets to a Army Corps HQ .................................................... [96,9 78] 100 LIFE CYCLE SOFTWARE SUPPORT (LCSS) ......................................................................................... .............. 1,992 1,992 101 NETWORK MANAGEMENT INITIALIZATION AND SERVICE ............................................................................. 1 5,179 15,179 102 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) .............................................................................................. ................ 132,572 137,391 UFR: Tactical Mission Command Equipment ........................................................................................ ........... [4,819] 103 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM-ARMY (GCSS-A) ................................................................................. ... 37,201 37,201 104 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPP .............................................................................. 16,140 16,140 105 RECONNAISSANCE AND SURVEYING INSTRUMENT SET ................................................................................ . 6,093 25,848 UFR: Procures Engineer Instrument Set Field Reconnaissance and Survey Kits ................................................ [19,7 55] 106 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (ENFIRE) ........................................................................................... ................. 1,134 2,593 UFR: Support Security Force Assistance Bde ..................................................................................... .............. [1,459] ELECT EQUIP—AUTOMATION 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5997 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
107 ARMY TRAINING MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ ................. 11,575 11,575 108 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............. 91,983 76,983 Accelerate commercial IT solutions ............................................................................................. ..................... [–15,000] 109 GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEMS FAM ............................................................................... . 4,465 4,465 110 HIGH PERF COMPUTING MOD PGM (HPCMP) ........................................................................................ .......... 66,363 66,363 111 CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ...................... 1,001 1,001 112 RESERVE COMPONENT AUTOMATION SYS (RCAS) .................................................................................... ...... 26,183 26,183 ELECT EQUIP—AUDIO VISUAL SYS (A/V) 113 TACTICAL DIGITAL MEDIA ..................................................................................................... .......................... 4,441 4,441 114 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) .................................................................................. ........ 3,414 16,414 UFR: Accelerate procurement of Global Positioning System-Survey ................................................................ ... [3,000] UFR: Procures Automated Integrated Survey Instrument (AISI) systems ........................................................... [ 10,000] ELECT EQUIP—SUPPORT 115 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (C-E) .............................................................................................. ................... 499 499 116 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES .................................................................................................. .................... 25,050 25,050 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 185 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................... 4,819 4,819 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 117 PROTECTIVE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ............................ 1,613 1,613 118 FAMILY OF NON-LETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) ...................................................................................... ......... 9,696 9,696 120 CBRN DEFENSE ............................................................................................................... .................................. 11,110 11,110 BRIDGING EQUIPMENT 121 TACTICAL BRIDGING .......................................................................................................... .............................. 16,610 16,610 122 TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOAT-RIBBON .............................................................................................. .................. 21,761 43,761 UFR: Procures Bridge Erection Boats ............................................................................................ .................. [22,000] 124 COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER (CBT) RECAP ...................................................................................... ....... 21,046 71,446 UFR: Procure Common Bridge Transporters ........................................................................................ ............ [50,400] ENGINEER (NON-CONSTRUCTION) EQUIPMENT 125 HANDHELD STANDOFF MINEFIELD DETECTION SYS-HST ............................................................................. 5 ,000 10,600 UFR: Procures hand held mine detectors ......................................................................................... ................ [5,600] 126 GRND STANDOFF MINE DETECTN SYSM (GSTAMIDS) ................................................................................. .... 32,442 43,262 UFR: Equipment for 15th and 16th ABCT .......................................................................................... .............. [10,820] 127 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMDS) .......................................................................................... .............. 10,571 10,571 128 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMDS) ...................................................................................... ....... 21,695 24,095 UFR: Procures Husky Mounted Detection System ................................................................................... ......... [2,400] 129 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM (RCSS) ....................................................................................... .......... 4,516 19,616 UFR: Procures M160s ............................................................................................................ ......................... [15,100] 130 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION ...................................................................................... ......... 10,073 21,073 UFR: Procures the Talon 5A robot ............................................................................................... ................... [11,000] 131 ROBOTICS AND APPLIQUE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ................. 3,000 3,000 133 REMOTE DEMOLITION SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................... 5,847 7,039 UFR: Procures Radio Frequency Remote Activated Munitions ....................................................................... ... [1,192] 134 < $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... .................. 1,530 1,530 135 FAMILY OF BOATS AND MOTORS ................................................................................................. ................... 4,302 4,302 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 136 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................... 7,405 16,461 UFR: Procures Improved Environmental Control Units ............................................................................. ....... [9,056] 137 SOLDIER ENHANCEMENT ........................................................................................................ ......................... 1,095 1,095 138 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM (PRSS) ................................................................................... ...... 5,390 5,390 139 GROUND SOLDIER SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ........................ 38,219 48,027 UFR: Procures NETT Warrior ..................................................................................................... .................... [9,808] 140 MOBILE SOLDIER POWER ....................................................................................................... ......................... 10,456 12,018 UFR: Procures ISPDS-C systems for a Security Forces Assistance Bde ............................................................. . [1,562] 142 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ....................... 15,340 29,780 
UFR: BCT support equipment ..................................................................................................... .................... [14,440] 143 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ............................................................................. 3 0,607 30,607 144 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS ................................................................................ . 10,426 20,162 UFR: Engineering equipment ..................................................................................................... ..................... [9,736] PETROLEUM EQUIPMENT 146 QUALITY SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .............. 6,903 6,903 147 DISTRIBUTION SYSTEMS, PETROLEUM & WATER .................................................................................... ...... 47,597 47,597 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 148 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ...................... 43,343 43,343 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 149 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ....... 33,774 55,365 UFR: Shop equipment ............................................................................................................ ......................... [21,591] 150 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) ........................................................................................... .................... 2,728 3,682 UFR: Additional equipment for growing Army ..................................................................................... ............ [954] CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 151 GRADER, ROAD MTZD, HVY, 6X4 (CCE) .......................................................................................... .................. 989 15,719 UFR: Procures 48 Graders for the 16th ABCT ..................................................................................... ............. [14,730] 152 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ...................................................................................................... ........................ 11,180 11,180 155 ALL TERRAIN CRANES ......................................................................................................... ............................. 8,935 11,935 UFR: Procures cranes to support bridging assets ................................................................................ .............. [3,000] 157 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ....... 64,339 84,899 UFR: Procures HMEE for the 16th ABCT ........................................................................................... ............. [20,560] 158 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP ................................................................................. ... 2,563 2,563 160 CONST EQUIP ESP ............................................................................................................ ................................. 19,032 89,711 UFR: Procures Engineer Mission Module—Water Distributors and 31 Vibratory Rollers ..................................... [7,000] UFR: Procures T9 Dozers and Armor Kits ......................................................................................... ............... [63,679] 161 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (CONST EQUIP) ........................................................................................ ................. 6,899 16,911 UFR: Procures 2 Vibratory Plate Compactors (VPC) for the 16th ABCT ............................................................ [ 10,012] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES5998 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
RAIL FLOAT CONTAINERIZATION EQUIPMENT 162 ARMY WATERCRAFT ESP ........................................................................................................ .......................... 20,110 20,110 163 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (FLOAT/RAIL) ......................................................................................... ................... 2,877 2,877 GENERATORS 164 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ .............. 115,635 142,845 UFR: Additional equipment for growing Army ..................................................................................... ............ [27,210] 165 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................................... ...... 7,436 7,436 MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIPMENT 166 FAMILY OF FORKLIFTS ........................................................................................................ ............................ 9,000 10,635 UFR: Procures additonal 5K LCRTF ............................................................................................... ................ [1,635] TRAINING EQUIPMENT 167 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ .............. 88,888 88,888 168 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ .................... 285,989 285,989 169 CLOSE COMBAT TACTICAL TRAINER .............................................................................................. ................. 45,718 45,718 170 AVIATION COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER .................................................................................... ...... 30,568 30,568 171 GAMING TECHNOLOGY IN SUPPORT OF ARMY TRAINING ............................................................................. 5 ,406 5,406 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 172 CALIBRATION SETS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................... 5,564 5,564 173 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ...... 30,144 30,144 174 TEST EQUIPMENT MODERNIZATION (TEMOD) ....................................................................................... ........ 7,771 8,296 UFR: Test Equipment Modernization systems (TEMOD) .............................................................................. .... [525] OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 175 M25 STABILIZED BINOCULAR ................................................................................................... ........................ 3,956 3,956 176 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. .... 5,000 10,000 UFR: Support 10 initiatives per year ........................................................................................... .................... [5,000] 177 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) ........................................................................................... ................. 60,047 60,047 178 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ................ 13,239 13,239 179 MODIFICATION OF IN-SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA–3) ................................................................................... ......... 60,192 120,326 UFR: Additional support equipment .............................................................................................. .................. [60,134] 180 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (OTH) .............................................................................................. ................. 2,271 2,271 181 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING ......................................................................................... ............. 5,319 5,319 182 TRACTOR YARD ............................................................................................................... .................................. 5,935 5,935 186 INTELLIGENT REMOTE IMAGING SPECTOMETER—GROUND SYSTEM ........................................................... 0 8,600 UFR: Development of six focal plan arrays ...................................................................................... ................ [8,600] 187 FORCE PROVIDER EXPEDITIONARY ............................................................................................... ................. 0 27,700 UFR: Procures Force Providers Battle-loss and components for RESET ............................................................ [ 27,700] 188 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................ . 0 132,250 UFR: Procures HEMTTS ........................................................................................................... ..................... [132,250] 189 FIRE PROTECTION TYPE I ..................................................................................................... ........................ 0 54 UFR: Procures Fire Protection Type 1 sets ...................................................................................... ................. [54] OPA2 184 INITIAL SPARES—C&E ......................................................................................................... ............................. 38,269 14,329 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ............................... [–23,940] TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................ 6,469,331 7,960,663 JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND NETWORK ATTACK 1 RAPID ACQUISITION AND THREAT RESPONSE ........................................................................................ ........ 14,442 14,442 TOTAL JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND ...................................................................................... 14,442 14,442 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY COMBAT AIRCRAFT 2 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET ................................................................................................... ........................ 1,200,146 1,939,146 UFR: Additional F/A–18 E/F Super Hornets ....................................................................................... .............. [739,000] 3 F/A–18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET (AP) .............................................................................................. ..................... 52,971 52,971 4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV ...................................................................................................... ........................ 582,324 1,382,324 UFR: Additional F–35C .......................................................................................................... ........................ [800,000] 5 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV (AP) .................................................................................................
..................... 263,112 263,112 6 JSF STOVL .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 2,398,139 2,923,739 UFR: Additional F–35B .......................................................................................................... ........................ [525,600] 7 JSF STOVL (AP) ............................................................................................................... ................................... 413,450 413,450 8 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 567,605 847,805 UFR: Additional CH–53K ......................................................................................................... ....................... [280,200] 9 CH–53K (HEAVY LIFT) (AP) ..................................................................................................... ........................... 147,046 147,046 10 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) .......................................................................................................... ............................... 677,404 1,239,868 Multi-year savings ............................................................................................................. ............................ [–10,000] UFR: Additional MV–22/V–22 ..................................................................................................... ..................... [180,464] UFR: Additional MV–22B ......................................................................................................... ...................... [392,000] 11 V–22 (MEDIUM LIFT) (AP) ..................................................................................................... ............................. 27,422 27,422 12 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) .................................................................................................. ........................ 678,429 898,929 UFR: Additional AH–1Z .......................................................................................................... ....................... [220,500] 13 H–1 UPGRADES (UH–1Y/AH–1Z) (AP) ............................................................................................. ..................... 42,082 42,082 16 P–8A POSEIDON ............................................................................................................... .................................. 1,245,251 2,256,251 UFR: Additional P–8A Poseidon .................................................................................................. .................... [1,011,000] 17 P–8A POSEIDON (AP) .......................................................................................................... ............................... 140,333 140,333 18 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE ............................................................................................................ ............................. 733,910 733,910 19 E–2D ADV HAWKEYE (AP) ....................................................................................................... .......................... 102,026 102,026 OTHER AIRCRAFT 22 KC–130J ..................................................................................................................... .......................................... 129,577 472,277 UFR: Additional KC–130J ........................................................................................................ ....................... [342,700] 23 KC–130J (AP) ................................................................................................................ ....................................... 25,497 25,497 24 MQ–4 TRITON ................................................................................................................. .................................... 522,126 522,126 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S5999 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
25 MQ–4 TRITON (AP) ............................................................................................................ ................................. 57,266 57,266 26 MQ–8 UAV .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 49,472 49,472 27 OTHER SUPPORT AIRCRAFT ...................................................................................................... ...................... 0 59,200 27 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. .................................... 880 880 UFR: Procure additional aircraft ............................................................................................... ..................... [59,200] 71 C–40A AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT .................................................................................................. ................... 0 215,000 UFR: Procure additional aircraft ............................................................................................... ..................... [215,000] MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 30 AEA SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................... 52,960 52,960 31 AV–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 43,555 43,555 32 ADVERSARY ................................................................................................................... .................................... 2,565 2,565 33 F–18 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ....................................... 1,043,661 1,124,761 UFR: ALQ–214 USMC Retrofit ..................................................................................................... ................... [65,100] UFR: ALR–67 Retrofit A-KITS and Partial B-Kits ................................................................................. .......... [16,000] 34 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 38,712 38,712 35 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ...................................... 95,333 95,333 36 H–1 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 101,886 101,886 37 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 7,231 7,231 38 P–3 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 700 700 39 E–2 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 97,563 97,563 40 TRAINER A/C SERIES .......................................................................................................... ............................... 8,184 8,184 41 C–2A ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 18,673 18,673 42 C–130 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ...................................... 83,541 83,541 43 FEWSG ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 630 630 44 CARGO/TRANSPORT A/C SERIES .................................................................................................. ..................... 10,075 10,075 45 E–6 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 223,508 223,508 46 EXECUTIVE HELICOPTERS SERIES ................................................................................................ .................. 38,787 38,787 47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ...................... 8,304 8,304 48 T–45 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ....................................... 148,071 148,071 49 POWER PLANT CHANGES ......................................................................................................... ......................... 19,827 19,827 50 JPATS SERIES ................................................................................................................ .................................... 27,007 27,007 51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ...................... 146,642 146,642 52 COMMON AVIONICS CHANGES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 123,507 123,507 53 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ........... 2,317 2,317 54 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 49,524 49,524 55 P–8 SERIES .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 18,665 18,665 56 MAGTF EW FOR AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ........................ 10,111 10,111 57 MQ–8 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 32,361 32,361 59 V–22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY ............................................................................................... ..................... 228,321 228,321 60 F–35 STOVL SERIES ........................................................................................................... ................................. 34,963 34,963 61 F–35 CV SERIES .............................................................................................................. .................................... 31,689 31,689 62 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ........................................... 24,766 24,766 63 MQ–4 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 39,996 39,996 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 1,681,914 1,981,658 UFR: C–40A Spares .............................................................................................................. .......................... [12,600] UFR: CH–53K Spares ............................................................................................................. ......................... [7,500] UFR: F–35B Spares .............................................................................................................. .......................... [91,000] UFR: Fund to max executable .................................................................................................... ..................... [168,000] UFR: KC–130J Spares ............................................................................................................ ......................... [12,844] UFR: UC–12W Spares ............................................................................................................. ........................ [7,800] AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 
65 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................. 388,052 405,552 UFR: F/A–18C/D Training Systems ................................................................................................ .................. [17,500] 66 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .................. 24,613 24,613 67 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ............................ 39,614 39,614 68 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................... 1,463 1,463 69 SPECIAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .................... 48,500 48,500 70 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ............. 1,976 1,976 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................ 15,056,235 20,210,243 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 1 TRIDENT II MODS .............................................................................................................. ............................... 1,143,595 1,143,595 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 2 MISSILE INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ................................................................................................ ................... 7,086 7,086 STRATEGIC MISSILES 3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 134,375 134,375 TACTICAL MISSILES 4 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 197,109 209,109 UFR: Munitions Wholeness ....................................................................................................... ..................... [12,000] 5 SIDEWINDER ................................................................................................................... ................................... 79,692 79,692 6 JSOW ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 5,487 5,487 7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................. 510,875 510,875 8 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....................................................................................................... ....................... 20,968 20,968 9 RAM .......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 58,587 106,587 UFR: Additional RAM BLK II ..................................................................................................... ................... [48,000] 10 JOINT AIR GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ............................................................................................. .................. 3,789 3,789 13 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ................................................................................ ... 3,122 12,522 UFR: AGM–176A Griffin Missile Qualifications ................................................................................... ............. [9,400] 14 AERIAL TARGETS .............................................................................................................. ................................ 124,757 124,757 15 OTHER MISSILE SUPPORT ....................................................................................................... ......................... 3,420 3,420 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6000 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
16 LRASM ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 74,733 74,733 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 17 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 74,524 74,524 19 HARPOON MODS ................................................................................................................ ................................ 17,300 17,300 20 HARM MODS ................................................................................................................... ................................... 183,368 183,368 21 STANDARD MISSILES MODS ...................................................................................................... ....................... 11,729 11,729 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT & FACILITIES 22 WEAPONS INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES ............................................................................................... .................. 4,021 4,021 23 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOW-ON .............................................................................................. ............. 46,357 46,357 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 25 ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................ 47,159 47,159 TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 26 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 5,240 5,240 27 MK–48 TORPEDO ............................................................................................................... ................................. 44,771 44,771 28 ASW TARGETS ................................................................................................................. .................................. 12,399 12,399 MOD OF TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIP 29 MK–54 TORPEDO MODS .......................................................................................................... ........................... 104,044 104,044 30 MK–48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS .................................................................................................... .................... 38,954 38,954 31 QUICKSTRIKE MINE ............................................................................................................ .............................. 10,337 10,337 SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 32 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .................. 70,383 70,383 33 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ............................ 3,864 3,864 DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION 34 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................ ............. 3,961 3,961 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 11,332 11,332 MODIFICATION OF GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 36 CIWS MODS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 72,698 72,698 37 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ......................................................................................................... ......................... 38,931 38,931 38 GUN MOUNT MODS .............................................................................................................. .............................. 76,025 76,025 39 LCS MODULE WEAPONS .......................................................................................................... .......................... 13,110 13,110 40 CRUISER MODERNIZATION WEAPONS ............................................................................................... .............. 34,825 34,825 41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ........ 16,925 16,925 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 43 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 110,255 110,255 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................ 3,420,107 3,489,507 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 34,882 34,882 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 57,343 57,343 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. .................. 79,318 79,318 4 MACHINE GUN AMMUNITION ....................................................................................................... .................... 14,112 14,112 5 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 47,027 47,027 6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES ........................................................................................... .......... 57,718 57,718 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ........... 65,908 65,908 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 2,895 2,895 10 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION .................................................................................................... ........................ 22,112 22,112 11 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION ......................................................................................... ........ 12,804 12,804 12 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ................... 41,594 41,594 13 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ............ 49,401 49,401 14 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. .................. 9,495 9,495 16 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ................ 3,080 3,080 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 20 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 24,118 49,618 UFR: Additional 60mm Full Range Practice Rounds ................................................................................ ........ [11,000] UFR: Additional 81mm Full Range Practice Rounds ................................................................................ ........ [14,500] 23 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS ....................................................................................................
..................... 64,045 64,045 24 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. ............... 91,456 91,456 29 COMBAT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ................... 11,788 11,788 32 AMMO MODERNIZATION .......................................................................................................... ........................ 17,862 17,862 33 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 79,427 96,427 UFR: Additional training rounds ................................................................................................ .................... [17,000] 34 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 5,960 5,960 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................... 792,345 834,845 SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE SHIPS 1 OHIO REPLACEMENT SUBMARINE (AP) .............................................................................................. ............. 842,853 842,853 OTHER WARSHIPS 2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. .............. 4,441,772 4,141,772 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ .......................... [–300,000] 4 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 3,305,315 3,305,315 5 VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE (AP) ................................................................................................ ................... 1,920,596 3,093,596 3rd FY20 SSN or SIB expansion .................................................................................................. .................... [450,000] Additional EOQ funding Blk V MYP ............................................................................................... ............... [750,000] NSBDF Savings .................................................................................................................. ............................ [–27,000] 6 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS ...................................................................................................... .................... 1,604,890 1,604,890 7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS (AP) ................................................................................................. ................. 75,897 75,897 8 DDG 1000 ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 223,968 173,968 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ .......................... [–50,000] 9 DDG–51 ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 3,499,079 5,058,079 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6001 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Available prior year funds ..................................................................................................... ......................... [–225,000] Procure 1 additional DDG–51 .................................................................................................... ...................... [1,750,000] UFR: SSEE Inc F for DDG ........................................................................................................ ..................... [34,000] 10 DDG–51 (AP) ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 90,336 390,336 EOQ for FY18–22 MYP contract ................................................................................................... ................... [300,000] 11 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ........................................................................................................ ......................... 636,146 596,146 Unit price adjustment .......................................................................................................... ........................... [–40,000] AMPHIBIOUS SHIPS 12 LX(R) OR LPD–30 ............................................................................................................. ................................... 0 1,000,000 Incremental funding for LX(R) or LPD–30 ........................................................................................ ............... [1,000,000] 15 LHA REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................. 1,710,927 1,710,927 AUXILIARIES, CRAFT AND PRIOR YR PROGRAM COST 18 TAO FLEET OILER ............................................................................................................. ................................ 465,988 465,988 19 TAO FLEET OILER (AP) ........................................................................................................ ............................. 75,068 75,068 20 TOWING, SALVAGE, AND RESCUE SHIP (ATS) ...................................................................................... ............ 76,204 76,204 23 LCU 1700 .................................................................................................................... ......................................... 31,850 31,850 24 OUTFITTING .................................................................................................................. .................................... 548,703 510,503 Post-delivery funds early to need .............................................................................................. ...................... [–38,200] 25 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR ..................................................................................................... ...................... 212,554 509,554 Quantity unit price adjustment ................................................................................................. ...................... [–15,000] UFR: 5 additional Ship-to-Shore Connector ...................................................................................... ............... [312,000] 26 SERVICE CRAFT ............................................................................................................... ................................. 23,994 62,994 UFR: Berthing barge ............................................................................................................ .......................... [39,000] 29 COMPLETION OF PY SHIPBUILDING PROGRAMS ...................................................................................... ...... 117,542 117,542 30 ESB ......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 0 661,000 Procure additional ESB ......................................................................................................... ......................... [661,000] 32 CABLE SHIP .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 0 250,000 Procure cable ship ............................................................................................................. ............................. [250,000] TOTAL SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY ........................................................................................... 19,903,682 24,754,482 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY SHIP PROPULSION EQUIPMENT 3 SURFACE POWER EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ................... 41,910 41,910 4 HYBRID ELECTRIC DRIVE (HED) .................................................................................................. .................... 6,331 0 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ .......................... [–6,331] GENERATORS 5 SURFACE COMBATANT HM&E ....................................................................................................... ................... 27,392 27,392 NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT 6 OTHER NAVIGATION EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................. 65,943 65,943 OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 8 SUB PERISCOPE, IMAGING AND SUPT EQUIP PROG ................................................................................... .... 151,240 180,240 UFR: 3 Submarine Warfare Federated Tactical Systems ............................................................................ ....... [29,000] 9 DDG MOD ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 603,355 603,355 10 FIREFIGHTING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ....................... 15,887 15,887 11 COMMAND AND CONTROL SWITCHBOARD ............................................................................................. ......... 2,240 2,240 12 LHA/LHD MIDLIFE ............................................................................................................. ............................... 30,287 30,287 14 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............... 17,293 17,293 15 SUBMARINE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 27,990 27,990 16 VIRGINIA CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ .............. 46,610 46,610 17 LCS CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................. 47,955 5,355 Procurement ahead of need ...................................................................................................... ....................... [–42,600] 18 SUBMARINE BATTERIES ......................................................................................................... .......................... 17,594 17,594 19 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................. 61,908 61,908 21 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............ 15,812 15,812 22 DSSP EQUIPMENT ..............................................................................................................
............................... 4,178 4,178 23 CG MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................................ ............................ 306,050 306,050 24 LCAC ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 5,507 5,507 25 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 55,922 55,922 26 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 96,909 96,909 27 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .................................................................................................. ................ 3,036 3,036 28 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................... ................ 10,364 10,364 REACTOR PLANT EQUIPMENT 29 REACTOR POWER UNITS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 324,925 324,925 30 REACTOR COMPONENTS .......................................................................................................... ......................... 534,468 534,468 OCEAN ENGINEERING 31 DIVING AND SALVAGE EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ................. 10,619 10,619 SMALL BOATS 32 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................... 46,094 46,094 PRODUCTION FACILITIES EQUIPMENT 34 OPERATING FORCES IPE ........................................................................................................ .......................... 191,541 191,541 OTHER SHIP SUPPORT 36 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ ...... 34,666 34,666 37 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ...................... 55,870 84,770 Procurement ahead of need ...................................................................................................... ....................... [–5,100] UFR: Additional MCM USV ........................................................................................................ ................... [34,000] 39 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES ..................................................................................................... ....................... 52,960 52,960 40 LCS IN-SERVICE MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .................. 74,426 158,426 UFR: LCS modernization for increased lethatlity ................................................................................ ............. [84,000] LOGISTIC SUPPORT 42 LSD MIDLIFE & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................. .................. 89,536 89,536 SHIP SONARS 43 SPQ–9B RADAR ................................................................................................................ .................................. 30,086 30,086 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6002 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
44 AN/SQQ–89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ .............. 102,222 102,222 46 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 287,553 314,553 UFR: 3 Submarine Warfare Federated Tactical Systems ............................................................................ ....... [27,000] 47 UNDERSEA WARFARE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................... ....... 13,653 13,653 ASW ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 49 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM ........................................................................................... .......... 21,449 21,449 50 SSTD ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 12,867 12,867 51 FIXED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................................... .................... 300,102 300,102 52 SURTASS ..................................................................................................................... ....................................... 30,180 40,180 UFR: 1 Additional .............................................................................................................. ............................ [10,000] ELECTRONIC WARFARE EQUIPMENT 54 AN/SLQ–32 ................................................................................................................... ........................................ 240,433 240,433 RECONNAISSANCE EQUIPMENT 55 SHIPBOARD IW EXPLOIT ........................................................................................................ .......................... 187,007 227,007 UFR: 3 SSEE Increment F and Paragon/Graywing ................................................................................... ........ [40,000] 56 AUTOMATED IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM (AIS) ....................................................................................... .......... 510 510 OTHER SHIP ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 58 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ........................................................................................... ......... 23,892 27,892 UFR: CEC IFF Mode 5 Acceleration ............................................................................................... ................. [4,000] 60 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) .............................................................................. 1 0,741 10,741 61 ATDLS ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 38,016 38,016 62 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) ...................................................................................... ..... 4,512 4,512 63 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT ............................................................................................. ........... 31,531 31,531 64 SHALLOW WATER MCM ........................................................................................................... ......................... 8,796 8,796 65 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE) ............................................................................................... ................... 15,923 15,923 66 AMERICAN FORCES RADIO AND TV SERVICE ........................................................................................ .......... 2,730 2,730 67 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ............................................................................................ ............ 6,889 6,889 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 70 ASHORE ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 71,882 71,882 71 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ........................ 44,611 44,611 77 ID SYSTEMS .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 21,239 21,239 78 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ................ 11,976 12,976 UFR: Munitions Wholeness ....................................................................................................... ..................... [1,000] OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 80 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................... 32,425 32,425 81 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... ......................................... 13,790 13,790 82 CANES ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 322,754 322,754 83 RADIAC ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 10,718 10,718 84 CANES-INTELL ................................................................................................................ ................................... 48,028 48,028 85 GPETE ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,861 6,861 86 MASF ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 8,081 8,081 87 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY ........................................................................................... ............. 5,019 5,019 88 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION ................................................................................................. ................ 4,188 4,188 89 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 105,292 105,292 SHIPBOARD COMMUNICATIONS 90 SHIPBOARD TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS ........................................................................................... .......... 23,695 23,695 91 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............ 103,990 103,990 92 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M .............................................................................................. .............. 18,577 18,577 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATIONS 93 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ................................................................................................. ................ 29,669 29,669 94 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ........ 86,204 86,204 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS 95 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ........... 14,654 14,654 96 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............................................................................................... ............... 69,764 69,764 SHORE COMMUNICATIONS 97 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) .................................................................................
.. 4,256 4,256 CRYPTOGRAPHIC EQUIPMENT 99 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ........................................................................................ ............ 89,663 101,663 UFR: Crypto modernization ...................................................................................................... ...................... [12,000] 100 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ................................................................................................ ................... 961 961 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 101 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... ........... 11,287 11,287 OTHER ELECTRONIC SUPPORT 110 COAST GUARD EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 36,584 36,584 SONOBUOYS 112 SONOBUOYS—ALL TYPES ........................................................................................................ ......................... 173,616 173,616 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 113 WEAPONS RANGE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ............ 72,110 72,110 114 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................... 108,482 108,482 115 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) .............................................................................................. ................. 10,900 10,900 116 METEOROLOGICAL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... ................... 21,137 21,137 117 DCRS/DPL ................................................................................................................... ........................................ 660 660 118 AIRBORNE MINE COUNTERMEASURES .............................................................................................. .............. 20,605 20,605 119 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................... 34,032 34,032 SHIP GUN SYSTEM EQUIPMENT 120 SHIP GUN SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................... 5,277 5,277 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 121 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ................. 272,359 272,359 122 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ............... 73,184 73,184 FBM SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 123 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP ............................................................................................ ................. 246,221 246,221 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6003 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
124 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................... 129,972 149,972 UFR: 3 Submarine Warfare Federated Tactical Systems ............................................................................ ....... [20,000] 125 ASW SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 23,209 23,209 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 126 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............. 15,596 15,596 127 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................. ........................ 5,981 5,981 OTHER EXPENDABLE ORDNANCE 128 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS ............................................................................................. ................ 74,550 74,550 130 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................... 83,022 83,022 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 131 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES ................................................................................................ ................... 5,299 5,299 132 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ....................... 2,946 2,946 133 CONSTRUCTION & MAINTENANCE EQUIP ........................................................................................... ............. 34,970 34,970 134 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........................ 2,541 2,541 135 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 19,699 19,699 136 AMPHIBIOUS EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ......................... 12,162 12,162 137 POLLUTION CONTROL EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ................ 2,748 2,748 138 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION ..................................................................................................... ........................... 18,084 18,084 139 PHYSICAL SECURITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................. ..................... 1,170 1,170 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 141 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ............................. 21,797 21,797 143 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... .............. 5,572 5,572 144 SPECIAL PURPOSE SUPPLY SYSTEMS ............................................................................................. ................. 482,916 482,916 TRAINING DEVICES 146 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................... ............. 25,624 25,624 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 147 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................. 59,076 51,176 Consolidate requirements Navy Enterprise Resource Planning ..................................................................... ..... [–4,200] Consolidate requirements Navy ePS .............................................................................................. ................... [–3,700] 149 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................... 4,383 4,383 151 NAVAL MIP SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ .................. 2,030 2,030 152 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... .......... 7,500 7,500 153 C4ISR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ................................ 4,010 4,010 154 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 23,644 23,644 155 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ................... 101,982 120,982 UFR: Port Security Barriers for Ship Repair Facilities ......................................................................... ............ [19,000] 156 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................................... .......... 19,789 19,789 OTHER 160 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE ......................................................................................... ............ 104,584 104,584 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 162 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ........................................................................................................ ........................... 23,707 1,023,707 Classified Project 0428 ........................................................................................................ ............................ [1,000,000] SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ......................... 278,565 278,565 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................. 8,277,789 9,495,858 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 AAV7A1 PIP ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 107,665 107,665 2 AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.1 ................................................................................................ ................. 161,511 161,511 3 LAV PIP ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 17,244 17,244 ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 4 EXPEDITIONARY FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ........... 626 626 5 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ............................................................................................. .......... 20,259 20,259 6 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ...... 59,943 59,943 7 WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION ................................................................................ 1 9,616 19,616 OTHER SUPPORT 8 MODIFICATION KITS ............................................................................................................
............................ 17,778 17,778 GUIDED MISSILES 10 GROUND BASED AIR DEFENSE .................................................................................................... ..................... 9,432 9,432 11 JAVELIN ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 41,159 41,159 12 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW ........................................................................................................... ........................... 25,125 25,125 13 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) .................................................................................... .... 51,553 51,553 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEMS 16 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (C ........................................................................... 44,9 28 44,928 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 17 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .................... 33,056 33,056 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 20 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ ............ 17,644 37,844 UFR: Night Optics for Sniper Rifle ............................................................................................. ..................... [20,200] 21 AIR OPERATIONS C2 SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ...................... 18,393 18,393 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 22 RADAR SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ................................ 12,411 12,411 23 GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................................... ....... 139,167 139,167 24 RQ–21 UAS ................................................................................................................... ....................................... 77,841 77,841 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 25 GCSS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 1,990 1,990 26 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ........................... 22,260 22,260 27 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. .............. 55,759 65,879 UFR: CI and HUMINT Equipment Program ........................................................................................... ......... [10,120] 29 UNMANNED AIR SYSTEMS (INTEL) ................................................................................................ ................... 10,154 23,654 UFR: Long Endurance Small UAS .................................................................................................. ................ [13,500] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6004 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
30 DCGS-MC ..................................................................................................................... ....................................... 13,462 13,462 31 UAS PAYLOADS ................................................................................................................ ................................. 14,193 14,193 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 35 NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) ................................................................................... ... 98,511 98,511 36 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................................... ............... 66,894 73,998 UFR: Full Spectrum Cyber Operations DMSS ....................................................................................... ........... [7,104] 37 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 186,912 186,912 38 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ................................. 34,361 34,361 39 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ........... 54,615 54,615 40 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ......... 44,455 44,455 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 41 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 4,214 4,214 ADMINISTRATIVE VEHICLES 42 COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ................................................................................................... .................. 66,951 66,951 TACTICAL VEHICLES 43 MOTOR TRANSPORT MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................... .............. 21,824 21,824 44 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ .................... 233,639 233,639 45 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ................................................................................................. ................... 1,938 1,938 46 TRAILERS .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 10,282 10,282 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 48 ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROL EQUIP ASSORT .......................................................................................... ........ 1,405 1,405 50 TACTICAL FUEL SYSTEMS ....................................................................................................... ......................... 1,788 1,788 51 POWER EQUIPMENT ASSORTED .................................................................................................... ................... 9,910 9,910 52 AMPHIBIOUS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ............... 5,830 5,830 53 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................... 27,240 27,240 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 54 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. .................. 53,477 53,477 GENERAL PROPERTY 56 TRAINING DEVICES ............................................................................................................ ............................... 76,185 85,064 UFR: ITESS-II Force on Force Training System ................................................................................... ........... [8,879] 58 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 26,286 26,286 59 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEH (ITV) ................................................................................ .. 1,583 1,583 OTHER SUPPORT 60 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 7,716 7,716 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 62 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 35,640 35,640 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ......................................................................................................... 2,064,825 2,124,628 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL FORCES 1 F–35 ......................................................................................................................... ........................................... 4,544,684 6,304,684 UFR: Procure additional F–35As ................................................................................................. .................... [1,760,000] 2 F–35 (AP) .................................................................................................................... ......................................... 780,300 780,300 2a O/A-X LIGHT ATTACK FIGHTER .................................................................................................. ..................... 0 1,200,000 O/A-X Light Attack Fighter ..................................................................................................... ....................... [1,200,000] TACTICAL AIRLIFT 3 KC–46A TANKER ................................................................................................................ ................................. 2,545,674 2,945,674 UFR: Procure KC–46 ............................................................................................................. ......................... [400,000] OTHER AIRLIFT 4 C–130J ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 57,708 219,808 Technical adjustments .......................................................................................................... .......................... [102,000] UFR: C–130J simulators ......................................................................................................... ......................... [60,000] 6 HC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ......................................... 198,502 298,502 UFR: Procures HC–130s .......................................................................................................... ........................ [100,000] 8 MC–130J ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 379,373 1,609,373 UFR: Procure MC–130J WST ....................................................................................................... .................... [30,000] UFR: Procures MC–130s .......................................................................................................... ........................ [1,200,000] 9 MC–130J (AP) .................................................................................................................
...................................... 30,000 30,000 MISSION SUPPORT AIRCRAFT 12 CIVIL AIR PATROL A/C ........................................................................................................ .............................. 2,695 2,695 OTHER AIRCRAFT 14 TARGET DRONES ............................................................................................................... ................................ 109,841 109,841 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 117,141 117,141 17a COMPASS CALL ............................................................................................................... .................................. 0 108,173 Technical adjustment ........................................................................................................... .......................... [108,173] STRATEGIC AIRCRAFT 18 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 96,727 96,727 19 B–1B ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 155,634 121,634 Excess funding ................................................................................................................. .............................. [–34,000] 20 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 109,295 109,295 21 LARGE AIRCRAFT INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES ..................................................................................... .. 4,046 4,046 TACTICAL AIRCRAFT 22 A–10 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 6,010 109,010 UFR: A–10 Wings ................................................................................................................ ........................... [103,000] 23 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 417,193 417,193 24 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 203,864 203,864 25 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 161,630 161,630 26 F–22A (AP) .................................................................................................................. ........................................ 15,000 15,000 27 F–35 MODIFICATIONS .......................................................................................................... .............................. 68,270 68,270 28 INCREMENT 3.2B .............................................................................................................. .................................. 105,756 105,756 30 KC–46A TANKER ............................................................................................................... .................................. 6,213 6,213 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6005 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
31 C–5 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 36,592 36,592 32 C–5M ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 6,817 6,817 33 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 125,522 125,522 34 C–21 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 13,253 13,253 35 C–32A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 79,449 79,449 36 C–37A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 15,423 206,723 UFR: Procure C–37B ............................................................................................................. .......................... [191,300] 37 C–130J ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 10,727 0 Technical adjustments .......................................................................................................... .......................... [–10,727] TRAINER AIRCRAFT 38 GLIDER MODS ................................................................................................................. .................................. 136 136 39 T–6 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 35,706 35,706 40 T–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 21,477 21,477 41 T–38 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 51,641 51,641 OTHER AIRCRAFT 42 U–2 MODS .................................................................................................................... ....................................... 36,406 36,406 43 KC–10A (ATCA) ............................................................................................................... .................................... 4,243 4,243 44 C–12 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 5,846 5,846 45 VC–25A MOD .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 52,107 52,107 46 C–40 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 31,119 31,119 47 C–130 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................ 66,310 96,110 Propulsion improvement ......................................................................................................... ........................ [26,800] UFR: Procures AC–130J AGM–114 Cape ............................................................................................. .............. [3,000] 48 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 171,230 181,957 Technical adjustments .......................................................................................................... .......................... [10,727] 49 C–135 ....................................................................................................................... ............................................ 69,428 69,428 50 OC–135B ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 23,091 23,091 51 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ........................... 166,541 102,968 Technical adjustment ........................................................................................................... .......................... [–108,173] UFR: Avionics Viability Program (AVP) upgrades ................................................................................. .......... [10,000] UFR: Expected disconnect in air vehicle ........................................................................................ .................. [10,000] UFR: Mission and support equipment ............................................................................................. ................. [24,600] 52 COMBAT FLIGHT INSPECTION (CFIN) ............................................................................................. ................. 495 495 53 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 201,559 201,559 54 E–3 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 189,772 189,772 55 E–4 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 30,493 30,493 56 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 13,232 13,232 57 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ....... 164,786 164,786 58 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS .................................................................................... ...... 24,716 31,353 UFR: Family of Advance Beyond Line of Sight-Terminals .......................................................................... ...... [6,637] 59 H–1 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 3,730 12,230 UFR: UH–1N Safety Enhancements ................................................................................................. ................ [8,500] 60 H–60 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 75,989 75,989 61 RQ–4 MODS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 43,968 83,568 UFR: Replace RQ–4 TFT Antennas ................................................................................................. ................ [39,600] 62 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ......................... 67,674 67,674 63 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................... 59,068 59,068 65 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 264,740 264,740 66 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 60,990 60,990 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 67 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ...................... 1,041,569 1,041,569 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 68 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP ..........................................................................................
......... 75,846 75,846 69 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................... 8,524 8,524 71 T–53A TRAINER ............................................................................................................... ................................... 501 501 POST PRODUCTION SUPPORT 72 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 447 447 73 B–2A ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 38,509 38,509 74 B–52 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 199 199 75 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 12,028 12,028 78 RC–135 ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 29,700 29,700 79 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 20,000 20,000 80 F–15 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 2,524 2,524 81 F–16 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 18,051 18,051 82 F–22A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 119,566 119,566 83 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................... 85,000 85,000 85 RQ–4 POST PRODUCTION CHARGES ................................................................................................ ................. 86,695 86,695 86 CV–22 MODS .................................................................................................................. ..................................... 4,500 4,500 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS 87 INDUSTRIAL RESPONSIVENESS ................................................................................................... ..................... 14,739 14,739 88 C–130J ...................................................................................................................... ........................................... 102,000 –100 Technical adjustments .......................................................................................................... .......................... [–102,000] WAR CONSUMABLES 89 WAR CONSUMABLES ............................................................................................................. ............................ 37,647 37,647 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 90 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES .................................................................................................... ................... 1,339,160 1,339,160 92 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................... 600 600 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 93 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 53,212 53,212 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................................. 15,430,849 20,570,286 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6006 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQUIPMENT—BALLISTIC 1 MISSILE REPLACEMENT EQ-BALLISTIC ............................................................................................. ............. 99,098 119,098 UFR: (NUC) TE Replacement Disconnect ........................................................................................... ............. [20,000] TACTICAL 2 JOINT AIR-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE ........................................................................................... ............. 441,367 441,367 3 LRASM0 ....................................................................................................................... ....................................... 44,728 61,728 UFR: Long Range Anti-Ship Missile (LRASM) ...................................................................................... .......... [17,000] 4 SIDEWINDER (AIM–9X) .......................................................................................................... ............................ 125,350 125,350 5 AMRAAM ....................................................................................................................... ..................................... 304,327 304,327 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... .................... 34,867 34,867 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ....................... 266,030 266,030 INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES 8 INDUSTR’L PREPAREDNS/POL PREVENTION .......................................................................................... ......... 926 926 CLASS IV 9 ICBM FUZE MOD ................................................................................................................ ............................... 6,334 6,334 10 MM III MODIFICATIONS ........................................................................................................ ........................... 80,109 91,109 UFR: (NUC) Upgrade Minimum Essential Emergency Communications Network (MEECN) (MMPU) .................. [11,000] 11 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ............................. 289 289 13 AIR LAUNCH CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ............................................................................................ ................. 36,425 36,425 14 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB ......................................................................................................... ........................ 14,086 14,086 MISSILE SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 15 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ...................... 101,153 101,153 SPECIAL PROGRAMS 20 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... ..................... 32,917 32,917 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 21 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 708,176 708,176 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................. 2,296,182 2,344,182 SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 1 ADVANCED EHF ................................................................................................................. ................................ 56,974 56,974 2 AF SATELLITE COMM SYSTEM ..................................................................................................... .................... 57,516 57,516 3 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 28,798 28,798 4 FAMILY OF BEYOND LINE-OF-SIGHT TERMINALS ..................................................................................... ..... 146,972 159,500 UFR: Family of Advance Beyond Line of Sight-Terminals .......................................................................... ...... [12,528] 5 WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES(SPACE) ......................................................................................... ......... 80,849 80,849 6 GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ........................................................................................................ ........................... 85,894 85,894 7 GLOBAL POSTIONING (SPACE) .................................................................................................... ..................... 2,198 2,198 8 SPACEBORNE EQUIP (COMSEC) .................................................................................................... .................... 25,048 25,048 10 MILSATCOM ................................................................................................................... ................................... 33,033 33,033 11 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY ........................................................................................ ...... 957,420 957,420 12 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEH(SPACE) ........................................................................................ ....... 606,488 606,488 13 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) ........................................................................................................... ................................ 981,009 1,054,809 UFR: SBIRS equipment ........................................................................................................... ....................... [73,800] 14 SBIR HIGH (SPACE) (AP) ...................................................................................................... .............................. 132,420 132,420 15 NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM ...................................................................................................... ...................... 6,370 6,370 16 SPACE MODS .................................................................................................................. .................................... 37,203 58,203 UFR: Fix Enterprise Space Battle Management Command & Control (BMC2) .................................................... [21,000 ] 17 SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM SPACE ................................................................................................ .................. 113,874 113,874 SPARES 18 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ...................... 18,709 18,709 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 3,370,775 3,478,103 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 147,454 147,454 CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ................................... 161,744 161,744 BOMBS 
3 PRACTICE BOMBS ............................................................................................................... .............................. 28,509 28,509 4 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 329,501 329,501 5 MASSIVE ORDNANCE PENETRATOR (MOP) ............................................................................................ .......... 38,382 38,382 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ................. 319,525 319,525 7 B61 .......................................................................................................................... ............................................ 77,068 77,068 8 B61 (AP) ..................................................................................................................... ......................................... 11,239 11,239 OTHER ITEMS 9 CAD/PAD ...................................................................................................................... ...................................... 53,469 53,469 10 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL (EOD) ........................................................................................... ............. 5,921 5,921 11 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 678 678 12 MODIFICATIONS ............................................................................................................... ................................ 1,409 1,409 13 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 5,047 5,047 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 143,983 143,983 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 24,062 24,062 SMALL ARMS 17 SMALL ARMS .................................................................................................................. ................................... 28,611 28,611 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 1,376,602 1,376,602 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ................. 15,651 16,751 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6007 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
UFR: Set the Theater initiative, PACOM ......................................................................................... ................ [1,100] CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 2 MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 54,607 54,607 3 CAP VEHICLES ................................................................................................................. .................................. 1,011 1,011 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ................... 28,670 28,670 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 5 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............... 59,398 70,008 UFR: Set the Theater initiative, PACOM ......................................................................................... ................ [10,610] 6 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 19,784 19,784 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 7 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ........... 14,768 14,768 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 8 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ................. 13,561 17,761 UFR: Set the Theater (StT) PACOM ............................................................................................... ................ [4,200] BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 9 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ........................................................................................... ........ 3,429 16,659 UFR: Set the Theater (StT) PACOM ............................................................................................... ................ [13,230] 10 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ........... 60,075 60,524 UFR: Set the Theater (StT) PACOM ............................................................................................... ................ [449] COMM SECURITY EQUIPMENT(COMSEC) 11 COMSEC EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................ ............................ 115,000 123,000 UFR: Cyber Squadron Initiative ................................................................................................. ..................... [8,000] INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 13 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES .................................................................................... ..... 22,335 22,335 14 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. .............. 5,892 5,892 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 34,072 34,072 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... .............. 66,143 123,343 UFR: Cyber Squadron Initiative (WSCR) .......................................................................................... ............... [8,000] UFR: Deployable Radar Approach Control ......................................................................................... ............. [33,000] UFR: D-ILS Procurement ......................................................................................................... ...................... [16,200] 17 NATIONAL AIRSPACE SYSTEM .................................................................................................... ..................... 12,641 12,641 18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM—FIXED ................................................................................................. ............... 6,415 7,815 UFR: Battle Control System (BCS) Tech Refresh .................................................................................. ............ [1,400] 19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................................ ....... 23,233 23,233 20 WEATHER OBSERVATION FORECAST ................................................................................................ .............. 40,116 70,116 UFR: Installation and Notification Warning System (INWS) (ANG) ................................................................. . [30,000] 21 STRATEGIC COMMAND AND CONTROL ............................................................................................... ............. 72,810 72,810 22 CHEYENNE MOUNTAIN COMPLEX ................................................................................................... ................ 9,864 9,864 23 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .................................................................................................... ...................... 15,486 15,486 25 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN & ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ............................................................................... . 9,187 9,187 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 26 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ........... 51,826 58,126 UFR: AFSPC Cyber Request for CMF Initial Skills Training (IST) Pipeline ...................................................... [6 ,300] 27 AF GLOBAL COMMAND & CONTROL SYS ............................................................................................. ............ 3,634 3,634 28 MOBILITY COMMAND AND CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............. 10,083 10,083 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ............ 201,866 201,866 30 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 115,198 115,198 31 MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMM N .......................................................................................... ........ 292 292 32 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE (WAS) ................................................................................................ .................. 62,087 62,087 33 C3 COUNTERMEASURES .......................................................................................................... .......................... 37,764 37,764 34 GCSS-AF FOS ................................................................................................................. ..................................... 2,826 2,826 35 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTING AND MGMT SYSTEM ............................................................................ 1,5 14 1,514 36 THEATER BATTLE MGT C2 SYSTEM ................................................................................................ ................. 9,646 9,646 37 AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CTR-WPN SYS .......................................................................................... .............. 25,533 25,533 
AIR FORCE COMMUNICATIONS 40 BASE INFORMATION TRANSPT INFRAST (BITI) WIRED ............................................................................... ... 28,159 28,159 41 AFNET ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 160,820 356,420 UFR: ARAD Enterprise Software .................................................................................................. .................. [26,000] UFR: Inst Processing Nodes in FY18 ............................................................................................. .................. [169,600] 42 JOINT COMMUNICATIONS SUPPORT ELEMENT (JCSE) ................................................................................. .. 5,135 5,135 43 USCENTCOM ................................................................................................................... ................................... 18,719 18,719 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 44 TACTICAL C-E EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 123,206 123,206 45 COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATER .............................................................................................. ............ 3,004 3,004 46 RADIO EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. .............................. 15,736 15,736 47 CCTV/AUDIOVISUAL EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. .................. 5,480 5,480 48 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ................... 130,539 130,539 MODIFICATIONS 49 COMM ELECT MODS ............................................................................................................. ............................. 70,798 70,798 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 52,964 137,664 UFR: Battlefield Airman Combat Equipment ....................................................................................... ............ [83,700] UFR: Procure Parachute Phantom Oxygen System ................................................................................... ....... [1,000] DEPOT PLANT+MTRLS HANDLING EQ 52 MECHANIZED MATERIAL HANDLING EQUIP .......................................................................................... ......... 10,381 10,381 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................... 15,038 15,038 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............... 26,287 26,287 55 MOBILITY EQUIPMENT .......................................................................................................... .......................... 8,470 45,150 UFR: Basic Expeditionary Airfield Resources spare requirements in support of the Set the Theater, PACOM ...... [36,680] 56 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 28,768 28,768 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6008 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 58 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. ...................................... 25,985 25,985 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 178,423 178,423 61 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ...................... 840,980 840,980 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 62 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 16,601,513 16,601,513 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 26,675 29,605 UFR: Basic Expeditionary Airfield Resources spare requirements in support of the Set the Theater, PACOM ...... [2,930] TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................... 19,603,497 20,055,896 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD 42 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, OSD ........................................................................................................ ......................... 36,999 36,999 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, NSA 41 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ................................................................................. ... 5,938 5,938 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS 45 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, WHS ........................................................................................................ ......................... 10,529 10,529 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 7 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY ................................................................................................. ............... 24,805 24,805 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. .......................... 46,638 46,638 9 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ...................... 15,541 15,541 10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ...................................................................................... ........... 1,161 1,161 11 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEM NETWORK .......................................................................................... ........ 126,345 126,345 12 CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ................................................................................................... ....................... 1,817 1,817 13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ............................................................................................ .......... 45,243 45,243 14 SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE ................................................................................................ .................. 294,139 294,139 16 JOINT REGIONAL SECURITY STACKS (JRSS) ....................................................................................... ............. 188,483 188,483 17 JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER ...................................................................................................... ......................... 100,783 100,783 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DLA 19 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................. 2,951 2,951 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 23 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................. 1,073 1,073 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCAA 1 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION ................................................................................................... ...................... 1,475 1,475 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS 43 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 9,341 9,341 44 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, TJS—CE2T2 .................................................................................................. .................... 903 903 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY 27 THAAD ....................................................................................................................... ........................................ 451,592 770,992 UFR: Procures additional THAAD Interceptors .................................................................................... ........... [319,400] 28 AEGIS BMD ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 425,018 425,018 29 AEGIS BMD (AP) .............................................................................................................. .................................. 38,738 38,738 30 BMDS AN/TPY–2 RADARS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 947 947 33 AEGIS ASHORE PHASE III ...................................................................................................... ........................... 59,739 59,739 34 IRON DOME ................................................................................................................... .................................... 42,000 92,000 Increase for Co-production of Iron Dome Tamir interceptors ..................................................................... ........ [50,000] 35 AEGIS BMD HARDWARE AND SOFTWARE ............................................................................................. ........... 160,330 160,330 78 DAVID’S SLING ............................................................................................................... ................................... 0 120,000 Increase to DSWS Co-production ................................................................................................. ................... [120,000] 79 ARROW UPPER TIER ............................................................................................................ ............................. 0 120,000 Increase Arrow 3 Co-production ................................................................................................. ..................... [120,000] MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DHRA 3 PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION ..................................................................................................... ................... 14,588 14,588 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 25 VEHICLES .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 204 204 26 OTHER MAJOR EQUIPMENT ....................................................................................................... ...................... 12,363 12,363 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DODEA 21 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS .................................................................................. . 1,910 1,910 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DCMA 
2 MAJOR EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................................. ............................ 4,347 4,347 MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DMACT 20 MAJOR EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................................. ............................. 13,464 13,464 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 46 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 657,759 657,759 AVIATION PROGRAMS 49 ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ........................................................................................ ...... 158,988 145,488 SOCOM requested transfer ....................................................................................................... ...................... [–13,500] 50 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ................................. 13,295 13,295 51 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ........................ 4,892 4,892 52 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 5,769 20,569 UFR: Aircraft loss replacement ................................................................................................. ...................... [14,800] 53 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ................................. 87,345 87,345 55 CV–22 MODIFICATION .......................................................................................................... ............................. 42,178 42,178 57 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ................ 21,660 21,660 59 PRECISION STRIKE PACKAGE .................................................................................................... ...................... 229,728 229,728 60 AC/MC–130J .................................................................................................................. ....................................... 179,934 179,934 61 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................. 28,059 28,059 SHIPBUILDING 62 UNDERWATER SYSTEMS .......................................................................................................... ......................... 92,606 79,806 SOCOM requested transfer ....................................................................................................... ...................... [–12,800] AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6009 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
63 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ........................... 112,331 112,331 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 64 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 82,538 82,538 65 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 11,042 11,042 66 OTHER ITEMS <$5M ............................................................................................................ ............................... 54,592 54,592 67 COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .................... 23,272 23,272 68 SPECIAL PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ............................. 16,053 16,053 69 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ............................. 63,304 63,304 70 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .......................... 252,070 252,070 71 COMBAT MISSION REQUIREMENTS ................................................................................................. ................ 19,570 19,570 72 GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ .......... 3,589 3,589 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... ..... 17,953 17,953 75 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... .................. 241,429 254,679 UFR: Medium Precision Strike munitions ......................................................................................... ............... [13,250] CBDP 76 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS ................................................................................... .. 135,031 135,031 77 CB PROTECTION & HAZARD MITIGATION ........................................................................................... ............ 141,027 141,027 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................................................... 4,835,418 5,446,568 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND 1 JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .......................................................................................... ........ 99,795 99,795 TOTAL JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND .................................................................................... 99,795 99,795 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 1 UNDISTRIBUTED ................................................................................................................ ............................... 0 1,870,600 ERI costs transfer from OCO .................................................................................................... ....................... [1,870,600] TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ...0 1,870,600 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ......113,983,713 140,317,237 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY FIXED WING 4 MQ–1 UAV ..................................................................................................................... ..................................... 87,300 87,300 ROTARY 6 AH–64 APACHE BLOCK IIIA REMAN ................................................................................................ .................. 39,040 39,040 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 15 MQ–1 PAYLOAD (MIP) .......................................................................................................... ............................. 41,400 41,400 18 MULTI SENSOR ABN RECON (MIP) ................................................................................................ ................... 33,475 33,475 23 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP) ...................................................................................................... ........................ 36,000 36,000 27 COMMS, NAV SURVEILLANCE ..................................................................................................... ...................... 4,289 4,289 GROUND SUPPORT AVIONICS 33 CMWS ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 139,742 139,742 34 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ..................................................................................... .. 43,440 43,440 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, ARMY ....................................................................................................... 424,686 424,686 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY AIR-TO-SURFACE MISSILE SYSTEM 5 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ........................ 278,073 278,073 ANTI-TANK/ASSAULT MISSILE SYS 8 JAVELIN (AAWS-M) SYSTEM SUMMARY .............................................................................................. ............. 8,112 8,112 9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY ......................................................................................................... ....................... 3,907 3,907 11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) .................................................................................................. ................... 191,522 191,522 13 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM (HIMARS ............................................................................... 41,000 41,000 14 LETHAL MINIATURE AERIAL MISSILE SYSTEM (LMAMS ............................................................................... 8,669 8,669 MODIFICATIONS 18 STINGER MODS ................................................................................................................ .................................. 28,000 28,000 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......................................................................................................... 559,283 559,283 PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 1 BRADLEY PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. ........................... 200,000 200,000 2 ARMORED MULTI PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ......................................................................................... ....... 253,903 253,903 MODIFICATION OF TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES 6 BRADLEY PROGRAM (MOD) ........................................................................................................ ..................... 30,000 30,000 8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................................... ........ 125,736 125,736 14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) ........................................................................................................ .......................... 138,700 138,700 15 ABRAMS UPGRADE PROGRAM ...................................................................................................... ................... 442,800 442,800 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF W&TCV, ARMY ...................................................................................................... 1,191,139 1,191,139 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY SMALL/MEDIUM CAL AMMUNITION 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6010 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
3 CTG, HANDGUN, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ....................... 5 5 4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................................... ............................ 121 121 5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 1,605 1,605 7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................................... ............................ 35,000 35,000 ARTILLERY AMMUNITION 15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 .............................................................................................. ................ 23,234 23,234 16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL ............................................................................... . 20,023 20,023 MINES 17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES ......................................................................................... ............ 11,615 11,615 ROCKETS 19 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES ...................................................................................... ...... 25,000 25,000 20 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES ................................................................................................. ...................... 75,820 75,820 OTHER AMMUNITION 24 SIGNALS, ALL TYPES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 1,013 1,013 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY ............................................................................................ 193,436 193,436 OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY TACTICAL VEHICLES 10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) .................................................................................... ....... 25,874 25,874 12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV ................................................................................. 38,628 38,628 14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP ................................................................................................ .................... 64,647 64,647 15 MINE-RESISTANT AMBUSH-PROTECTED (MRAP) MODS ................................................................................. 17,508 17,508 COMM—JOINT COMMUNICATIONS 20 SIGNAL MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ................................................................................................ .............. 4,900 4,900 COMM—COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS 41 TRACTOR RIDE ................................................................................................................ .................................. 1,000 1,000 COMM—BASE COMMUNICATIONS 62 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM .............................................................................. 2, 500 2,500 ELECT EQUIP—TACT INT REL ACT (TIARA) 68 DCGS-A (MIP) ................................................................................................................ ..................................... 39,515 39,515 70 TROJAN (MIP) ................................................................................................................ .................................... 21,310 21,310 71 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) ....................................................................................... ................ 2,300 2,300 72 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS) .................................................................................... ...... 14,460 14,460 75 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES (MIP) ................................................................................. .... 5,180 5,180 ELECT EQUIP—ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) 80 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIE ............................................................................... . 16,935 16,935 81 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................. 18, 874 18,874 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL SURV. (TAC SURV) 84 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ........................................................................................................ ............................ 377 377 85 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ................................................................................... .. 60 60 87 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS .................................................................................. .... 57,500 57,500 93 MOD OF IN-SVC EQUIP (LLDR) .................................................................................................. ....................... 3,974 3,974 95 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................................. .................. 2,947 2,947 ELECT EQUIP—TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 98 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS .................................................................................... ....... 9,100 9,100 CHEMICAL DEFENSIVE EQUIPMENT 119 BASE DEFENSE SYSTEMS (BDS) ................................................................................................. ....................... 3,726 3,726 COMBAT SERVICE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 136 HEATERS AND ECU’S .......................................................................................................... ............................... 270 270 142 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ....................... 145 145 143 CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ............................................................................. 1 ,980 1,980 MEDICAL EQUIPMENT 148 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL ..................................................................................................... ...................... 25,690 25,690 MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT 149 MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... ....... 1,124 1,124 CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 153 HYDRAULIC EXCAVATOR ........................................................................................................ ......................... 3,850 3,850 157 HIGH MOBILITY ENGINEER EXCAVATOR (HMEE) .................................................................................... ....... 1,932 1,932 GENERATORS 164 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP ............................................................................................ .............. 569 569 TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
168 TRAINING DEVICES, NONSYSTEM ................................................................................................ .................... 2,700 2,700 TEST MEASURE AND DIG EQUIPMENT (TMD) 173 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) ................................................................................. ...... 7,500 7,500 OTHER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 176 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................. .... 8,500 8,500 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, ARMY ............................................................................................................ 405,575 405,575 JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND NETWORK ATTACK 1 RAPID ACQUISITION AND THREAT RESPONSE ........................................................................................ ........ 483,058 483,058 TOTAL JOINT IMPROVISED-THREAT DEFEAT FUND ...................................................................................... 483,058 483,058 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER AIRCRAFT 27 STUASL0 UAV ................................................................................................................. .................................... 3,900 3,900 MODIFICATION OF AIRCRAFT 34 H–53 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 950 950 35 SH–60 SERIES ................................................................................................................ ...................................... 15,382 15,382 37 EP–3 SERIES ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 7,220 7,220 47 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT .................................................................................................... ...................... 19,855 19,855 51 COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................ ...................... 75,530 75,530 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6011 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
62 QRC ......................................................................................................................... ........................................... 15,150 15,150 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 64 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS ..................................................................................................... ........................ 18,850 18,850 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIP & FACILITIES 66 AIRCRAFT INDUSTRIAL FACILITIES .............................................................................................. .................. 463 463 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................ 157,300 157,300 WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY STRATEGIC MISSILES 3 TOMAHAWK ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 100,086 100,086 TACTICAL MISSILES 7 STANDARD MISSILE ............................................................................................................. ............................. 35,208 35,208 11 HELLFIRE .................................................................................................................... ...................................... 8,771 8,771 12 LASER MAVERICK .............................................................................................................. ............................... 5,040 5,040 MODIFICATION OF MISSILES 17 ESSM ........................................................................................................................ .......................................... 1,768 1,768 GUNS AND GUN MOUNTS 35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS ...................................................................................................... ..................... 1,500 1,500 TOTAL WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ........................................................................................................ 152,373 152,373 PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC NAVY AMMUNITION 1 GENERAL PURPOSE BOMBS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 74,021 74,021 2 JDAM ......................................................................................................................... ......................................... 106,941 106,941 3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES .................................................................................................. .................. 1,184 1,184 7 AIR EXPENDABLE COUNTERMEASURES ............................................................................................... ........... 15,700 15,700 8 JATOS ........................................................................................................................ ......................................... 540 540 12 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION ................................................................................................... ................... 13,789 13,789 13 SMALL ARMS & LANDING PARTY AMMO ............................................................................................. ............ 1,963 1,963 14 PYROTECHNIC AND DEMOLITION .................................................................................................. .................. 765 765 16 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION ............................................................................................. ................ 866 866 MARINE CORPS AMMUNITION 20 MORTARS ..................................................................................................................... ...................................... 1,290 1,290 23 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS .................................................................................................... ..................... 1,355 1,355 24 INFANTRY WEAPONS AMMUNITION ................................................................................................. ............... 1,854 1,854 33 ARTILLERY MUNITIONS ......................................................................................................... .......................... 5,319 5,319 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MC ............................................................................................... 225,587 225,587 OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY OTHER SHIPBOARD EQUIPMENT 25 UNDERWATER EOD PROGRAMS ..................................................................................................... .................. 12,348 12,348 SMALL BOATS 32 STANDARD BOATS .............................................................................................................. ............................... 18,000 18,000 SHIP SONARS 46 SSN ACOUSTIC EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................................... ........................ 43,500 43,500 AVIATION ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 78 NAVAL MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ................ 2,550 2,550 OTHER SHORE ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT 80 TACTICAL/MOBILE C4I SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................... 7,900 7,900 81 DCGS-N ...................................................................................................................... ......................................... 6,392 6,392 CRYPTOLOGIC EQUIPMENT 101 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP ........................................................................................... ........... 2,280 2,280 AIRCRAFT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 119 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................... 29,245 29,245 SHIP MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIPMENT 121 SHIP MISSILE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................. ................. 2,436 2,436 OTHER ORDNANCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 126 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIP .......................................................................................... ............. 31,970 31,970 CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 132 GENERAL PURPOSE TRUCKS ..................................................................................................... ....................... 496 496 134 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................... ........................ 2,304 2,304 135 TACTICAL VEHICLES .......................................................................................................... .............................. 2,336 2,336 SUPPLY SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
141 SUPPLY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................................... ............................. 164 164 143 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION ........................................................................................... .............. 420 420 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 147 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .................................................................................................. ................. 21,650 21,650 152 OPERATING FORCES SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ......................................................................................... .......... 15,800 15,800 154 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................ ........... 1,000 1,000 155 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................ ................... 15,890 15,890 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ....................... 2,200 2,200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 161 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS .................................................................................................... ......................... 1,178 1,178 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, NAVY ............................................................................................................. 220,059 220,059 PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ARTILLERY AND OTHER WEAPONS 6 HIGH MOBILITY ARTILLERY ROCKET SYSTEM ........................................................................................ ...... 5,360 5,360 GUIDED MISSILES 11 JAVELIN ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 2,833 2,833 12 FOLLOW ON TO SMAW ........................................................................................................... ........................... 49 49 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6012 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
13 ANTI-ARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEM-HEAVY (AAWS-H) .................................................................................... .... 5,024 5,024 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 17 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................... .................... 8,241 8,241 OTHER SUPPORT (TEL) 19 MODIFICATION KITS ........................................................................................................... ............................. 750 750 COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NON-TEL) 20 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ........................................................................................ ............ 200 200 RADAR + EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 24 RQ–21 UAS ................................................................................................................... ....................................... 8,400 8,400 INTELL/COMM EQUIPMENT (NON-TEL) 26 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM ......................................................................................................... ........................... 50 50 27 INTELLIGENCE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT .............................................................................................. .............. 3,000 3,000 OTHER SUPPORT (NON-TEL) 37 COMMAND POST SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ ....................... 5,777 5,777 38 RADIO SYSTEMS ............................................................................................................... ................................. 4,590 4,590 ENGINEER AND OTHER EQUIPMENT 53 EOD SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................. ................................... 21,000 21,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ......................................................................................................... 65,274 65,274 AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE OTHER AIRCRAFT 17 MQ–9 ........................................................................................................................ ........................................... 271,080 271,080 AIRLIFT AIRCRAFT 33 C–17A ....................................................................................................................... ........................................... 26,850 26,850 OTHER AIRCRAFT 48 C–130J MODS ................................................................................................................. ...................................... 8,400 8,400 51 COMPASS CALL MODS ........................................................................................................... ........................... 56,720 56,720 56 E–8 ......................................................................................................................... ............................................. 3,000 3,000 62 HC/MC–130 MODIFICATIONS ..................................................................................................... ......................... 153,080 153,080 63 OTHER AIRCRAFT .............................................................................................................. ............................... 10,381 10,381 65 MQ–9 MODS ................................................................................................................... ..................................... 56,400 56,400 AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 67 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS ................................................................................................. ...................... 129,450 129,450 COMMON SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 68 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIP .......................................................................................... ......... 25,417 25,417 TOTAL AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .............................................................................................. 740,778 740,778 MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE TACTICAL 6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE .................................................................................................... .................... 294,480 294,480 7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB .......................................................................................................... ....................... 90,920 90,920 CLASS IV 11 AGM–65D MAVERICK ............................................................................................................ ............................. 10,000 10,000 TOTAL MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................. 395,400 395,400 SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE SPACE PROGRAMS 10 MILSATCOM ................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,256 2,256 TOTAL SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE .................................................................................................... 2,256 2,256 PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ROCKETS 1 ROCKETS ...................................................................................................................... ..................................... 49,050 49,050 CARTRIDGES 2 CARTRIDGES ................................................................................................................... ................................... 11,384 11,384 BOMBS 6 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION ................................................................................................. ................. 390,577 390,577 FLARES 15 FLARES ...................................................................................................................... ........................................ 3,498 3,498 FUZES 16 FUZES ....................................................................................................................... ......................................... 47,000 47,000 TOTAL PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ................................................................................... 501,509 501,509 OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 1 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ................. 3,855 3,855 
CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES ................................................................................................... ................... 1,882 1,882 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES 5 SECURITY AND TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................... ............... 1,100 1,100 6 SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES ..................................................................................................... ..................... 32,479 32,479 FIRE FIGHTING EQUIPMENT 7 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES .......................................................................................... ........... 22,583 22,583 MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT 8 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES .................................................................................................. ................. 5,353 5,353 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT 9 RUNWAY SNOW REMOV & CLEANING EQUIP ........................................................................................... ........ 11,315 11,315 10 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ........... 40,451 40,451 INTELLIGENCE PROGRAMS 13 INTERNATIONAL INTEL TECH & ARCHITECTURES .................................................................................... ..... 8,873 8,873 15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT ................................................................................................. ................ 2,000 2,000 ELECTRONICS PROGRAMS 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6013 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
16 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYS ........................................................................................... .............. 56,500 56,500 19 THEATER AIR CONTROL SYS IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................................ ....... 4,970 4,970 SPCL COMM-ELECTRONICS PROJECTS 29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM .......................................................................................... ............ 3,000 3,000 ORGANIZATION AND BASE 48 BASE COMM INFRASTRUCTURE .................................................................................................... ................... 55,000 55,000 PERSONAL SAFETY & RESCUE EQUIP 51 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 8,469 8,469 BASE SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 53 BASE PROCURED EQUIPMENT ..................................................................................................... .................... 7,500 7,500 54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT ............................................................................................... ............... 80,427 80,427 56 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION .................................................................................................. ....................... 110,405 110,405 SPECIAL SUPPORT PROJECTS 58 DARP RC135 .................................................................................................................. ...................................... 700 700 59 DCGS-AF ..................................................................................................................... ........................................ 9,200 9,200 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ....................... 3,542,825 3,542,825 TOTAL OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ................................................................................................... 4,008,887 4,008,887 PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DISA 8 TELEPORT PROGRAM ............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,979 1,979 18 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK ......................................................................................... ....... 12,000 12,000 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................................ ....................... 43,653 43,653 AVIATION PROGRAMS 46 MANNED ISR .................................................................................................................. .................................... 15,900 15,900 47 MC–12 ....................................................................................................................... .......................................... 20,000 20,000 50 UNMANNED ISR ................................................................................................................ ................................. 38,933 38,933 51 NON-STANDARD AVIATION ....................................................................................................... ........................ 9,600 9,600 52 U–28 ........................................................................................................................ ............................................ 8,100 8,100 53 MH–47 CHINOOK ............................................................................................................... ................................. 10,270 10,270 57 MQ–9 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE ................................................................................................ ................ 19,780 19,780 61 C–130 MODIFICATIONS ......................................................................................................... ............................. 3,750 3,750 AMMUNITION PROGRAMS 63 ORDNANCE ITEMS <$5M ......................................................................................................... ........................... 62,643 62,643 OTHER PROCUREMENT PROGRAMS 64 INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS ........................................................................................................ .......................... 12,000 12,000 69 TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................................... ............................. 38,527 38,527 70 WARRIOR SYSTEMS <$5M ........................................................................................................ .......................... 20,215 20,215 73 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ....................................................................................... ..... 7,134 7,134 75 OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS .................................................................................................... .................. 193,542 209,442 UFR: Joint Task Force Platform Expansion ....................................................................................... .............. [15,900] TOTAL PROCUREMENT, DEFENSE-WIDE ......................................................................................................... 518,026 533,926 UNDISTRIBUTED 1 UNDISTRIBUTED ................................................................................................................ ............................... –1,870,600 ERI costs transfer from OCO to base ............................................................................................ ................... [–1,870,600] TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................... ...0 0 TOTAL PROCUREMENT............................................................................................................................... ......10,244,626 8,389,926 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601101A IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................... 12,010 12,010  2 0601102A DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ..... 263,590 273,590 Basic research program increase .............................................................................................. [1 0,000] 3 0601103A UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... . 67,027 67,027 4 0601104A UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS ................................................................. 87,395 92,3 95 Basic research program increase .............................................................................................. [5 ,000] 235 111111 UNDISTRIBUTED BASIC RESEARCH ........................................................................................ .. 0 10,000 Modernizing Army capabilities and Third Offset ....................................................................... [10,000] SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................... 430,022 455,022 APPLIED RESEARCH 5 0602105A MATERIALS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ........ 29,640 39,640 Strategic materials ............................................................................................................ ...... [10,000] 6 0602120A SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY .......................................................................... 35,730  35,730 7 0602122A TRACTOR HIP ......................................................................................................... .................... 8,627 8,627 8 0602211A AVIATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .......... 66,086 61,086 General program reduction ...................................................................................................... [–5,000] 9 0602270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 27, 144 27,144 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6014 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
10 0602303A MISSILE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ............. 43,742 43,742 11 0602307A ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 2 2,785 22,785 12 0602308A ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND SIMULATION ................................................................................ 28, 650 28,650 13 0602601A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................. 67,232 67,232 14 0602618A BALLISTICS TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. .......... 85,309 85,309 15 0602622A CHEMICAL, SMOKE AND EQUIPMENT DEFEATING TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 4,004 4,004 16 0602623A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................. 5, 615 5,615 17 0602624A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 41,4 55 41,455 18 0602705A ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES .............................................................................. 58, 352 58,352 19 0602709A NIGHT VISION TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................ ........ 34,723 34,723 20 0602712A COUNTERMINE SYSTEMS ................................................................................................ ........... 26,190 26,190 21 0602716A HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 24,127 24 ,127 22 0602720A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................. 21,67 8 21,678 23 0602782A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ...................................................... 33,123 38,123 Position, navigation, and timing technologies ........................................................................... [5,000]  24 0602783A COMPUTER AND SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................. 14,041  14,041 25 0602784A MILITARY ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 67 ,720 67,720 26 0602785A MANPOWER/PERSONNEL/TRAINING TECHNOLOGY ................................................................. 20,216 20,21 6 27 0602786A WARFIGHTER TECHNOLOGY .............................................................................................. ....... 39,559 39,559 28 0602787A MEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. ........... 83,434 83,434 236 222222 UNDISTRIBUTED APPLIED RESEARCH ..................................................................................... 0  15,000 Modernizing Army capabilities and Third Offset ....................................................................... [15,000] SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 889,182 914,182 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 29 0603001A WARFIGHTER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. 44,8 63 44,863 30 0603002A MEDICAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ 67,780 67,780 31 0603003A AVIATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 160,746 140,746 Platform design & structure systems ......................................................................................... [–2 0,000] 32 0603004A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 84,079 84,079 33 0603005A COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ......................................... 125,537 125,537 34 0603006A SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 12,231 12 ,231 35 0603007A MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .................................... 6,466 6,466 36 0603009A TRACTOR HIKE ....................................................................................................... ................... 28,552 28,552 37 0603015A NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ........................................................ 16,434 16,434 39 0603125A COMBATING TERRORISM—TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ..................................................... 26,903 26,903 40 0603130A TRACTOR NAIL ....................................................................................................... .................... 4,880 4,880 41 0603131A TRACTOR EGGS ....................................................................................................... ................... 4,326 4,326 42 0603270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................... 31 ,296 31,296 43 0603313A MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................... 62,850 62, 850 44 0603322A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ................... 12,323 12,323 45 0603461A HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ........................................... 182,331 222,331 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..... [40,000] 46 0603606A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................... 17,948 17,948 47 0603607A JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM ................................................................................. 5, 796 5,796 48 0603710A NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 47, 135 47,135 49 0603728A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................. 10,421 10,421 50 0603734A MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 32,448 27,448  Combat engineering system ...................................................................................................... [–5,000] 51 0603772A ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE AND SENSOR TECHNOLOGY ............................. 52,206 52,206 52 0603794A C3 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 33,426 33,426 237 333333 UNDISTRIBUTED ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................................. 0 20,000 Modernizing Army capabilities and Third Offset ....................................................................... [20,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 1,070,977 1,105,977 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 53 0603305A ARMY MISSLE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ................................................................... 9,634 9,6 34 55 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING .............................................................. 33,949 33, 949 56 0603619A LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER—ADV DEV ..................................................................... 72,909 72, 909 57 0603627A SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS—ADV DEV ............................................. 7,135 7,135 58 0603639A TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION ........................................................................... 41,452  65,902 UFR: Munitions and CM development ...................................................................................... [24,450]  59 0603645A ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION—ADV DEV .................................................................... 32,739 102, 739 UFR: Supports development of critical ground combat vehicle technologies ................................ [70,000] 60 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ................................................................................ 10 ,157 10,157 61 0603766A TACTICAL ELECTRONIC SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—ADV DEV ................................................. 27,733 29,353 UFR: Funds of the Advanced Miniaturized Data Acquisition System-Next ................................. [1,620] 
62 0603774A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 12,347 12,34 7 63 0603779A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—DEM/VAL ........................................................... 10,456 10,456 64 0603790A NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 2 ,588 2,588 65 0603801A AVIATION—ADV DEV ................................................................................................... .............. 14,055 14,055 66 0603804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ADV DEV ................................................................ 35,333 35,3 33 67 0603807A MEDICAL SYSTEMS—ADV DEV ............................................................................................ ...... 33,491 33,491 68 0603827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT .................................................................... 20,239 20,2 39 69 0604017A ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... ......... 39,608 44,608 UFR: Accelerate armed Robotic Wingman development ............................................................. [5,000] 70 0604100A ANALYSIS OF ALTERNATIVES ........................................................................................... ........ 9,921 9,921 71 0604114A LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMD) SENSOR ........................................................... 76,728 76,7 28 72 0604115A TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ............................................................................... 115 ,221 115,221 73 0604117A MANEUVER—SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (M-SHORAD) ......................................................... 20,000 20,000 74 0604118A TRACTOR BEAM ....................................................................................................... .................. 10,400 10,400 75 0604120A ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ...................................................... 164,967 165,0 93 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6015 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
UFR: Fully funds Anti-Jam Antenna development and testing .................................................. [126] 76 0604121A SYNTHETIC TRAINING ENVIRONMENT REFINEMENT & PROTOTYPING ................................. 1,600 1,600 77 0604319A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INCREMENT 2–INTERCEPT (IFPC2) ..................... 11,303 11,303 78 0305251A CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ................................................... 56,492 56,492 79 1206308A ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... 20,432 20,432 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................890,889 992,085 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 80 0604201A AIRCRAFT AVIONICS .................................................................................................. ............... 30,153 42,153 UFR: Funds implementation of Assured Position, Navigation, and Timing (A-PNT) ................... [12,000] 81 0604270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 71, 671 71,671 83 0604290A MID-TIER NETWORKING VEHICULAR RADIO (MNVR) ............................................................. 10,589 10,58 9 84 0604321A ALL SOURCE ANALYSIS SYSTEM ......................................................................................... ...... 4,774 4,774 85 0604328A TRACTOR CAGE ....................................................................................................... ................... 17,252 30,252 UFR: Provides the Army’s Cyber Mission Force (CMF) with classified cyber tools ...................... [13,000] 86 0604601A INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS ........................................................................................... ..... 87,643 93,643 UFR: Acceleration of qualification of XM914 and XM913 .......................................................... [6,000] 87 0604604A MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLES ........................................................................................... ....... 6,039 6,039 88 0604611A JAVELIN ............................................................................................................ .......................... 21,095 21,095 89 0604622A FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES ................................................................................ 10 ,507 10,507 90 0604633A AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL ................................................................................................ ............. 3,536 3,536 92 0604642A LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES .................................................................................... 7,000 7,000 93 0604645A ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM)—ENG DEV ........................................................ 36,242 36,242 94 0604710A NIGHT VISION SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ....................................................................................... ... 108,504 126,004 UFR: Develop Thermal Weapon Sights ..................................................................................... [17,500]  95 0604713A COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT ................................................................... 3,702 3,7 02 96 0604715A NON-SYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES—ENG DEV ........................................................................... 43,57 5 43,575 97 0604741A AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE—ENG DEV .................................... 28,726 28,726 98 0604742A CONSTRUCTIVE SIMULATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 18,562 18,562 99 0604746A AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 8,344 8,3 44 100 0604760A DISTRIBUTIVE INTERACTIVE SIMULATIONS (DIS)—ENG DEV ................................................ 11,270 11,270 101 0604768A BRILLIANT ANTI-ARMOR SUBMUNITION (BAT) ....................................................................... 10,00 0 10,000 102 0604780A COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE .............................................................. 18,566 18, 566 103 0604798A BRIGADE ANALYSIS, INTEGRATION AND EVALUATION .......................................................... 145,360 145, 360 104 0604802A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS—ENG DEV ..................................................................................... 145,232 161,410 UFR: 105mm Anti-Personnel / Wall Breach Ammunition ............................................................ [8,000] UFR: Devops the 40mm Low Velocity M320 Door Breaching cartridge ........................................ [4,178] UFR: Testing for the Anti-Tank Confined Space Tandem Warhead ........................................... [4,000] 105 0604804A LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................................................................ 90,965 90, 965 106 0604805A COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS—ENG DEV ............................................ 9,910 9,910 107 0604807A MEDICAL MATERIEL/MEDICAL BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE EQUIPMENT—ENG DEV ................... 39,238 39,238 108 0604808A LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER—ENG DEV .............................................................................. 34,6 84 34,684 109 0604818A ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE .................................... 164,409 164,409 110 0604820A RADAR DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................. ............ 32,968 32,968 111 0604822A GENERAL FUND ENTERPRISE BUSINESS SYSTEM (GFEBS) ..................................................... 49,554 49,554 112 0604823A FIREFINDER ........................................................................................................ ....................... 45,605 45,605 113 0604827A SOLDIER SYSTEMS—WARRIOR DEM/VAL ................................................................................. 16 ,127 16,127 114 0604852A SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS—EMD ................................................... 98,600 133,600 UFR: Expands installation of Active Protection Systems ........................................................... [25,000] UFR: Modular Active Protection System .................................................................................. [10,000]  115 0604854A ARTILLERY SYSTEMS—EMD ............................................................................................. ........ 1,972 3,972 UFR: Funds research for 55 cal tube ........................................................................................ [2,0 00] 116 0605013A INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 81,776 8 1,776 117 0605018A INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM-ARMY (IPPS-A) ................................................. 172,361 172,361 118 0605028A ARMORED MULTI-PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) ........................................................................ 199,77 8 199,778 119 0605029A INTEGRATED GROUND SECURITY SURVEILLANCE RESPONSE CAPABILITY (IGSSR-C) ......... 4,418 4,418 120 0605030A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................................................ 15 ,877 15,877 121 0605031A JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ...................................................................................... ....... 44,150 44,150 122 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... ..................... 34,670 113,570 UFR: Develops Offensive Cyber Operations capabilities ............................................................ [78,900] 123 0605033A GROUND-BASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM—EXPEDITIONARY (GBOSS-E) ..... 5,207 5,207 124 0605034A TACTICAL SECURITY SYSTEM (TSS) .................................................................................... ..... 4,727 4,727 125 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) ................................................................ 105,778 105 ,778 126 0605036A COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ....................................................... 6,927 6,927 127 0605037A EVIDENCE COLLECTION AND DETAINEE PROCESSING ........................................................... 214 214 128 0605038A NUCLEAR BIOLOGICAL CHEMICAL RECONNAISSANCE VEHICLE (NBCRV) SENSOR SUITE ... 16,125 16,125 129 0605041A DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................... 55, 165 55,165 130 0605042A TACTICAL NETWORK RADIO SYSTEMS (LOW-TIER) ................................................................ 20,076 20 ,076 131 0605047A CONTRACT WRITING SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ........ 20,322 22 Consolidate requirements ....................................................................................................... .. [–20,300] 132 0605049A MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) .......................................................... 55,810 210,81 0 UFR: Supports Directed Requirement for Limited Interim Missile Warning System to detect Enemy (MANPADS). [155,000] 133 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 30,8 79 30,879 134 0605052A INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 2—BLOCK 1 ................................................... 175,069 175,06 9 135 0605053A GROUND ROBOTICS ...................................................................................................
................ 70,760 70,760 137 0605380A AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM (JTRS) .......................................................................... 8, 965 8,965 138 0605450A JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ .. 34,626 34,626 140 0605457A ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ...................................................... 336,420 136,4 20 Early to need .................................................................................................................. ........ [–200,000] 143 0605766A NATIONAL CAPABILITIES INTEGRATION (MIP) ....................................................................... 6,88 2 9,382 UFR: Funds development for Remote Ground Terminal ............................................................. [2,500] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6016 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
144 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOP-MENT PH. 23,467 23,467 145 0605830A AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT ............................................................................. 6,93 0 6,930 146 0210609A PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) .......................................................................... 6,112  6,112 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... ..................... 4,431 4,431 150 0304270A ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 14 ,616 14,616 151 1205117A TRACTOR BEARS ..................................................................................................... ................... 17,928 17,928 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 3,012,840 3,130,618 RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 152 0604256A THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... 22,862 22,862 153 0604258A TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 13,902 13,902 154 0604759A MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ........... 102,901 102,901 155 0605103A RAND ARROYO CENTER ................................................................................................ ............. 20,140 20,140 156 0605301A ARMY KWAJALEIN ATOLL .............................................................................................. ........... 246,663 251,025 UFR: Increases funding for facilities sustainment from 75% to 83% ........................................... [4,362] 157 0605326A CONCEPTS EXPERIMENTATION PROGRAM .............................................................................. 29,8 20 29,820 159 0605601A ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES ................................................................................... ... 307,588 307,588 160 0605602A ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ................................................. 49,242 49,242 161 0605604A SURVIVABILITY/LETHALITY ANALYSIS .................................................................................. . 41,843 41,843 162 0605606A AIRCRAFT CERTIFICATION ............................................................................................ ........... 4,804 4,804 163 0605702A METEOROLOGICAL SUPPORT TO RDT&E ACTIVITIES ............................................................ 7,238 7,238 164 0605706A MATERIEL SYSTEMS ANALYSIS ......................................................................................... ....... 21,890 21,890 165 0605709A EXPLOITATION OF FOREIGN ITEMS ..................................................................................... .... 12,684 12,684 166 0605712A SUPPORT OF OPERATIONAL TESTING .................................................................................... .. 51,040 51,040 167 0605716A ARMY EVALUATION CENTER ............................................................................................ ........ 56,246 56,246 168 0605718A ARMY MODELING & SIM X-CMD COLLABORATION & INTEG .................................................. 1,829 1,829 169 0605801A PROGRAMWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................ ......... 55,060 55,060 170 0605803A TECHNICAL INFORMATION ACTIVITIES .................................................................................. . 33,934 33,934 171 0605805A MUNITIONS STANDARDIZATION, EFFECTIVENESS AND SAFETY ........................................... 43,444 43,444 172 0605857A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ................................................. 5,087 5,087 173 0605898A ARMY DIRECT REPORT HEADQUARTERS—R&D—MHA ........................................................... 54,679 54,679 174 0606001A MILITARY GROUND-BASED CREW TECHNOLOGY .................................................................... 7,916 7,9 16 175 0606002A RONALD REAGAN BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST SITE ................................................... 61,254 61,254 176 0303260A DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION INITIATIVE .......................................................................... 1,7 79 1,779 SUBTOTAL RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................... 1,253,845 1,258,207 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 178 0603778A MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................................................ 8,929 8,929 179 0603813A TRACTOR PULL ...................................................................................................... .................... 4,014 4,014 180 0605024A ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ................................................................................... 4 ,094 4,094 181 0607131A WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................... 15,738 15,738 182 0607133A TRACTOR SMOKE ..................................................................................................... .................. 4,513 4,513 183 0607134A LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF) ................................................................................. ... 102,014 144,745 UFR: Accelerates LRPF procurement from FY25 ....................................................................... [42,731] 184 0607135A APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........................................................................ 59,977 5 9,977 185 0607136A BLACKHAWK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................ 34,416 34,416  186 0607137A CHINOOK PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ...................................................................... 194,567 1 94,567 187 0607138A FIXED WING PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................................. 9,981 9,981  188 0607139A IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM ................................................................................. 20 4,304 204,304 189 0607140A EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES FROM NIE .................................................................................... . 1,023 1,023 190 0607141A LOGISTICS AUTOMATION .............................................................................................. ............ 1,504 1,504 191 0607142A AVIATION ROCKET SYSTEM PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT AND DEVELOPMENT ....................... 10,064 18,064 UFR: Qualifies M282 for use by AH–64 aircraft ......................................................................... [8,000] 192 0607143A UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS ........................................................ 38,463 38,463 193 0607665A FAMILY OF BIOMETRICS .............................................................................................. ............. 6,159 6,159 194 0607865A PATRIOT PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT ....................................................................................... .. 90,217 180,217 UFR: Funds Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD)/Missile Segment Enhanced (MSE) integration. [90,000] 195 0202429A AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT—COCOM EXERCISE ...................................................................... 6,749 6 ,749 196 0203728A JOINT AUTOMATED DEEP OPERATION COORDINATION SYSTEM (JADOCS) .......................... 33,520 33,520 197 0203735A COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ....................................................................... 343,175 351,175 Laser warning sensor suite ..................................................................................................... . [4,000] UFR: Accelerate the development of the M88A2E1 ..................................................................... [4,000] 198 0203740A MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ...... 6,639 6,639 199 0203743A 155MM SELF-PROPELLED HOWITZER IMPROVEMENTS .......................................................... 40,784 40,784 200 0203744A AIRCRAFT MODIFICATIONS/PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ...................................... 39,358 39,358 201 0203752A AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................. 145 145 202 0203758A DIGITIZATION ...................................................................................................... ...................... 4,803 4,803 
203 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ................................................. 2,723 28,723 UFR: Supports research for the Stinger Product Improvement Program (PIP) ............................ [26,000] 204 0203802A OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ......................................................... 5,000 5,000 205 0203808A TRACTOR CARD ...................................................................................................... .................... 37,883 37,883 207 0205410A MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT ...................................................................................... .. 1,582 1,582 208 0205412A ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY—OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEV ............................ 195 195 209 0205456A LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ...................................................... 78,926 78,926  210 0205778A GUIDED MULTIPLE-LAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) ........................................................ 102,807 102,80 7 213 0303028A SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................ 13 ,807 35,652 UFR: Funds Offensive Cyber capabilities development .............................................................. [21,845] 214 0303140A INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................... 132,438  132,438 215 0303141A GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... . 64,370 64,370 217 0303150A WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................... 10,475 10,475 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6017 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
220 0305172A COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... 1,100 1,100 222 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................... 9, 433 9,433 223 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 5,080 5,080 224 0305208A DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................ 24,700 4,700 Change in tactical requirements ............................................................................................... [ –20,000] 225 0305219A MQ–1C GRAY EAGLE UAS .............................................................................................. ............. 9,574 9,574 226 0305232A RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ......................... 2,191 2,191 227 0305233A RQ–7 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 12,773 12,773 228 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE ................................................................................... . 2,537 2,537 229 0310349A WIN-T INCREMENT 2—INITIAL NETWORKING .......................................................................... 4,72 3 723 Change in tactical requirements ............................................................................................... [ –4,000] 230 0708045A END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 60,877 60, 877 231 1203142A SATCOM GROUND ENVIRONMENT (SPACE) .............................................................................. 11, 959 11,959 232 1208053A JOINT TACTICAL GROUND SYSTEM ...................................................................................... .... 10,228 10,228 234 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 7,154 7,154 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 1,877,685 2,050,261 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ...................................................... 9,425,440 9,906,352 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601103N UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... . 118,130 123,130 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..... [5,000] 2 0601152N IN-HOUSE LABORATORY INDEPENDENT RESEARCH ............................................................... 19,438 19,438  3 0601153N DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ..... 458,333 458,333 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................... 595,901 600,901 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602114N POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................... 13,5 53 13,553 5 0602123N FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................... 125, 557 125,557 6 0602131M MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................... 53,936 53, 936 7 0602235N COMMON PICTURE APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................................................. 36, 450 36,450 8 0602236N WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................................. 48,649 48,64 9 9 0602271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................... 79,598 79,598  10 0602435N OCEAN WARFIGHTING ENVIRONMENT APPLIED RESEARCH .................................................. 42,411 57,411 Research vessel refit .......................................................................................................... ...... [15,000] 11 0602651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................... 6,425 6,425  12 0602747N UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................. 56,09 4 81,094 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..... [25,000] 13 0602750N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................................. 156,805 156 ,805 14 0602782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH ................................................. 32,733 32,733 15 0602792N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) APPLIED RESEARCH .............................................. 171,146 161,146 General decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–10,000] 16 0602861N SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT—ONR FIELD ACITIVITIES ................................. 62,722 62,722 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 886,079 916,079 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 19 0603123N FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 26,342 26 ,342 20 0603271N ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ...................................................... 9,360 9,360 21 0603640M USMC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) ..................................................... 154,407 149,407 Futures directorate ............................................................................................................ ..... [–5,000] 22 0603651M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................... 13,448 13,448 23 0603673N FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................... 231,772 226,772 Capable manpower, enterprise and platform enablers ................................................................ [–5,000] 24 0603680N MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 57,797 57,797 25 0603729N WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................... 4,878 4,878 27 0603758N NAVY WARFIGHTING EXPERIMENTS AND DEMONSTRATIONS ............................................... 64,889 64,889 28 0603782N MINE AND EXPEDITIONARY WARFARE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ........................................ 15,164 30,164 Maritime intelligence, surveillance, and reconaissance technology ............................................. [15,000] 29 0603801N INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES (INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......... 108,285 123,285 Underwater unmanned vehicle prototypes ................................................................................ [15,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 686,342 706,342 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 30 0603207N AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... .. 48,365 48,365 31 0603216N AVIATION SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................................. .......... 5,566 5,566 
33 0603251N AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS ................................................................................................... ............... 695 695 34 0603254N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................ ...... 7,661 7,661 35 0603261N TACTICAL AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE ................................................................................. 3, 707 3,707 36 0603382N ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 61,381 6 1,381 37 0603502N SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES ................................................ 154,117 128,117 PLUS experimentation ........................................................................................................... . [10,000] Reduce Barracuda ............................................................................................................... ... [–16,000] Reduce Snakehead ............................................................................................................... ... [–20,000] 38 0603506N SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE ....................................................................................... ... 14,974 14,974 39 0603512N CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .. 9,296 9,296 40 0603525N PILOT FISH ......................................................................................................... ........................ 132,083 132,083 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... .................. 15,407 15,407 42 0603536N RETRACT JUNIPER .................................................................................................... ................. 122,413 122,413 43 0603542N RADIOLOGICAL CONTROL ............................................................................................... .......... 745 745 44 0603553N SURFACE ASW ........................................................................................................ .................... 1,136 1,136 45 0603561N ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 100,955 100 ,955 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6018 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
46 0603562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............................................................................ 13,83 4 13,834 47 0603563N SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN ....................................................................................... ... 36,891 36,891 48 0603564N SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ............................................................ 12,012 42, 012 Aircraft carrier preliminary design ........................................................................................... [ 30,000] 49 0603570N ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 32 9,500 329,500 50 0603573N ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS ........................................................................... 29,953  29,953 51 0603576N CHALK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ .................... 191,610 191,610 52 0603581N LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP (LCS) ......................................................................................... ........ 40,991 33,991 Excess program support ......................................................................................................... .. [–7,000] 53 0603582N COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION .......................................................................................... .... 24,674 24,674 54 0603595N OHIO REPLACEMENT ................................................................................................... .............. 776,158 776,158 55 0603596N LCS MISSION MODULES ................................................................................................ ............. 116,871 116,871 56 0603597N AUTOMATED TEST AND ANALYSIS ........................................................................................ ... 8,052 8,052 57 0603599N FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................ .......... 143,450 143,450 58 0603609N CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ........ 8,909 8,909 60 0603635M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................ 1,428 1,428 61 0603654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 53,367 53,367 63 0603713N OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 8,212 8,212 64 0603721N ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION ........................................................................................... .... 20,214 20,214 65 0603724N NAVY ENERGY PROGRAM ................................................................................................ .......... 50,623 50,623 66 0603725N FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT ............................................................................................. ......... 2,837 2,837 67 0603734N CHALK CORAL ........................................................................................................ .................... 245,143 245,143 68 0603739N NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY ......................................................................................... ...... 2,995 2,995 69 0603746N RETRACT MAPLE ...................................................................................................... ................. 306,101 306,101 70 0603748N LINK PLUMERIA ...................................................................................................... .................. 253,675 253,675 71 0603751N RETRACT ELM ........................................................................................................ .................... 55,691 55,691 72 0603764N LINK EVERGREEN ..................................................................................................... ................. 48,982 48,982 74 0603790N NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 9 ,099 9,099 75 0603795N LAND ATTACK TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 33,568 33,568 76 0603851M JOINT NON-LETHAL WEAPONS TESTING .................................................................................. 2 9,873 29,873 77 0603860N JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS—DEM/VAL ........................................ 106,391 106,391 78 0603925N DIRECTED ENERGY AND ELECTRIC WEAPON SYSTEMS .......................................................... 107,310 107,31 0 79 0604112N GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER (CVN 78—80) .................................... 83,935 83,935 81 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) .......................... 46,844 46,844 83 0604286M MARINE CORPS ADDITIVE MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................... 6,200 6,200 85 0604320M RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE ...................................................................... 7,055 17 ,055 Increase rapid acquisition capability for Marine Corps Warfighting Lab .................................... [10,000] 86 0604454N LX (R) ............................................................................................................. ............................. 9,578 9,578 87 0604536N ADVANCED UNDERSEA PROTOTYPING .................................................................................... 66 ,543 13,643 Funding early to need .......................................................................................................... ... [–52,900] 89 0604659N PRECISION STRIKE WEAPONS DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM ...................................................... 31,315 31,315 90 0604707N SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) ARCHITECTURE/ENGINEERING SUPPORT .......... 42,851 42,851 91 0604786N OFFENSIVE ANTI-SURFACE WARFARE WEAPON DEVELOPMENT ........................................... 160,694 160,694 93 0303354N ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................................ 8,278 8,278 94 0304240M ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM .......................................................... 7,979 7,979 95 0304270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT—MIP ........................................................................ 527 527 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................4,218,714 4,172,814 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 96 0603208N TRAINING SYSTEM AIRCRAFT ........................................................................................... ........ 16,945 16,945 97 0604212N OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................. ...... 26,786 26,786 98 0604214N AV–8B AIRCRAFT—ENG DEV ............................................................................................. ......... 48,780 48,780 99 0604215N STANDARDS DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................................. ....... 2,722 2,722 100 0604216N MULTI-MISSION HELICOPTER UPGRADE DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 5,371 5,371 101 0604218N AIR/OCEAN EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING ................................................................................... . 782 782 102 0604221N P–3 MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ......................................................................................... ...... 1,361 1,361 103 0604230N WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM ............................................................................................ ........ 14,167 14,167 104 0604231N TACTICAL COMMAND SYSTEM ........................................................................................... ....... 55,695 55,695 105 0604234N ADVANCED HAWKEYE .................................................................................................. ............. 292,535 292,535 106 0604245N H–1 UPGRADES ...................................................................................................... ..................... 61,288 61,288 107 0604261N ACOUSTIC SEARCH SENSORS ........................................................................................... .......... 37,167 37,167 108 0604262N V–22A ............................................................................................................. .............................. 171,386 186,386 UFR: MV–22 Common Configuration CC-RAM improvements .................................................... [15,000] 109 0604264N AIR CREW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... .. 13,235 33,235 Physiological Episode prize competition ................................................................................... [10,0 00] 
Physiological episodes ......................................................................................................... .... [10,000] 110 0604269N EA–18 ............................................................................................................. .............................. 173,488 173,488 111 0604270N ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 54 ,055 57,055 UFR: Intrepid Tiger UH–1Y Jettison Capability ........................................................................ [3,000] 112 0604273N EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 451,938 451,938 113 0604274N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) ...................................................................................... ..... 632,936 632,936 114 0604280N JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM—NAVY (JTRS-NAVY) ........................................................... 4,310 4,310  115 0604282N NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II .................................................................. 66,686 66,686 116 0604307N SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING ........................................................ 390,238 390,238  117 0604311N LPD–17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION .................................................................................. .. 689 689 118 0604329N SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ......................................................................................... ....... 112,846 112,846 119 0604366N STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS ..................................................................................... . 158,578 158,578 120 0604373N AIRBORNE MCM ...................................................................................................... ................... 15,734 15,734 122 0604378N NAVAL INTEGRATED FIRE CONTROL—COUNTER AIR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING .................... 25,445 25,445 124 0604501N ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ...................................................................................... . 87,233 87,233 125 0604503N SSN–688 AND TRIDENT MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. 130,981 130,981 126 0604504N AIR CONTROL ....................................................................................................... ...................... 75,186 75,186 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6019 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
127 0604512N SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS ........................................................................................ ...... 177,926 177,926 128 0604518N COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION ....................................................................... 8,062 8 ,062 129 0604522N AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .............................................................. 32,090 32 ,090 130 0604558N NEW DESIGN SSN .................................................................................................... .................... 120,087 120,087 131 0604562N SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM ............................................................................. 50,8 50 50,850 132 0604567N SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/ LIVE FIRE T&E ............................................................................... . 67,166 67,166 133 0604574N NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES ................................................................................ 4, 817 4,817 134 0604580N VIRGINIA PAYLOAD MODULE (VPM) ..................................................................................... ... 72,861 72,861 135 0604601N MINE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................................. .............. 25,635 25,635 136 0604610N LIGHTWEIGHT TORPEDO DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 28, 076 28,076 137 0604654N JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT ........................................................ 7,561 7,561 138 0604703N PERSONNEL, TRAINING, SIMULATION, AND HUMAN FACTORS .............................................. 40,828 40,828 139 0604727N JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... .. 435 435 140 0604755N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) ............................................................................. 1 61,713 164,713 UFR: Ship C2 Systems for Amphibs .......................................................................................... [3,00 0] 141 0604756N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ............................................................................ 2 12,412 212,412 142 0604757N SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KILL/EW) ....................................................................... 103 ,391 103,391 143 0604761N INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING .......................................................................................... ......... 34,855 34,855 144 0604771N MEDICAL DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................................... .......... 9,353 9,353 145 0604777N NAVIGATION/ID SYSTEM .............................................................................................. ............. 92,546 92,546 146 0604800M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ..... 152,934 244,134 SDD plus up .................................................................................................................... ....... [91,200] 147 0604800N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF)—EMD .................................................................................... ..... 108,931 175,631 SDD plus up .................................................................................................................... ....... [66,700] 148 0604810M JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON MODERNIZATION (FOM)—MARINE CORPS ................. 144,958 144,958 149 0604810N JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER FOLLOW ON MODERNIZATION (FOM)—NAVY ................................. 143,855 143,855 150 0605013M INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 14,865 1 4,865 151 0605013N INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 152,977 117,932 Navy ePS consolidate requirements .......................................................................................... [–11 ,200] NSIPS consolidate requirements ............................................................................................... [– 23,845] 152 0605024N ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ................................................................................... 3 ,410 3,410 153 0605212N CH–53K RDTE ....................................................................................................... ....................... 340,758 340,758 154 0605215N MISSION PLANNING .................................................................................................. ................. 33,430 33,430 155 0605217N COMMON AVIONICS ................................................................................................... ................ 58,163 58,163 156 0605220N SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ..................................................................................... ...... 22,410 22,410 157 0605327N T-AO 205 CLASS .................................................................................................... ....................... 1,961 1,961 158 0605414N UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) ................................................................................... . 222,208 222,208 159 0605450N JOINT AIR-TO-GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) ................................................................................ .. 15,473 15,473 160 0605500N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) ........................................................................ 11,79 5 11,795 161 0605504N MULTI-MISSION MARITIME (MMA) INCREMENT III ................................................................ 181,731 181,731 162 0605611M MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ............. 178,993 178,993 163 0605813M JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...... 20,710 20,710 164 0204202N DDG–1000 .......................................................................................................... ........................... 140,500 90,500 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ ... [–50,000] 168 0304785N TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... ... 28,311 28,311 170 0306250M CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 4,502 4,502 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 6,362,102 6,475,957 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 171 0604256N THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... 91,819 91,819 172 0604258N TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ ... 23,053 23,053 173 0604759N MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ........... 52,634 65,634 UFR: Critical infrastructure investments for major range and test facilities ............................... [13,000] 174 0605126N JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION ................................................ 141 141 175 0605152N STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—NAVY ............................................................................... 3, 917 3,917 176 0605154N CENTER FOR NAVAL ANALYSES ......................................................................................... ...... 50,432 50,432 179 0605804N TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES .................................................................................... .. 782 782 180 0605853N MANAGEMENT, TECHNICAL & INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ..................................................... 94,562 89,062 Unjustified cost growth ........................................................................................................ ... [–5,500] 181 0605856N STRATEGIC TECHNICAL SUPPORT ....................................................................................... ..... 4,313 4,313 
182 0605861N RDT&E SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT ............................................................... 1,104 1,104 183 0605863N RDT&E SHIP AND AIRCRAFT SUPPORT ................................................................................... . 105,666 105,666 184 0605864N TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .... 373,667 373,667 185 0605865N OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION CAPABILITY ............................................................. 20,298 20,2 98 186 0605866N NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ................................................... 17,341 17,341 188 0605873M MARINE CORPS PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT ............................................................................. 21,7 51 21,751 189 0605898N MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 44,279 44,279 190 0606355N WARFARE INNOVATION MANAGEMENT ................................................................................... 28 ,841 28,841 191 0902498N MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (DEPARTMENTAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES) .......................... 1,749 1,749 194 1206867N SEW SURVEILLANCE/RECONNAISSANCE SUPPORT .................................................................. 9,408 9,4 08 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 945,757 953,257 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 196 0607658N COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) ................................................................... 92,571 1 21,571 UFR: Accelerate Tactical Data Distribution Initiative ............................................................... [18,000] UFR: IFF Mode 5 acceleration ................................................................................................. [1 1,000] 197 0607700N DEPLOYABLE JOINT COMMAND AND CONTROL ...................................................................... 3,137 3, 137 198 0101221N STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ..................................................................... 135,219  135,219 199 0101224N SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................... 36, 242 36,242 200 0101226N SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................. 12,053 12,0 53 201 0101402N NAVY STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ..................................................................................... . 18,221 18,221 203 0204136N F/A–18 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................. .................. 224,470 224,470 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6020 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
204 0204163N FLEET TELECOMMUNICATIONS (TACTICAL) ........................................................................... 33,5 25 33,525 205 0204228N SURFACE SUPPORT ................................................................................................... ................. 24,829 24,829 206 0204229N TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) ..................................... 133,617 133,617 207 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .................................................................................... . 38,972 38,972 208 0204413N AMPHIBIOUS TACTICAL SUPPORT UNITS (DISPLACEMENT CRAFT) ...................................... 3,940 3,940 209 0204460M GROUND/AIR TASK ORIENTED RADAR (G/ATOR) ..................................................................... 54,645  54,645 210 0204571N CONSOLIDATED TRAINING SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 66,518 66,51 8 211 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ ..... 1,155 1,155 212 0204575N ELECTRONIC WARFARE (EW) READINESS SUPPORT ............................................................... 51,040 51, 040 213 0205601N HARM IMPROVEMENT .................................................................................................. ............. 87,989 97,989 UFR: Weapons Improvement .................................................................................................... [10 ,000] 214 0205604N TACTICAL DATA LINKS ............................................................................................... .............. 89,852 89,852 215 0205620N SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION ...................................................................... 29,351 29,351 216 0205632N MK–48 ADCAP ....................................................................................................... ...................... 68,553 68,553 217 0205633N AVIATION IMPROVEMENTS ............................................................................................. .......... 119,099 119,099 218 0205675N OPERATIONAL NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS ............................................................................. 127, 445 127,445 219 0206313M MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ......................................................................... 123,82 5 123,825 220 0206335M COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (CAC2S) .......................................... 7,343 7,343 221 0206623M MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS .......................................... 66,009 66,009 222 0206624M MARINE CORPS COMBAT SERVICES SUPPORT ......................................................................... 25,25 8 25,258 223 0206625M USMC INTELLIGENCE/ELECTRONIC WARFARE SYSTEMS (MIP) .............................................. 30,886 30,886 224 0206629M AMPHIBIOUS ASSAULT VEHICLE ........................................................................................ ...... 58,728 58,728 225 0207161N TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .............. 42,884 51,884 UFR: Weapons Improvement .................................................................................................... [9, 000] 226 0207163N ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................... 25,364 25,364 232 0303138N CONSOLIDATED AFLOAT NETWORK ENTERPRISE SERVICES (CANES) ................................... 24,271 24,271 233 0303140N INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................... 50,269 50,269 236 0305192N MILITARY INTELLIGENCE PROGRAM (MIP) ACTIVITIES ........................................................ 6,352 6,352 237 0305204N TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES ............................................................................... 7, 770 7,770 238 0305205N UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY .......................................................................... 39,7 36 39,736 239 0305208M DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................ 12,867 12,867  240 0305208N DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................ 46,150 46,150  241 0305220N MQ–4C TRITON ...................................................................................................... ..................... 84,115 84,115 242 0305231N MQ–8 UAV .......................................................................................................... ......................... 62,656 62,656 243 0305232M RQ–11 UAV ......................................................................................................... ......................... 2,022 2,022 245 0305234N SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASL0) ............................................................................ 4,835 4,835 246 0305239M RQ–21A ............................................................................................................ ............................ 8,899 8,899 247 0305241N MULTI-INTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................... 99,020 99,020 248 0305242M UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) ........................................................... 18,578 18,5 78 249 0305421N RQ–4 MODERNIZATION ................................................................................................ .............. 229,404 229,404 250 0308601N MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT .................................................................................. 5 ,238 5,238 251 0702207N DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ....... 38,227 38,227 252 0708730N MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .................................................................................... 4,808 4,808 253 1203109N SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) .................................................................................. 37,836 37,836 255 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 1,364,347 1,564,347 Classified project 0428 ........................................................................................................ ...... [200,000] SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 3,980,140 4,228,140 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ....................................................... 17,675,035 18,053,490 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601102F DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ..... 342,919 342,919 2 0601103F UNIVERSITY RESEARCH INITIATIVES ..................................................................................... . 147,923 147,923 3 0601108F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................ 14,417  14,417 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................... 505,259 505,259 APPLIED RESEARCH 4 0602102F MATERIALS ........................................................................................................... ..................... 124,264 124,264 5 0602201F AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ..................................................................................... 1 24,678 129,678 Hypersonic wind tunnels ........................................................................................................ . [5,000] 6 0602202F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH ........................................................................ 108,784 
133,784 Advanced training environments .............................................................................................. [25 ,000] 7 0602203F AEROSPACE PROPULSION ................................................................................................ ......... 192,695 200,695 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..... [5,500] UFR: S&T TOA to 1.9% .......................................................................................................... [ 2,500] 8 0602204F AEROSPACE SENSORS ................................................................................................... ............. 152,782 152,782 9 0602298F SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT— MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES ........... 8,353 8,353 10 0602601F SPACE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................... .............. 116,503 116,503 11 0602602F CONVENTIONAL MUNITIONS ............................................................................................. ........ 112,195 112,195 12 0602605F DIRECTED ENERGY TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................................... .. 132,993 141,293 UFR: S&T TOA to 1.9% .......................................................................................................... [ 8,300] 13 0602788F DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ............................................................. 167,818 167,8 18 14 0602890F HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH ......................................................................................... ..... 43,049 43,049 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 1,284,114 1,330,414 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 15 0603112F ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS .................................................................... 37,856 37, 856 16 0603199F SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) .................................................................. 22,811 22 ,811 17 0603203F ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS ......................................................................................... ... 40,978 40,978 18 0603211F AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO .................................................................................... 11 5,966 121,666 UFR: S&T TOA to 1.9% .......................................................................................................... [ 5,700] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6021 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
19 0603216F AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ........................................................... 104,499 117,999  UFR: S&T TOA to 1.9% .......................................................................................................... [ 13,500] 20 0603270F ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................................... 6 0,551 65,551 Software engineering capabilities ............................................................................................. [ 5,000] 21 0603401F ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................. 58, 910 73,910 UFR: Commercial SSA consortia/testbed ................................................................................... [15,000 ] 22 0603444F MAUI SPACE SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM (MSSS) .......................................................................... 10,4 33 10,433 23 0603456F HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................... 33,635 33,635 24 0603601F CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................... 167,4 15 167,415 25 0603605F ADVANCED WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................................... 4 5,502 45,502 26 0603680F MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 46,450 46,450 27 0603788F BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................... 49,011 49,011 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 794,017 833,217 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 28 0603260F INTELLIGENCE ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ............................................................................ 5,652 5,652 30 0603742F COMBAT IDENTIFICATION TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................ 24, 397 24,397 31 0603790F NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ..................................................................................... 3 ,851 3,851 33 0603851F INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE—DEM/VAL ............................................................. 10,736 10,73 6 34 0603859F POLLUTION PREVENTION—DEM/VAL ....................................................................................... 2 2 35 0604015F LONG RANGE STRIKE—BOMBER ........................................................................................... .... 2,003,580 2,003,580 36 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 65,458 100,858 UFR: GPS Receiver Development ............................................................................................. [35,4 00] 37 0604257F ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY AND SENSORS ................................................................................. 68, 719 83,419 UFR: Hyperspectral Chip Development .................................................................................... [14,700]  38 0604288F NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPS CENTER (NAOC) RECAP ................................................................. 7,850 7,8 50 39 0604317F TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER ................................................................................................ .......... 3,295 3,295 40 0604327F HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM (HDBTDS) PROGRAM ...................... 17,365 17,365 41 0604414F CYBER RESILIENCY OF WEAPON SYSTEMS-ACS ...................................................................... 32,253 42,453 UFR: Cyber Security & Resiliency for Weapon Systems ............................................................. [10,200] 44 0604776F DEPLOYMENT & DISTRIBUTION ENTERPRISE R&D ................................................................. 26,222 26, 222 46 0604858F TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM ............................................................................................ ....... 840,650 935,650 UFR: Directed Energy Prototyping .......................................................................................... [70,0 00] UFR: Hypersonics Prototyping ................................................................................................ [10 ,000] UFR: Long-Endurance Aerial Platform Ahead Prototyping ....................................................... [15,000] 47 0605230F GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT ................................................................................ 215 ,721 215,721 49 0207110F NEXT GENERATION AIR DOMINANCE ...................................................................................... . 294,746 441,746 UFR: Penetrating Counter air (PCA) Risk Reduction ................................................................ [147,000] 50 0207455F THREE DIMENSIONAL LONG-RANGE RADAR (3DELRR) ........................................................... 10,645 10,645  52 0305236F COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (CDL EA) ................................................................ 41,509 41, 509 53 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 226,287 226,2 87 54 0306415F ENABLED CYBER ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... ........ 16,687 16,687 55 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL ................................................................................... . 4,500 4,500 56 0901410F CONTRACTING INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM ........................................................... 15,867 0 Consolidate requirements ....................................................................................................... .. [–15,867] 57 1203164F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) ................................ 253,939 352,439 UFR: Military GPS User Equipment INC2 ................................................................................ [98,500] 58 1203710F EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ........... 10,000 10,000 59 1206422F WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOW-ON ........................................................................................... .... 112,088 112,088 60 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 34 ,764 34,764 61 1206434F MIDTERM POLAR MILSATCOM SYSTEM ................................................................................... 63 ,092 63,092 62 1206438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ..... 7,842 128,642 UFR: Space Defense Force Packaging ...................................................................................... [113,80 0] UFR: Space Enterprise Defense Implementation ....................................................................... [7,000] 63 1206730F SPACE SECURITY AND DEFENSE PROGRAM ............................................................................. 41,3 85 41,385 64 1206760F PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ............................................................ 18,150 18,1 50 65 1206761F PROTECTED TACTICAL SERVICE (PTS) ................................................................................... . 24,201 24,201 66 1206855F PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES (PSCS)—AGGREGATED .......................................................... 16,000 16,000 67 1206857F OPERATIONALLY RESPONSIVE SPACE ..................................................................................... 87,577 87,577 
SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES .................................4,605,030 5,110,763 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 68 0604200F FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS .......................................................... 5,100 5,100 69 0604201F INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ....................................................... 101,203 101,203 70 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................ ...... 3,009 3,009 71 0604270F ELECTRONIC WARFARE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 2,2 41 2,241 72 0604281F TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ............................................................................... 38, 250 38,250 73 0604287F PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT ........................................................................................ .... 19,739 19,739 74 0604329F SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB)—EMD ..................................................................................... 3 8,979 38,979 78 0604429F AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK ......................................................................................... .... 7,091 7,091 80 0604602F ARMAMENT/ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT .................................................................................. 46,5 40 46,540 81 0604604F SUBMUNITIONS ....................................................................................................... ................... 2,705 2,705 82 0604617F AGILE COMBAT SUPPORT ............................................................................................... .......... 31,240 31,240 84 0604706F LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS ............................................................................................... ............ 9,060 9,060 85 0604735F COMBAT TRAINING RANGES ............................................................................................. ........ 87,350 87,350 86 0604800F F–35—EMD ........................................................................................................... ........................ 292,947 464,947 SDD plus up .................................................................................................................... ....... [172,000] 88 0604932F LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON ......................................................................................... .. 451,290 451,290 89 0604933F ICBM FUZE MODERNIZATION ............................................................................................ ....... 178,991 178,991 90 0605030F JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK CENTER (JTNC) ............................................................................ 12, 736 12,736 91 0605031F JOINT TACTICAL NETWORK (JTN) ....................................................................................... ...... 9,319 9,319 92 0605213F F–22 MODERNIZATION INCREMENT 3.2B .................................................................................. . 13,600 13,600 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6022 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
94 0605221F KC–46 .............................................................................................................. ............................. 93,845 93,845 95 0605223F ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ............................................................................................ ........ 105,999 105,999 96 0605229F COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ........................................................................................... ..... 354,485 354,485 100 0605458F AIR & SPACE OPS CENTER 10.2 RDT&E ................................................................................. .... 119,745 14,945 Restructure of program ......................................................................................................... ... [–104,800] 101 0605931F B–2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ................................................................................... 194,570 194,570 102 0101125F NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION .................................................................................... 9 1,237 91,237 103 0207171F F–15 EPAWSS ....................................................................................................... ........................ 209,847 209,847 104 0207328F STAND IN ATTACK WEAPON ............................................................................................ .......... 3,400 3,400 105 0207701F FULL COMBAT MISSION TRAINING ...................................................................................... .... 16,727 16,727 109 0307581F JSTARS RECAP ...................................................................................................... ...................... 417,201 417,201 110 0401310F C–32 EXECUTIVE TRANSPORT RECAPITALIZATION ................................................................. 6,017 6, 017 111 0401319F PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION (PAR) ............................................................ 434,069 43 4,069 112 0701212F AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS ............................................................................................ ........ 18,528 18,528 113 1203176F COMBAT SURVIVOR EVADER LOCATOR ................................................................................... 2 4,967 24,967 114 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ......................................................................... 10,02 9 10,029 115 1206421F COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .............................................................................................. ........... 66,370 66,370 116 1206425F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ................................................................................ 4 8,448 48,448 117 1206426F SPACE FENCE ....................................................................................................... ...................... 35,937 62,837 UFR: Space Fence Site 1 & Ground Based Operational Surveillance System ............................... [26,900] 118 1206431F ADVANCED EHF MILSATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .. 145,610 145,610 119 1206432F POLAR MILSATCOM (SPACE) ........................................................................................... .......... 33,644 33,644 120 1206433F WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) .................................................................................... . 14,263 51,263 UFR: Fix wideband Ka Anti-jam Enhancement (KAJE) ............................................................ [37,000] 121 1206441F SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ............................................................ 311,844 32 4,644 UFR: Fix upgrades Space Based Infrared System ...................................................................... [12,800] 122 1206442F EVOLVED SBIRS ..................................................................................................... .................... 71,018 71,018 123 1206853F EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM (SPACE)—EMD .................................. 297,572 297,572 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ...................................................... 4,476,762 4,620,662 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 124 0604256F THREAT SIMULATOR DEVELOPMENT ...................................................................................... 35,405 35,405 125 0604759F MAJOR T&E INVESTMENT .............................................................................................. ........... 82,874 102,874 Advanced weapons system testing capabilities .......................................................................... [15,000] UFR: Weapon System Cyber Resiliency-TE ............................................................................... [5,000] 126 0605101F RAND PROJECT AIR FORCE ............................................................................................ ........... 34,346 34,346 128 0605712F INITIAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVALUATION ......................................................................... 15,5 23 15,523 129 0605807F TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ....................................................................................... .... 678,289 705,689 UFR: 4th Gen Mods .............................................................................................................. ... [23,000] UFR: Weapon System Cyber Resiliency-TE ............................................................................... [4,400] 130 0605826F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL POWER ....................................................................................... .. 219,809 219,809 131 0605827F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ..................................................................... 223,179  223,179 132 0605828F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL REACH ....................................................................................... .. 138,556 138,556 133 0605829F ACQ WORKFORCE- CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS .................................................................. 221,393 221,393 134 0605830F ACQ WORKFORCE- GLOBAL BATTLE MGMT ............................................................................ 152,5 77 152,577 135 0605831F ACQ WORKFORCE- CAPABILITY INTEGRATION ....................................................................... 196,56 1 196,561 136 0605832F ACQ WORKFORCE- ADVANCED PRGM TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 28,322 28,322  137 0605833F ACQ WORKFORCE- NUCLEAR SYSTEMS .................................................................................... 126,611 126,611 140 0605898F MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 9,154 9,154 141 0605976F FACILITIES RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ...... 135,507 135,507 142 0605978F FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT—TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT ............................................ 28,720 28,720 143 0606017F REQUIREMENTS ANALYSIS AND MATURATION ....................................................................... 35,453 135,453 UFR: Modeling and Simulation Joint Simulation Environment .................................................. [70,000] UFR:AS2030 Planning for Development .................................................................................... [30,000]  146 0308602F ENTEPRISE INFORMATION SERVICES (EIS) .............................................................................. 29,049 29,049 147 0702806F ACQUISITION AND MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................... 14,98 0 14,980 148 0804731F GENERAL SKILL TRAINING ............................................................................................ ........... 1,434 1,434 150 1001004F INTERNATIONAL ACTIVITIES .......................................................................................... .......... 4,569 4,569 151 1206116F SPACE TEST AND TRAINING RANGE DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 25,773 25,
773 152 1206392F SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE .................................................. 169,887 169,887  153 1206398F SPACE & MISSILE SYSTEMS CENTER—MHA ............................................................................. 9,5 31 9,531 154 1206860F ROCKET SYSTEMS LAUNCH PROGRAM (SPACE) ...................................................................... 20,975 34,275 UFR: Rocket System Launch Program (RSLP) .......................................................................... [13,300] 155 1206864F SPACE TEST PROGRAM (STP) .......................................................................................... .......... 25,398 25,398 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 2,663,875 2,824,575 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 157 0604222F NUCLEAR WEAPONS SUPPORT ........................................................................................... ....... 27,579 27,579 158 0604233F SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE FLIGHT TRAINING .............................................................. 5,776 5,776  159 0604445F WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................ .......... 16,247 16,247 161 0605018F AF INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM (AF-IPPS) .................................................... 21,915 0 Consolidate requirements ....................................................................................................... .. [–21,915] 162 0605024F ANTI-TAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY ................................................................. 33,150 33, 150 163 0605117F FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ....................................................... 66,653 66,653 164 0605278F HC/MC–130 RECAP RDT&E ............................................................................................. ............. 38,579 38,579 165 0606018F NC3 INTEGRATION ................................................................................................... .................. 12,636 12,636 166 0101113F B–52 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 111,910 111,910 167 0101122F AIR-LAUNCHED CRUISE MISSILE (ALCM) ................................................................................ . 463 463 168 0101126F B–1B SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 62,471 62,471 169 0101127F B–2 SQUADRONS ..................................................................................................... .................... 193,108 193,108 170 0101213F MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS ............................................................................................... .......... 210,845 210,845 Requested transfer: Ground and Comms Equipment .................................................................. [–20,000] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6023 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Requested transfer: ICBM Cryptography Upgrade II ................................................................ [20,000] 171 0101313F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING AND ANALYSIS NETWORK (ISPAN)—USSTRATCOM .... 25,736 25,736 173 0101316F WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ............................................................... 6,272 10,27 2 UFR: NC3—Global Assured Communications CBA Execution ..................................................... [4,000] 174 0101324F INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK ................................................ 11,032 11,032 176 0102110F UH–1N REPLACEMENT PROGRAM ......................................................................................... .... 108,617 108,617 177 0102326F REGION/SECTOR OPERATION CONTROL CENTER MODERNIZATION PROGRAM .................... 3,347 3,347 179 0205219F MQ–9 UAV .......................................................................................................... ......................... 201,394 201,394 182 0207131F A–10 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... ................... 17,459 17,459 183 0207133F F–16 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 246,578 271,578 UFR: F–16 MIDS-JTRS ........................................................................................................... [ 25,000] 184 0207134F F–15E SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................. 320,271 320,271 185 0207136F MANNED DESTRUCTIVE SUPPRESSION .................................................................................... 15,106 15,106 186 0207138F F–22A SQUADRONS ................................................................................................... .................. 610,942 610,942 187 0207142F F–35 SQUADRONS .................................................................................................... .................... 334,530 334,530 188 0207161F TACTICAL AIM MISSILES ............................................................................................. .............. 34,952 54,952 Pulsed rocket motor technologies ............................................................................................. [2 0,000] 189 0207163F ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIR-TO-AIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) ............................................... 61,322 61,322 191 0207227F COMBAT RESCUE—PARARESCUE .......................................................................................... .... 693 693 193 0207249F PRECISION ATTACK SYSTEMS PROCUREMENT ........................................................................ 1,714 1,714 194 0207253F COMPASS CALL ...................................................................................................... .................... 14,040 34,240 UFR: Baseline 3 (BL3) Advanced Radar Countermeasure System .............................................. [20,200] 195 0207268F AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .................................................. 109,243 109,243 197 0207325F JOINT AIR-TO-SURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ............................................................. 29,932 2 9,932 198 0207410F AIR & SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER (AOC) ............................................................................... 26,956 26,956 199 0207412F CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER (CRC) .............................................................................. 2, 450 2,450 200 0207417F AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) .......................................................... 151,726 151,7 26 201 0207418F TACTICAL AIRBORNE CONTROL SYSTEMS ............................................................................... 3, 656 3,656 203 0207431F COMBAT AIR INTELLIGENCE SYSTEM ACTIVITIES .................................................................. 13,420 13,420 204 0207444F TACTICAL AIR CONTROL PARTY-MOD .................................................................................... . 10,623 10,623 205 0207448F C2ISR TACTICAL DATA LINK .......................................................................................... ........... 1,754 1,754 206 0207452F DCAPES ............................................................................................................ ........................... 17,382 17,382 207 0207573F NATIONAL TECHNICAL NUCLEAR FORENSICS ......................................................................... 2,307  2,307 208 0207590F SEEK EAGLE ........................................................................................................ ....................... 25,397 25,397 209 0207601F USAF MODELING AND SIMULATION ...................................................................................... ... 10,175 10,175 210 0207605F WARGAMING AND SIMULATION CENTERS ............................................................................... 12, 839 12,839 211 0207697F DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES ............................................................................... 4 ,190 4,190 212 0208006F MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS .......................................................................................... ......... 85,531 85,531 213 0208007F TACTICAL DECEPTION ................................................................................................ .............. 3,761 3,761 214 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ............................................................................. 35, 693 35,693 215 0208088F AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ............................................................................. 20, 964 20,964 218 0301017F GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) .............................................................. 3,549 3,54 9 219 0301112F NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) .......................................................... 4,371 4,371 227 0301401F AIR FORCE SPACE AND CYBER NON-TRADITIONAL ISR FOR BATTLESPACE AWARENESS ... 3,721 3,721 228 0302015F E–4B NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPERATIONS CENTER (NAOC) ..................................................... 35,467 35,467 230 0303131F MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 48,841 48,841 Requested transfer: Global ASNT Incr 2 and CVR ..................................................................... [–21,100] Requested transfer: Global ASNT Increment 1 ........................................................................... [21,100] 231 0303140F INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................... 42,973 42,973 232 0303141F GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... . 105 105 233 0303142F GLOBAL FORCE MANAGEMENT—DATA INITIATIVE ................................................................ 2,147 2,147  236 0304260F AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ........ 121,948 121,948 237 0304310F COMMERCIAL ECONOMIC ANALYSIS ...................................................................................... .. 3,544 3,544 240 0305020F CCMD INTELLIGENCE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .............................................................. 1,542 1,542 241 0305099F GLOBAL AIR TRAFFIC MANAGEMENT (GATM) ......................................................................... 4,453  4,453 243 0305111F WEATHER SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................. 26,654 26,654 244 0305114F AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, AND LANDING SYSTEM (ATCALS) ................................ 6,306 6,306 245 0305116F AERIAL TARGETS .................................................................................................... ................... 21,295 21,295 248 0305128F SECURITY AND INVESTIGATIVE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................... 41 5 415 250 0305146F DEFENSE JOINT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................... 3,867 3,867  257 0305202F DRAGON U–2 ........................................................................................................ ....................... 34,486 34,486 259 0305206F AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................... 4,450 4,450 260 0305207F MANNED RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... . 14,269 14,269 261 0305208F DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................ 27,501 27,501
 262 0305220F RQ–4 UAV .......................................................................................................... .......................... 214,849 214,849 263 0305221F NETWORK-CENTRIC COLLABORATIVE TARGETING ................................................................ 18,842 18,8 42 265 0305238F NATO AGS .......................................................................................................... ......................... 44,729 44,729 266 0305240F SUPPORT TO DCGS ENTERPRISE ........................................................................................ ...... 26,349 26,349 269 0305600F INTERNATIONAL INTELLIGENCE TECHNOLOGY AND ARCHITECTURES ................................ 3,491 3,491 271 0305881F RAPID CYBER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................... .......... 4,899 4,899 275 0305984F PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) ................................................................ 2,445 2,44 5 276 0307577F INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................... .... 8,684 8,684 278 0401115F C–130 AIRLIFT SQUADRON ............................................................................................ ............. 10,219 10,219 279 0401119F C–5 AIRLIFT SQUADRONS (IF) ........................................................................................ ........... 22,758 22,758 280 0401130F C–17 AIRCRAFT (IF) ................................................................................................ .................... 34,287 34,287 281 0401132F C–130J PROGRAM .................................................................................................... .................... 26,821 20,421 Available prior year funds ..................................................................................................... .. [–6,400] 282 0401134F LARGE AIRCRAFT IR COUNTERMEASURES (LAIRCM) ............................................................. 5,283 5,283  283 0401218F KC–135S ........................................................................................................... ............................ 9,942 9,942 284 0401219F KC–10S ............................................................................................................ ............................. 7,933 7,933 285 0401314F OPERATIONAL SUPPORT AIRLIFT ....................................................................................... ..... 6,681 6,681 286 0401318F CV–22 ............................................................................................................. .............................. 22,519 36,519 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6024 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
UFR: CV–22 Aircraft Survivability and Availability .................................................................. [7,000] UFR: CV–22 Integrated Modula Avionics ................................................................................. [7,000] 287 0401840F AMC COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM .................................................................................. 3, 510 3,510 288 0408011F SPECIAL TACTICS / COMBAT CONTROL .................................................................................. .. 8,090 8,090 289 0702207F DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NON-IF) ........................................................................................ ....... 1,528 1,528 290 0708055F MAINTENANCE, REPAIR & OVERHAUL SYSTEM ....................................................................... 31,677  31,677 291 0708610F LOGISTICS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY (LOGIT) .................................................................. 33,344 3 3,344 292 0708611F SUPPORT SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................................... .. 9,362 9,362 293 0804743F OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................. ............ 2,074 2,074 294 0808716F OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................ ....... 107 107 295 0901202F JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ................................................................................... 2,006 2,006 296 0901218F CIVILIAN COMPENSATION PROGRAM ..................................................................................... . 3,780 3,780 297 0901220F PERSONNEL ADMINISTRATION .......................................................................................... ....... 7,472 7,472 298 0901226F AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY .......................................................................... 1,5 63 1,563 299 0901538F FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................... 91,211 91,211 300 1201921F SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM—SPACE ACTIVITIES ......................................................... 14,255 14,255  301 1202247F AF TENCAP ......................................................................................................... ........................ 31,914 31,914 302 1203001F FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FAB-T) ................................................................. 32,426 3 2,426 303 1203110F SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) ................................................................................ 1 8,808 18,808 305 1203165F NAVSTAR GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM (SPACE AND CONTROL SEGMENTS) ..................... 10,029 10,029 306 1203173F SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER ........................................................... 25,051 65,0 51 UFR: Space Enterprise Defense Implementation ....................................................................... [40,000] 307 1203174F SPACE INNOVATION, INTEGRATION AND RAPID TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................. 11,390 11,390 308 1203179F INTEGRATED BROADCAST SERVICE (IBS) ................................................................................ 8,747 8,747 309 1203182F SPACELIFT RANGE SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... .... 10,549 10,549 310 1203265F GPS III SPACE SEGMENT ............................................................................................. ............... 243,435 283,735 UFR: GPS satellite simulator (GSS) .......................................................................................... [40 ,300] 311 1203400F SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................... ... 12,691 12,691 312 1203614F JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM .............................................................................................. .............. 99,455 147,955 UFR: Space Enterprise Defense Implementation ....................................................................... [48,500] 313 1203620F NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER ..................................................................................... ... 18,052 86,052 UFR: Fix Enterprise Space BMC2 ............................................................................................ [68,0 00] 314 1203699F SHARED EARLY WARNING (SEW) ........................................................................................ ...... 1,373 1,373 315 1203906F NCMC—TW/AA SYSTEM ................................................................................................. ............. 5,000 5,000 316 1203913F NUDET DETECTION SYSTEM (SPACE) .................................................................................... ... 31,508 31,508 317 1203940F SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ......................................................................... 99,98 4 140,784 UFR: Space Fence Site 1 & Ground Based Operational Surveillance System ............................... [40,800] 318 1206423F GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM III—OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT ............................. 510,938 510,938 320 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 14,938,002 14,974,002 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ..... [36,000] SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 20,585,302 20,913,787 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ............................................................ 34,914,359 36,138,677 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW BASIC RESEARCH 1 0601000BR DTRA BASIC RESEARCH ................................................................................................ ............. 37,201 37,201 2 0601101E DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ........................................................................................... ..... 432,347 432,347 3 0601110D8Z BASIC RESEARCH INITIATIVES ........................................................................................ ......... 40,612 40,612 4 0601117E BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ............................................................. 43,126 43,126  5 0601120D8Z NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM ........................................................................... 74,29 8 99,298 Evidence based military child STEM education ......................................................................... [5,000] Manufacturing Engineering Education Program ....................................................................... [20,000] 6 0601228D8Z HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES/MINORITY INSTITUTIONS ............... 25,865 27,865 STEM support for minority women .......................................................................................... [2,000 ] 7 0601384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................. 43,898 43,8 98 SUBTOTAL BASIC RESEARCH................................................................................................... 697,347 724,347 APPLIED RESEARCH 8 0602000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................ ..... 19,111 19,111 9 0602115E BIOMEDICAL TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................... ....... 109,360 109,360 11 0602234D8Z LINCOLN LABORATORY RESEARCH PROGRAM ....................................................................... 49,748 49,748 
12 0602251D8Z APPLIED RESEARCH FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF S&T PRIORITIES ..................................... 49,226 49,226 13 0602303E INFORMATION & COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................... 392,784 392,7 84 14 0602383E BIOLOGICAL WARFARE DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ... 13,014 13,014 15 0602384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................. 201,053 20 1,053 16 0602668D8Z CYBER SECURITY RESEARCH .......................................................................................... .......... 14,775 14,775 17 0602702E TACTICAL TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................ ........... 343,776 328,776 General decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–15,000] 18 0602715E MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 224,440  224,440 19 0602716E ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY ............................................................................................. ....... 295,447 285,447 Unjustified growth ............................................................................................................. ..... [–10,000] 20 0602718BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION APPLIED RESEARCH ...................................... 157,908 157,908 21 0602751D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE (SEI) APPLIED RESEARCH .......................................... 8,955 8,955 22 1160401BB SOF TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................................ .. 34,493 34,493 SUBTOTAL APPLIED RESEARCH ............................................................................................... 1,914,090 1,889,090 ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 23 0603000D8Z JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .......................................................................... 25,6 27 25,627 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ................................................................. 76,230 76, 230 25 0603133D8Z FOREIGN COMPARATIVE TESTING ...................................................................................... ..... 24,199 24,199 26 0603160BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .. 268,607 268,607 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6025 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
27 0603176C ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ..................................................... 12,996 12,996 29 0603178C WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................................. .......... 5,495 5,495 31 0603180C ADVANCED RESEARCH .................................................................................................. ............ 20,184 20,184 32 0603225D8Z JOINT DOD-DOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .................................................. 18,662 18,662 35 0603286E ADVANCED AEROSPACE SYSTEMS ......................................................................................... ... 155,406 155,406 36 0603287E SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY ..................................................................................... 2 47,435 247,435 37 0603288D8Z ANALYTIC ASSESSMENTS ............................................................................................. ............. 13,154 8,154 General decrease ............................................................................................................... ...... [–5,000] 38 0603289D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS .............................................................. 37,674 37, 674 39 0603291D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS—MHA .................................................... 15,000 15,000 40 0603294C COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................... 25 2,879 252,879 41 0603342D8W DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL (DIUX) ............................................................ 29,594 29, 594 42 0603375D8Z TECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ............................................................................................ .......... 59,863 59,863 43 0603384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT ................ 145,359 145,359 44 0603527D8Z RETRACT LARCH .................................................................................................... .................... 171,120 171,120 45 0603618D8Z JOINT ELECTRONIC ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ....................................................................... 14,389  14,389 46 0603648D8Z JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ........................................................... 105,871 105, 871 47 0603662D8Z NETWORKED COMMUNICATIONS CAPABILITIES ..................................................................... 12,661 12,661 48 0603680D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ......................... 136,159 191,159 Improve productivity of defense industrial base ........................................................................ [20,000]  Partnership between MEP centers and Manufacturing USA Institutes ....................................... [15,000] Manufacturing USA institutes ................................................................................................. [2 0,000] 49 0603680S MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ............................................................................ 40,511 40,511 50 0603699D8Z EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...................................................... 57,876 57,876 51 0603712S GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ................................................. 10,611 10,611 53 0603716D8Z STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ............................................................. 71,832 81,83 2 Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ..... [10,000] 54 0603720S MICROELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT ..................................... 219,803 299,803 Supply chain assurance ......................................................................................................... .. [80,000] 55 0603727D8Z JOINT WARFIGHTING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ....... 6,349 6,349 56 0603739E ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES ............................................................................. 79,17 3 79,173 57 0603760E COMMAND, CONTROL AND COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ....................................................... 106,787 106,787 58 0603766E NETWORK-CENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY ......................................................................... 439,386 439,386 59 0603767E SENSOR TECHNOLOGY .................................................................................................. ............. 210,123 210,123 60 0603769D8Z DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ................................... 11,211 11,211 62 0603781D8Z SOFTWARE ENGINEERING INSTITUTE ................................................................................... ... 15,047 15,047 63 0603826D8Z QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS .................................................................................. ... 69,203 69,203 64 0603833D8Z ENGINEERING SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ................................................................................. . 25,395 25,395 65 0603941D8Z TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ...................................................................... 89,58 6 89,586 66 0604055D8Z OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT ............................................................ 38,403 48,40 3 Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ..... [10,000] 67 0303310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS ..................................................................................................... .................... 33,382 33,382 68 1160402BB SOF ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....................................................................... 72,605 7 2,605 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................... 3,445,847 3,595,847 ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES 69 0603161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E ADC&P ............. 32,937 32,937 70 0603600D8Z WALKOFF .......................................................................................................... ......................... 101,714 101,714 72 0603821D8Z ACQUISITION ENTERPRISE DATA & INFORMATION SERVICES ............................................... 2,198 2,198 73 0603851D8Z ENVIRONMENTAL SECURITY TECHNICAL CERTIFICATION PROGRAM .................................. 54,583 64,583 Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ..... [10,000] 74 0603881C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT .............................................. 230,162 230,162 75 0603882C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE SEGMENT ............................................ 828,097 850,093 UFR: Discrimination ............................................................................................................ ... [21,996] 76 0603884BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—DEM/VAL ............................................... 148,518 148,518 77 0603884C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS .................................................................................. . 247,345 305,207 UFR: Discrimination ............................................................................................................ ... [57,862] 78 0603890C BMD ENABLING PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ........ 449,442 478,886 UFR: Discrimination ............................................................................................................ ... [23,342] UFR: High Fidelity Modeling and Simulation ........................................................................... [6,102] 79 0603891C SPECIAL PROGRAMS—MDA ............................................................................................... ........ 320,190 320,190 80 0603892C AEGIS BMD .......................................................................................................... ....................... 852,052 852,052 83 0603896C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE COMMAND AND CONTROL, BATTLE MANAGEMENT AND COMMUNICATI. 430,115 430,115 84 0603898C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT ............................................... 48,954 48,954 85 0603904C MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS CENTER (MDIOC) ...................................... 53,265 53,265 86 0603906C REGARDING TRENCH ................................................................................................... .............. 9,113 9,113 87 0603907C SEA BASED X-BAND RADAR (SBX) ....................................................................................... ..... 130,695 130,695 88 0603913C ISRAELI COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS .......................................................................................
.. 105,354 373,804 Arrow .......................................................................................................................... ........... [71,460] Arrow Upper Tier flight test ................................................................................................... . [105,000] Arrow-Upper Tier ............................................................................................................... .... [28,140] David’s Sling .................................................................................................................. ........ [63,850] 89 0603914C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TEST ..................................................................................... .... 305,791 305,791 90 0603915C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TARGETS .................................................................................. 410,425 410,425 91 0603920D8Z HUMANITARIAN DEMINING ............................................................................................ ........... 10,837 10,837 92 0603923D8Z COALITION WARFARE ................................................................................................ ............... 10,740 10,740 93 0604016D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM ............................................................... 3,837 13,83 7 DOD Corrosion Program .......................................................................................................... [10,000] 94 0604115C TECHNOLOGY MATURATION INITIATIVES ............................................................................... 128 ,406 128,406 95 0604132D8Z MISSILE DEFEAT PROJECT ........................................................................................... ............ 98,369 98,369 96 0604181C HYPERSONIC DEFENSE ................................................................................................. ............. 75,300 75,300 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6026 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
97 0604250D8Z ADVANCED INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGIES ................................................................................ 1 ,175,832 1,175,832 98 0604294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ............................................................................ 83, 626 83,626 99 0604331D8Z RAPID PROTOTYPING PROGRAM ........................................................................................ ...... 100,000 100,000 100 0604342D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY OFFSET ....................................................................................... ....... 0 200,000 Directed energy ................................................................................................................ ....... [200,000] 101 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED SYSTEM COMMON DEVELOPMENT ............. 3,967 3,967 102 0604682D8Z WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) ............................................... 3,833 3,833 104 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESS-MENTS. 23,638 23,638 105 0604873C LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR (LRDR) ...................................................................... 357,65 9 357,659 106 0604874C IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS .................................................................. 465,530 54 5,530 UFR: C3 Booster Development ................................................................................................. [80 ,000] 107 0604876C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE SEGMENT TEST ..................................... 36,239 36,239 108 0604878C AEGIS BMD TEST .................................................................................................... .................... 134,468 160,819 UFR: Anti-Air Warfare Capability ........................................................................................... [26, 351] 109 0604879C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR TEST ........................................................................... 84 ,239 84,239 110 0604880C LAND-BASED SM–3 (LBSM3) ........................................................................................... ............ 30,486 97,761 UFR: Anti-Air Warfare Capability ........................................................................................... [67, 275] 111 0604881C AEGIS SM–3 BLOCK IIA CO-DEVELOPMENT .............................................................................. 9 ,739 9,739 112 0604887C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE SEGMENT TEST ................................................... 76,757 76,757 113 0604894C MULTI-OBJECT KILL VEHICLE ......................................................................................... ........ 6,500 6,500 114 0303191D8Z JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM .................................................... 2,902 2,902 115 0305103C CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... .......... 986 986 116 1206893C SPACE TRACKING & SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM .......................................................................... 34,9 07 34,907 117 1206895C BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE PROGRAMS ..................................................... 16,994 44,494 UFR: Space Based Sensor ........................................................................................................ [27,500] 262 888888 GROUND-LAUNCHED INTERMEDIATE RANGE MISSILE ........................................................... 0 65,000 Ground-Launched Intermediate Range Missile ......................................................................... [65,000] SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT AND PROTOTYPES .............................7,736,741 8,600,619 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION 118 0604161D8Z NUCLEAR AND CONVENTIONAL PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT RDT&E SDD .................. 12,536 12,536 119 0604165D8Z PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT ......................................................... 201,749 201, 749 120 0604384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM—EMD ...................................................... 406,789 406,789 122 0604771D8Z JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM (JTIDS) .......................................... 15,358 15,358 123 0605000BR COUNTER WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............................. 6,241 6,241 124 0605013BL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................ 12,322 12,322 125 0605021SE HOMELAND PERSONNEL SECURITY INITIATIVE ..................................................................... 4,893 4,893 126 0605022D8Z DEFENSE EXPORTABILITY PROGRAM ................................................................................... .. 3,162 3,162 127 0605027D8Z OUSD(C) IT DEVELOPMENT INITIATIVES .............................................................................. ... 21,353 19,353 Find COTS solution ............................................................................................................. ... [–2,000] 128 0605070S DOD ENTERPRISE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION .................................... 6,266 6,266 129 0605075D8Z DCMO POLICY AND INTEGRATION ..................................................................................... ...... 2,810 2,810 130 0605080S DEFENSE AGENCY INITIATIVES (DAI)—FINANCIAL SYSTEM .................................................. 24,436 24,436 131 0605090S DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ..................................................... 13,475 13,475 133 0605210D8Z DEFENSE-WIDE ELECTRONIC PROCUREMENT CAPABILITIES ................................................ 11,870 0 Consolidate requirements ....................................................................................................... .. [–11,870] 134 0605294D8Z TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS ............................................................................ 61 ,084 61,084 135 0303141K GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM ...................................................................................... . 2,576 2,576 136 0305304D8Z DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) ......................................... 3,669 3,669 137 0305310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ........................................ 8,230 8,230 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ................................................. 818,819 804,949 MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 138 0604774D8Z DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ................................................................. 6,941 6,941 139 0604875D8Z JOINT SYSTEMS ARCHITECTURE DEVELOPMENT ................................................................... 4,851 4 ,851 140 0604940D8Z CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT (CTEIP) ............................ 211,325 211,325 141 0604942D8Z ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS ..................................................................................... ...... 30,144 130,144 Classified assessment .......................................................................................................... ..... [100,000] 142 0605001E MISSION SUPPORT ................................................................................................... .................. 63,769 63,769 143 0605100D8Z JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) ................................................... 91,057 91,05 7 144 0605104D8Z TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ...................................................................... 22, 386 22,386 145 0605126J JOINT INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION (JIAMDO) ......................... 36,581 36,581 147 0605142D8Z SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................................................. ............... 37,622 37,622 148 0605151D8Z STUDIES AND ANALYSIS SUPPORT—OSD ................................................................................ . 5,200 5,200 149 0605161D8Z NUCLEAR MATTERS-PHYSICAL SECURITY ............................................................................... 5,232 5,232 150 0605170D8Z SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ................................................ 12,583 12,583 151 0605200D8Z GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) ......................................................................... 31 ,451 31,451 152 0605384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ................................................................. 104,348 1 04,348 161 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER. 2,372 2,372 162 0605798D8Z DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY ANALYSIS .....................................................................................
...... 24,365 24,365 163 0605801KA DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ............................................................. 54,145 54 ,145 164 0605803SE R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING AND EVALUATION .................................. 30,356 30,356 165 0605804D8Z DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................. 20,571 25,571 Software testing capabilities .................................................................................................. .. [5,000] 166 0605898E MANAGEMENT HQ—R&D ................................................................................................. .......... 14,017 14,017 167 0605998KA MANAGEMENT HQ—DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (DTIC) ........................... 4,187 4,187 168 0606100D8Z BUDGET AND PROGRAM ASSESSMENTS .................................................................................. . 3,992 3,992 169 0606225D8Z ODNA TECHNOLOGY AND RESOURCE ANALYSIS ..................................................................... 1,000 1,000 170 0203345D8Z DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY INITIATIVE (DOSI) ............................................................ 2,551 2 ,551 171 0204571J JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT .................................................................................... ... 7,712 7,712 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6027 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
174 0303166J SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES .............................................. 673 673 175 0303260D8Z DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE (DMDPO) .............................................. 1,006 1,006 177 0305172K COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS .................................................................................... 16,998 16,998 180 0305245D8Z INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION INVESTMENTS .......................................... 18,992 18,992 181 0306310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ................................................................. 1,231 1,2 31 183 0804767J COCOM EXERCISE ENGAGEMENT AND TRAINING TRANSFORMATION (CE2T2)—MHA ........... 44,500 44,500 184 0901598C MANAGEMENT HQ—MDA ................................................................................................. .......... 29,947 29,947 186 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 63,312 63,312 187 0903235K JOINT SERVICE PROVIDER (JSP) ...................................................................................... ......... 5,113 5,113 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 1,010,530 1,115,530 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 188 0604130V ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS) .................................................................................. ... 4,565 4,565 189 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMA-TION MANA. 1,871 1,871 190 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) .......... 298 298 191 0607210D8Z INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT .................................................. 10,882 10,882 192 0607310D8Z CWMD SYSTEMS: OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................... 7,222 7,222 193 0607327T GLOBAL THEATER SECURITY COOPERATION MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS (G- TSCMIS). 14,450 14,450 194 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............ 45,677 45,677 195 0208043J PLANNING AND DECISION AID SYSTEM (PDAS) ....................................................................... 3,03 7 3,037 196 0208045K C4I INTEROPERABILITY .............................................................................................. .............. 59,490 59,490 198 0301144K JOINT/ALLIED COALITION INFORMATION SHARING ............................................................... 6,104 6,1 04 202 0302016K NATIONAL MILITARY COMMAND SYSTEM-WIDE SUPPORT .................................................... 1,863 1,863 203 0302019K DEFENSE INFO INFRASTRUCTURE ENGINEERING AND INTEGRATION .................................. 21,564 21,564 204 0303126K LONG-HAUL COMMUNICATIONS—DCS ...................................................................................... 15,428 15,428 205 0303131K MINIMUM ESSENTIAL EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK (MEECN) ........................ 15,855 15,855 206 0303135G PUBLIC KEY INFRASTRUCTURE (PKI) ................................................................................... ... 4,811 4,811 207 0303136G KEY MANAGEMENT INFRASTRUCTURE (KMI) ......................................................................... 33,746  33,746 208 0303140D8Z INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................... 9,415  9,415 209 0303140G INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ....................................................................... 227,652  227,652 210 0303150K GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM ........................................................................... 42,687  42,687 211 0303153K DEFENSE SPECTRUM ORGANIZATION ..................................................................................... . 8,750 8,750 214 0303228K JOINT INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT (JIE) .............................................................................. 4 ,689 4,689 216 0303430K FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ...................................... 50,000 50,000 222 0305103K CYBER SECURITY INITIATIVE ......................................................................................... .......... 1,686 1,686 227 0305186D8Z POLICY R&D PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. .............. 6,526 6,526 228 0305199D8Z NET CENTRICITY .................................................................................................. ...................... 18,455 18,455 230 0305208BB DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................ 5,496 5,496 233 0305208K DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............................................................ 3,049 3,049 236 0305327V INSIDER THREAT .................................................................................................... ................... 5,365 5,365 237 0305387D8Z HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM ................................................... 2,071 2,071 243 0307577D8Z INTELLIGENCE MISSION DATA (IMD) ................................................................................. ...... 13,111 13,111 245 0708012S PACIFIC DISASTER CENTERS .......................................................................................... .......... 1,770 1,770 246 0708047S DEFENSE PROPERTY ACCOUNTABILITY SYSTEM ................................................................... 2,924 2,9 24 248 1105219BB MQ–9 UAV ......................................................................................................... .......................... 37,863 50,863 MQ–9 Capability Enhancement ................................................................................................ [13, 000] 251 1160403BB AVIATION SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. .................. 259,886 273,386 SOCOM requested transfer ...................................................................................................... [ 13,500] 252 1160405BB INTELLIGENCE SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................ 8 ,245 8,245 253 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ...... 79,455 95,455 UFR: Enhanced Precision Strike .............................................................................................. [16 ,000] 254 1160431BB WARRIOR SYSTEMS .................................................................................................. ................. 45,935 45,935 255 1160432BB SPECIAL PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. ................. 1,978 1,978 256 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... ..................... 31,766 31,766 257 1160480BB SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES ............................................................................................ .............. 2,578 2,578 258 1160483BB MARITIME SYSTEMS ................................................................................................. ................. 42,315 60,415 SOCOM requested transfer ...................................................................................................... [ 12,800] UFR: Develop Dry Combat Submersible .................................................................................... [5,300] 259 1160489BB GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................... 4, 661 4,661 260 1160490BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS INTELLIGENCE ..................................................................... 12,049 12,049 261 1203610K TELEPORT PROGRAM .................................................................................................. .............. 642 642 262 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............................................................................................. ............... 3,689,646 3,689,646 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT ............................................................... 4,867,528 4,928,128 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ...........................................................
20,490,902 21,658,510 OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE MANAGEMENT SUPPORT 1 0605118OTE OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION ................................................................................... 83,503 83,503 2 0605131OTE LIVE FIRE TEST AND EVALUATION ..................................................................................... ..... 59,500 59,500 3 0605814OTE OPERATIONAL TEST ACTIVITIES AND ANALYSES ................................................................... 67,897 67,897 SUBTOTAL MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ 210,900 210,900 TOTAL OPERATIONAL TEST & EVAL, DEFENSE ....................................................................... 210,900 210,900 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 999999 UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................... ................. 0 64,100 ERI costs transfer from OCO to base ........................................................................................ [64, 100] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.................................................................................................... 0 64,100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6028 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED........................................................................................................... 0 64,100 TOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................ 82,716,636 86,032,029 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CON-TINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 55 0603327A AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING ............................................................. 15,000 15,0 00 60 0603747A SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY ............................................................................... 3,0 00 3,000 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................18,000 18,000 SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION 122 0605032A TRACTOR TIRE ...................................................................................................... .................... 5,000 5,000 125 0605035A COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM) .............................................................. 21,540 21,540  133 0605051A AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT ........................................................................... 30,10 0 30,100 147 0303032A TROJAN—RH12 ....................................................................................................... .................... 1,200 1,200 SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION ..................................................... 57,840 57,840 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 203 0203801A MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ............................................... 15,000 15,000 222 0305204A TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .............................................................................. 7,4 92 7,492 223 0305206A AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS ................................................................................. 15 ,000 15,000 228 0307665A BIOMETRICS ENABLED INTELLIGENCE .................................................................................. 6 ,036 6,036 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 43,528 43,528 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY ..................................................... 119,368 119,368 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 41 0603527N RETRACT LARCH ...................................................................................................... ................ 22,000 22,000 81 0604272N TACTICAL AIR DIRECTIONAL INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (TADIRCM) ......................... 5,710 5,710 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................27,710 27,710 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .......... 89,855 89,855 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 207 0204311N INTEGRATED SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ................................................................................... 1 1,600 11,600 211 0204574N CRYPTOLOGIC DIRECT SUPPORT ........................................................................................ .... 1,200 1,200 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 102,655 102,655 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY ...................................................... 130,365 130,365 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES 29 0603438F SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY ........................................................................................... ... 7,800 7,800 53 0306250F CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............................................................. 5,400 5,400 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT & PROTOTYPES ................................13,200 13,200 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .......... 112,408 112,408 OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT 196 0207277F ISR INNOVATIONS ................................................................................................... .................. 5,750 5,750 214 0208087F AF OFFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS ............................................................................ 4,00 0 4,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT ............................................................ 122,158 122,158 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AF .......................................................... 135,358 135,358 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 24 0603122D8Z COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ................................................................ 25,000 25,0 00 SUBTOTAL ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......................................................... 25,000 25,000 9999999999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ................................................................................................. .......... 196,176 196,176 OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 253 1160408BB OPERATIONAL ENHANCEMENTS ......................................................................................... ..... 1,920 1,920 256 1160434BB UNMANNED ISR ..................................................................................................... .................... 3,000 3,000 SUBTOTAL OPERATIONAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT .............................................................. 201,096 201,096 TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW ......................................................... 226,096 226,096 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 999999 UNDISTRIBUTED ....................................................................................................... ................ –64,100 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6029 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
ERI costs transfer from OCO to base ....................................................................................... [–64, 100 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED................................................................................................... –64,100 TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED.......................................................................................................... –64,100 TOTAL RDT&E........................................................................................................................... 611,187 547,087 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ......................... 1,455,366 1,567,545 UFR: Convert IBCT to ABCT ...................................................................................................... ............. [27,000 ] UFR: Readiness to execute NMS .................................................................................................. ............. [44,179 ] UFR: Stryker Vehicle training .................................................................................................. ................ [20,000 ] UFR: Support 16th ABCT ......................................................................................................... ................ [21,000 ] 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............. 105,147 118,020 UFR: Readiness to execute NMS .................................................................................................. ............. [12,873 ] 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................. 604,117 751,335 UFR: NETCOM HQ ................................................................................................................. ................ [13 ] UFR: Readiness to execute NMS .................................................................................................. ............. [147,205 ] 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................... 793,217 836,222 UFR: 3% increase to Decisive Action training ................................................................................... ........ [5,244 ] UFR: Readiness to execute NMS .................................................................................................. ............. [28,327 ] UFR: Support Equipment ......................................................................................................... ................ [9,434 ] 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ......... 1,169,478 1,169,478 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................... 1,496,503 1,496,503 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..... 3,675,901 3,725,401 UFR: Funding to support 6k additional endstrength .............................................................................. .... [680 ] UFR: Organizational Clothing & Indiv. Equipment maintenance ............................................................... [44,2 15 ] UFR: Support Equipment ......................................................................................................... ................ [4,605 ] 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........... 466,720 471,592 UFR: Medical equipment ......................................................................................................... ................. [4,872 ] 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ......... 1,443,516 1,521,185 UFR: Depot Maintenance ......................................................................................................... ................ [77,669 ] 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................ 8,080,357 8,171,076 UFR: Engineering Services ...................................................................................................... ................. [36,949 ] UFR: IT Services NEC C4IM ...................................................................................................... ............... [22,000 ] UFR: Support 6k additional endstrength ......................................................................................... .......... [31,770 ] 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 3,401,155 4 ,002,972 UFR: Address facility restoration backlog ...................................................................................... ........... [70,427 ] UFR: FSRM increases ............................................................................................................ .................. [481,210 ] UFR: Support 6k additional endstrength ......................................................................................... .......... [50,180 ] 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .............................................................................. 443,79 0 443,790 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... ...................... 225,382 225,382 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .................. 141,352 141,352 200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ .................. 190,811 190,811 210 US FORCES KOREA ............................................................................................................ ......................... 59,578 59,578 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 23,752,390 24,892,242 MOBILIZATION 
220 STRATEGIC MOBILITY ......................................................................................................... ...................... 346,667 347,791 UFR: Readiness increase ........................................................................................................ .................. [1,124 ] 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. .............. 422,108 427,346 UFR: Readiness increase ........................................................................................................ .................. [5,238 ] 240 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................... ................ 7,750 7,750 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 776,525 782,887 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 250 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ...................... 137,556 137,556 260 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................... 58,872 60,264 UFR: Recruit training .......................................................................................................... .................... [1,392 ] 270 ONE STATION UNIT TRAINING .................................................................................................. ................. 58,035 59,921 UFR: One Station Unit Training ................................................................................................. ............. [1,886 ] 280 SENIOR RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ..................................................................................... ... 505,089 505,762 UFR: Supports commissions for increase end strength ............................................................................ .... [673 ] 290 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................. 1,015,541 1,030,834 UFR: Supports increased capacity ............................................................................................... ............. [15,293 ] 300 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .......................... 1,124,115 1,124,115 310 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .. 220,688 220,688 320 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................ 618,164 621,690 UFR: Supports increased capacity ............................................................................................... ............. [1,526 ] UFR: Supports Initial Entry Training ........................................................................................... ............ [2,000 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6030 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
330 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 613,586 624,259 UFR: Supports increased capacity ............................................................................................... ............. [10,673 ] 340 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ............................... 171,223 171,223 350 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..... 214,738 215,088 UFR: Supports increased capacity ............................................................................................... ............. [350 ] 360 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......... 195,099 195,099 370 JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS ...................................................................................... .... 176,116 176,116 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................. 5,108,822 5,142,615 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............ 555,502 652,065 UFR: Supports transportation equipment ......................................................................................... ......... [96,563 ] 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. ................ 894,208 894,208 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ................ 715,462 715,462 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... .............. 446,931 446,931 430 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 493,616 493,616 440 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............ 2,084,922 2,094,922 UFR: Army Regional Cyber Centers capabilities .................................................................................. ...... [10,000 ] 450 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............... 259,588 259,588 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 326,387 326,387 470 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ................... 1,087,602 1,046,202 UFR: Funds DFAS increases ...................................................................................................... .............. [3,600 ] Under execution ................................................................................................................ ...................... [–45,000 ] 480 ARMY CLAIMS ACTIVITIES ..................................................................................................... ................... 210,514 214,014 UFR: Supports JAG increase needs ............................................................................................... ............ [3,500 ] 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ............... 243,584 256,737 UFR: Supports engineering services ............................................................................................. ............. [13,153 ] 500 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS ................................................................................. 28 4,592 284,592 510 INTERNATIONAL MILITARY HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................................ .. 415,694 415,694 520 MISC. SUPPORT OF OTHER NATIONS ............................................................................................. ........... 46,856 46,856 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,242,222 1,242,222 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................. 9,307,680 9,389,496 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ........................................................................................... 38,945,417 40,207,240 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............. 11,461 11,747 UFR: ARNG Operational Demand Model to 82% ...................................................................................... . [286 ] 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................. 577,410 593,053 UFR: ARNG Operational Demand Model to 82% ...................................................................................... . [15,643 ] 030 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................... 117,298 122,016 UFR: Operational Demand Model to 82% ........................................................................................... ....... [4,718 ] 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ......... 552,016 564,934 UFR: Operational Demand Model to 82% ........................................................................................... ....... [12,918 ] 050 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................... 80,302 81,461 UFR: Increases aviation contract support ....................................................................................... .......... [845 ] 
UFR: Operational Demand Model to 82% ........................................................................................... ....... [314 ] 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..... 399,035 403,635 UFR: Support additional capacity ............................................................................................... ............. [4,600 ] 070 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........... 102,687 102,687 080 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ......... 56,016 56,016 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................ 599,947 600,497 UFR: Support 6k additional endstrength ......................................................................................... .......... [550 ] 100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 273,940 304 ,690 UFR: Address facility restoration backlog ...................................................................................... ........... [4,465 ] UFR: Increased facilities sustainment .......................................................................................... ............. [26,285 ] 110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .............................................................................. 22,909  22,909 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 2,793,021 2,863,645 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............ 11,116 11,116 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 17,962 17,962 140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............ 18,550 20,950 UFR: Equipment support ......................................................................................................... ................. [2,400 ] 150 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............... 6,166 6,166 160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 60,027 60,027 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 113,821 116,221 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................... 2,906,842 2,979,866 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ......................... 777,883 794,862 UFR: Readiness increase ........................................................................................................ .................. [16,979 ] 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ............. 190,639 190,639 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... ................. 807,557 820,656 UFR: Operational Demand Model to 82% ........................................................................................... ....... [13,099 ] 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................... 85,476 98,569 UFR: Operational Demand Model to 82% ........................................................................................... ....... [13,093 ] 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ......... 36,672 38,897 UFR: Increased aviation readiness .............................................................................................. ............. [2,225 ] 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6031 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................... 956,381 986,379 UFR: Aviation readiness for AH64 ............................................................................................... ............. [24,828 ] UFR: Aviation readiness for TAB ................................................................................................ ............. [2,040 ] UFR: Aviation readinss for ECAB ................................................................................................ ............ [3,130 ] 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... ..... 777,756 777,856 UFR: Supports increased capacity ............................................................................................... ............. [100 ] 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........... 51,506 51,506 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ......... 244,942 244,942 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ................ 1,144,726 1,148,576 UFR: Support increase end-strength ............................................................................................. ............ [3,850 ] 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 781,895 876 ,734 UFR: Address facility restoration backlog ...................................................................................... ........... [20,108 ] UFR: Facilities Sustainment improvement ........................................................................................ ......... [74,731 ] 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS .............................................................................. 999,05 2 999,292 UFR: Support increase end-strength ............................................................................................. ............ [240 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 6,854,485 7,028,908 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............ 7,703 7,703 140 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 79,236 79,236 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............ 85,160 85,160 160 MANPOWER MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................ ............... 8,654 8,654 170 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............... 268,839 277,339 UFR: Behavior Health Specialists ............................................................................................... .............. [8,500 ] 180 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ............... 3,093 3,093 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 452,685 461,185 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ........................................................................................... 7,307,170 7,490,093 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ..... 5,544,165 5,544,165 020 FLEET AIR TRAINING ......................................................................................................... ........................ 2,075,000 2,075,000 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ........................................................................ 46,80 1 46,801 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ....... 119,624 119,624 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ...................... 552,536 594,536 UFR: Fund to Max Executable .................................................................................................... ............. [42,000 ] 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............ 1,088,482 1,088,482 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..... 40,584 40,584 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 723,786 843,786 UFR: Fund to Max Executable .................................................................................................... ............. [120,000 ] 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ........ 4,067,334 4,089,334 UFR: Combat Logistics Maintenance Funding TAO–187 ............................................................................ [2 2,000 ] 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ....... 977,701 977,701 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ................. 7,165,858 7,165,858 120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .............................................................................................. ........... 2,193,851 2,193,851 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE ..................................................................... 1,288,094 1,288,094 150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE .............................................................................................
......... 206,678 206,678 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 621,581 622,581 UFR: Operational range Clearance and Environmental Compliance ........................................................... [1,000 ] 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ............................................................................ 370,681  370,681 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................. 1,437,966 1,437,966 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................... 162,705 162,705  210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ..................................................................................... 65 ,108 65,108 220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT ........................................................................ 86,892 8 6,892 230 MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................... 8 ,427 8,427 240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 385,212 385,212 260 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE .................................................................................................... .................... 1,278,456 1,278,456 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ .................. 745,680 750,680 UFR: Munitions wholeness ....................................................................................................... ................ [5,000 ] 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ......... 380,016 380,016 300 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................. 914,428 882,428 Under execution ................................................................................................................ ...................... [–32,000 ] 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................ 1,905 ,679 2,447,860 NHHC Reduction ................................................................................................................. .................... [–29,000 ] UFR: 88% of Facility Sustainment requirements .................................................................................. ...... [293,181 ] UFR: FSRM Increases ............................................................................................................ .................. [218,000 ] UFR: MPT&E Management System IT Modernization ............................................................................... [60 ,000 ] 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................. 4,333,688 4,384,688 UFR: FSRM Increases ............................................................................................................ .................. [28,000 ] UFR: Operational range Clearance and Environmental Compliance ........................................................... [11,000  ] UFR: Port Operations Service Craft Maintenance ................................................................................. .... [12,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 38,787,013 39,538,194 MOBILIZATION 330 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE .............................................................................................. ............ 417,450 427,450 UFR: Strategic Sealift ......................................................................................................... ..................... [10,000 ] 360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. ............ 198,341 198,341 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ...................................................................................... .. 66,849 66,849 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ .................... 21,870 21,870 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 704,510 714,510 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6032 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
TRAINING AND RECRUITING 400 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ...................... 143,924 143,924 410 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................... 8,975 8,975 420 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS ............................................................................................ .......... 144,708 144,708 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................. 812,708 812,708 450 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .. 180,448 180,448 460 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................ 234,596 234,596 470 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 177,517 177,517 480 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..... 103,154 103,154 490 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......... 72,216 72,216 500 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .............................. 53,262 53,262 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................. 1,931,508 1,931,508 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,135,429 1,135,429 530 CIVILIAN MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT .......................................................................... 149,365  149,365 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........................................................................ 386,749 3 86,749 590 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............ 165,301 165,301 610 PLANNING, ENGINEERING, AND PROGRAM SUPPORT .............................................................................. 311 ,616 311,616 620 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... ....... 665,580 665,580 660 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ ....... 659,143 659,143 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 543,193 543,193 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 4,016,376 4,016,376 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ............................................................................................ 45,439,407 46,200,588 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... ..................... 967,949 967,949 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ............................ 1,065,090 1,068,190 UFR: Long Endurance Small UAS .................................................................................................. .......... [3,100 ] 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ..................... 286,635 286,635 040 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING .................................................................................................... ................. 85,577 85,577 050 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 181,518 181,518 060 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ................................................................................. 78 5,264 829,055 UFR: Facilities Sustainment to 80% ............................................................................................. ............. [43,791 ] 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................. 2,196,252 2,196,252 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 5,568,285 5,615,176 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 080 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................... 16,163 16,163 090 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ...................... 1,154 1,154 100 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................. 100,398 100,398 110 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .. 46,474 46,474 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................ 405,039 405,039 130 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 201,601 201,601 140 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..... 32,045 32,045 150 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .............................. 24,394 24,394 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................. 827,268 827,268 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. ............ 28,827 28,827 170 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 378,683 378,683 190 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .. 77,684 77,684 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 52,661 52,661 
SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 537,855 537,855 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................... 6,933,408 6,980,299 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ ..... 596,876 596,876 020 INTERMEDIATE MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................... .............. 5,902 5,902 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ............ 94,861 94,861 040 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ..... 381 381 050 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ........................ 13,822 13,822 060 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ....... 571 571 070 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS ...................................................................................................... ............... 16,718 16,718 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................. 118,079 118,079 090 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................... 308 308 100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... ................. 28,650 28,650 110 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................ 86,35 4 86,354 120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................. 103,596 103,596 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 1,066,118 1,066,118 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 130 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 1,371 1,371 140 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ........................................................................ 13,289 13 ,289 160 ACQUISITION AND PROGRAM MANAGEMENT ......................................................................................... .. 3,229 3,229 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 17,889 17,889 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES .................................................................................... 1,084,007 1,084,007 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6033 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ........................ 103,468 103,468 020 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ..................... 18,794 18,794 030 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ............................................................................ 32,77 7 33,854 UFR: Facilities Sustainment to 80% ............................................................................................. ............. [1,077 ] 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ................. 111,213 111,213 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 266,252 267,329 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 060 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 12,585 12,585 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 12,585 12,585 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................... 278,837 279,914 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................. 694,702 707,902 UFR: NC3 & Other Nuclear Requirements .......................................................................................... ....... [9,000 ] UFR: PACAF Contingency Response Group .......................................................................................... .... [4,200 ] 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ........... 1,392,326 1,576,426 Air and Space Operations Center ................................................................................................ .............. [104,800 ] UFR: Airmen Readiness Training ................................................................................................. ............ [8,900 ] UFR: Cyber Requirements ........................................................................................................ ................ [70,400 ] 030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) ............................................................................. 1,128,640 1,272,940 UFR: Airmen Readiness Training ................................................................................................. ............ [93,100 ] UFR: Contract Adversary Air .................................................................................................... ............... [51,200 ] 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... 2,755,367 2,915,967 UFR: Airmen Readiness Training ................................................................................................. ............ [7,100 ] UFR: WSS funded at 89% ......................................................................................................... ................ [153,500 ] 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 3,292,553 3 ,292,553 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ................................................................... 6,555,186  6,883,686 UFR: E–4B Maintenance personnel ................................................................................................ .......... [1,000 ] UFR: EC–130H Compass Call ...................................................................................................... .............. [20,000 ] UFR: Sustain 3 additional C–37B ................................................................................................ .............. [11,300 ] UFR: Weapon Systems Sustainment ................................................................................................ .......... [296,200 ] 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ ................... 4,135,330 4,135,330 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................ 5,985,232 6,984,715 UFR: Cyber Requirements ........................................................................................................ ................ [152,600 ] UFR: Facility Restoration Modernization ........................................................................................ ......... [493,883 ] UFR: Funds mission readiness at installations .................................................................................. ........ [146,000 ] UFR: Funds Operational Communications and JIE conversion ................................................................... [190 ,000 ] UFR: PACAF Contingency Response Group .......................................................................................... .... [6,700 ] UFR: Transient Alert Contracts ................................................................................................. ............... [10,300 ] 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ...............................................................................................
............ 847,516 932,216 UFR: Cyber Requirements ........................................................................................................ ................ [10,700 ] UFR: NC3 & Other Nuclear Requirements .......................................................................................... ....... [66,000 ] UFR: SBIRS Requirements ........................................................................................................ ............... [8,000 ] 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ......... 1,131,817 1,173,017 UFR: Cyber Requirements ........................................................................................................ ................ [18,300 ] UFR: Eagle Vision sustainment .................................................................................................. .............. [6,100 ] UFR: PACAF Contingency Response Group .......................................................................................... .... [16,800 ] 120 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ........................ 175,457 175,457 130 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... .................. 353,458 353,458 160 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... ..................... 189,891 189,891 170 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................. 534,236 534,236 180 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................ 357,830 357,830 190 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. .............................. 168,208 168,208 200 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... ................................ 2,280 2,280 210 US TRANSCOM ................................................................................................................ ............................. 533 533 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,091,655 1,091,655 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 30,792,217 32,748,300 MOBILIZATION 220 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... ....................... 1,570,697 1,572,497 UFR: sustain 3 additional C–37B ................................................................................................ .............. [1,800 ] 230 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. .............. 130,241 176,691 UFR: PACAF Contingency Response Group .......................................................................................... .... [16,900 ] UFR: Set the Theater (StT) PACOM ............................................................................................... .......... [29,550 ] SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION........................................................................................................................ 1,700,938 1,749,188 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 270 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ ...................... 113,722 113,722 280 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ......................... 24,804 24,804 290 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... .... 95,733 95,733 320 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. ................. 395,476 395,476 330 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ .......................... 501,599 501,599 340 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ......................................................................................... .. 287,500 287,500 350 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ........................ 91,384 91,384 370 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 166,795 166,795 380 EXAMINING .................................................................................................................. ............................... 4,134 4,134 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6034 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
390 OFF-DUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION ........................................................................................... ..... 222,691 222,691 400 CIVILIAN EDUCATION AND TRAINING ............................................................................................ .......... 171,974 171,974 410 JUNIOR ROTC ................................................................................................................ .............................. 60,070 60,070 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................. 2,135,882 2,135,882 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 420 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ..................... 805,453 805,453 430 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............. 127,379 127,379 470 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 911,283 911,283 480 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ............ 432,172 432,172 490 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ............. 1,175,658 1,175,658 500 CIVIL AIR PATROL ........................................................................................................... ........................... 26,719 26,719 530 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... .................. 76,878 76,878 540 AIR FORCE WIDE UNDISTRIBUTED ............................................................................................... ............ 0 129,100 UFR: C&Y Tech Sustainment ...................................................................................................... ............. [6,000 ] UFR: Child and Youth Compliance ................................................................................................ ........... [35,000 ] UFR: Food Service Capabilities ................................................................................................. ............... [43,200 ] UFR: MWR Resiliency Capabilities ............................................................................................... ............ [40,000 ] UFR: Violence Prevention Program ............................................................................................... ........... [4,900 ] 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 1,244,653 1,244,653 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................. 4,800,195 4,929,295 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE .................................................................................. 39,429,232 41,562,665 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ................. 1,801,007 1,801,007 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 210,642 210,642 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... 403,867 403,867 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 124,951 124 ,951 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ................................................................... 240,835 2 66,635 UFR: Weapon Systems Sustainment ................................................................................................ .......... [25,800 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................ 371,878 405,878 UFR: Restore maintenance and repair ............................................................................................ .......... [34,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 3,153,180 3,212,980 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 74,153 74,153 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 19,522 19,522 090 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERS MGMT (ARPC) ..................................................................................... 12,765 12,765 100 OTHER PERS SUPPORT (DISABILITY COMP) ....................................................................................... ...... 7,495 7,495 110 AUDIOVISUAL ................................................................................................................ ............................. 392 392 SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................. 114,327 114,327 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ................................................................................ 3,267,507 3,327,307 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 010 AIRCRAFT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................................ ..................... 3,175,055 3,175,055 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. .............. 746,082 812,082 UFR: Facility and Communication Infrastructure ................................................................................. .... [66,000 ] 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................... 867,063 867,063 040 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION ............................................................. 325,090 381
,090 UFR: Sustainment, Restoration, Modernization (SRM) ............................................................................. . [56,000 ] 050 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ................................................................... 1,100,829  1,159,529 UFR: Increase Weapons System Sustainment ....................................................................................... ..... [58,700 ] 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... ............................ 583,664 651,664 UFR: Facility Restoration Modernization ........................................................................................ ......... [68,000 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 6,797,783 7,046,483 ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES 070 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. .......................... 44,955 44,955 080 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ................................................................................................. .............. 97,230 52,230 Advertising Reduction .......................................................................................................... .................... [–45,000 ] SUBTOTAL ADMINISTRATION AND SERVICE-WIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................. 142,185 97,185 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ............................................................................................. 6,939,968 7,143,668 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ...................... 440,853 440,853 020 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF—CE2T2 ................................................................................................ ................ 551,511 551,511 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES .......................................................................... 5,008, 274 5,008,274 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................... 6,000,638 6,000,638 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 050 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY ............................................................................................. ........... 144,970 149,970 Increase for curriculum development ............................................................................................ ............. [5,000 ] 060 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... ...................... 84,402 84,402 080 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................. 379,462 379, 462 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING .................................................................................................. 608,834 613,834 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6035 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 090 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS .................................................................................................... ................. 183,000 208,000 Starbase ....................................................................................................................... ........................... [25,000 ] 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ......... 597,836 597,836 120 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ......................................................................................... . 1,439,010 1,439,010 130 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY ........................................................................................... ...... 807,754 807,754 140 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... .... 2,009,702 2,009,702 160 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........... 24,207 24,207 170 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ................................................................................................... ................. 400,422 400,422 180 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................... 217,585 217,585 190 DEFENSE PERSONNEL ACCOUNTING AGENCY ........................................................................................ .. 131,268 131,268 200 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ ... 722,496 722,496 210 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE ................................................................................................... ................. 683,665 683,665 230 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................ 34,71 2 34,712 240 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY ............................................................................................ ....... 542,604 542,604 260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY ................................................................................. 2, 794,389 2,829,389 Impact aid for children with severe disabilities ............................................................................... ........... [10,000 ] Impact aid for schools with military dependent students ........................................................................ .... [25,000 ] 270 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY ..................................................................................................... ................... 504,058 504,058 290 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT .............................................................................................. .......... 57,840 57,840 300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ...... 1,612,244 1,621,244 CDC Study ...................................................................................................................... ........................ [7,000 ] Readiness increase ............................................................................................................. ...................... [1,000 ] Study on Air Force aircraft capacity and capabilities .......................................................................... ...... [1,000 ] 310 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/ADMIN & SVC-WIDE ACTIVITIES ....................................................... 94,273 94,273 320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... ..... 436,776 436,776 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ...................... 14,806,404 14,806,404 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES .............................................................................................. 28,100,245 28,169,245 TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE ...................................................................... 34,709,717 34,783,717 MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE 010 US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ................................................................. 14,538 14 ,538 SUBTOTAL US COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES, DEFENSE ............................................. 14,538 14,538 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID 010 OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ........................................................................... 104 ,900 104,900 SUBTOTAL OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER AND CIVIC AID ....................................................... 104,900 104,900 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION 010 FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ............................................................................... 32 4,600 324,600 SUBTOTAL FORMER SOVIET UNION (FSU) THREAT REDUCTION ........................................................... 324,600 324,600 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY 050 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................................ ...... 215,809 215,809 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, ARMY ............................................................................... 215,809 215,809 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY 070 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................................ ....... 281,415 281,415 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, NAVY ............................................................................... 281,415 281,415 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE 090 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ....................................................................................... .. 293,749 293,749 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, AIR FORCE ...................................................................... 293,749 293,749 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE 
110 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................................... ... 9,002 9,002 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSE ......................................................................... 9,002 9,002 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES 130 ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ..................................................................... 208,673 2 08,673 SUBTOTAL ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FORMERLY USED SITES ................................................. 208,673 208,673 TOTAL MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATIONS ............................................................................................ 1,452,686 1,452,686 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................... 0 1,411,595 ERI costs transferred to base (except Ukraine assistance) ...................................................................... .... [2,121,300 ] Foreign Currency Fluctuations .................................................................................................. ............... [–313,315 ] Fuel Savings ................................................................................................................... ......................... [–396,390 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED..................................................................................................................... 0 1,411,595 TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED............................................................................................................................ 0 1,411,595 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ....................................................................................................... 188,694,198 194,903,645 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPER-ATIONS. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6036 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 828,225 828,225 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............. 25,474 25,474 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................. 1,778,644 1,778,644 050 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ...... 260,575 260,575 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 284,422 284,422 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .. 2,784,525 2,784,525 080 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .............................................................................................. ........ 502,330 502,330 090 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE .............................................................................................. ...... 104,149 104,149 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 80,249 80,249 110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .......................................................... 32,000 32,000 140 ADDITIONAL ACTIVITIES ...................................................................................................... .................. 6,151,378 6,151,378 150 COMMANDERS EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM ............................................................................... 5,000 5 ,000 160 RESET ...................................................................................................................... ................................. 864,926 864,926 180 US AFRICA COMMAND .......................................................................................................... ................... 186,567 186,567 190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND ........................................................................................................ ............... 44,250 44,250 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 13,932,714 13,932,714 MOBILIZATION 230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS .................................................................................................. ........... 56,500 56,500 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION...................................................................................................................... 56,500 56,500 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 390 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .......... 755,029 755,029 400 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES .................................................................................................. .............. 16,567 16,567 410 LOGISTIC SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ................................................................................................ ............. 6,000 6,000 420 AMMUNITION MANAGEMENT ...................................................................................................... ............ 5,207 5,207 460 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT .................................................................................................... ............. 107,091 107,091 490 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................... ............. 165,280 165,280 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 1,082,015 1,082,015 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... 2,137,189 2,137,189 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ......................................................................................... 16,126,403 16,126,403 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES OPERATING FORCES 020 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............. 4,179 4,179 040 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT ............................................................................................. ...... 2,132 2,132 060 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .. 779 779 090 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 17,609 17,609 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 24,699 24,699 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY RES ................................................................................. 24,699 24,699 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG OPERATING FORCES 010 MANEUVER UNITS ............................................................................................................. ....................... 41,731 41,731 020 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ................................................................................................... ........... 762 762 030 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE ..................................................................................................... .............. 11,855 11,855 040 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ....................................................................................................... .................. 204 204 060 AVIATION ASSETS ............................................................................................................ ........................ 27,583 27,583 070 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT ......................................................................................... .. 5,792 5,792 100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT .................................................................................................... .............. 18,507 18,507 120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS ........................................................................... 937 937 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 107,371 107,371 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 150 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ......... 740 740 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ...............................................................................................
740 740 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARNG ......................................................................................... 108,111 108,111 AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND MINISTRY OF DEFENSE 010 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .......................... 2,660,855 2,660,855 020 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ...................... 21,000 21,000 030 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ...... 684,786 684,786 040 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ............... 405,117 405,117 SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF DEFENSE ........................................................................................................ 3,771,758 3,771,758 MINISTRY OF INTERIOR 050 SUSTAINMENT ................................................................................................................ .......................... 955,574 955,574 060 INFRASTRUCTURE ............................................................................................................. ...................... 39,595 39,595 070 EQUIPMENT AND TRANSPORTATION ............................................................................................... ...... 75,976 75,976 080 TRAINING AND OPERATIONS .................................................................................................... ............... 94,612 94,612 SUBTOTAL MINISTRY OF INTERIOR ....................................................................................................... 1,165,757 1,165,757 TOTAL AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND .................................................................................. 4,937,515 4,937,515 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY OPERATING FORCES 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6037 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
010 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS ........................................................................................ .. 412,710 412,710 030 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING SERVICES ..................................................................... 1,750 1, 750 040 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT .......................................................................................... .... 2,989 2,989 050 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ................... 144,030 144,030 060 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ......... 211,196 211,196 070 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .......................................................................................... ... 1,921 1,921 080 AVIATION LOGISTICS ......................................................................................................... ...................... 102,834 102,834 090 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .......................................................................................... ..... 855,453 855,453 100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING ......................................................................................... ..... 19,627 19,627 110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE ..................................................................................................... ............... 2,483,179 2,483,179 130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE .................................................................. 58,886 58,886  150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE ............................................................................................. ....... 4,400 4,400 160 WARFARE TACTICS ............................................................................................................ ...................... 21,550 21,550 170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY ......................................................................... 21,104 21, 104 180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ............... 605,936 605,936 190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE AND DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT ....................................................... 11,433 11,433 280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE ........................................................................................................ ................ 325,011 325,011 290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT ............................................................................................... ....... 9,598 9,598 310 SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION AND MODERNIZATION ......................................................................... 31,898 3 1,898 320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............... 228,246 228,246 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 5,553,751 5,553,751 MOBILIZATION 360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/INACTIVATIONS ............................................................................................. .......... 1,869 1,869 370 EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICES SYSTEMS ..................................................................................... 1 1,905 11,905 390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT ........................................................................................................ ................. 161,885 161,885 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION...................................................................................................................... 175,659 175,659 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 430 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .............. 43,369 43,369 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................... 43,369 43,369 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 510 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ....................... 3,217 3,217 540 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT ..................................................................... 7,356 7,356 590 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .......... 67,938 67,938 620 ACQUISITION, LOGISTICS, AND OVERSIGHT ...................................................................................... .... 9,446 9,446 660 INVESTIGATIVE AND SECURITY SERVICES ........................................................................................ .... 1,528 1,528 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 12,751 12,751 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 102,236 102,236 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY ......................................................................................... 5,875,015 5,875,015 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATIONAL FORCES ......................................................................................................... .................. 710,790 710,790 020 FIELD LOGISTICS ............................................................................................................ ......................... 242,150 242,150 030 DEPOT MAINTENANCE .......................................................................................................... ................... 52,000 52,000 070 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............... 17,529 17,529 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 1,022,469 1,022,469 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 120 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ...................... 29,421 29,421 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................... 29,421 29,421 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 160 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION ................................................................................................. .......... 61,600 61,600 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 3,150 3,150 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 64,750 64,750 
TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS ........................................................................ 1,116,640 1,116,640 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES OPERATING FORCES 030 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE ................................................................................................. ......... 14,964 14,964 080 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES ...................................................................................................... ............... 9,016 9,016 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 23,980 23,980 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, NAVY RES ................................................................................. 23,980 23,980 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 010 OPERATING FORCES ........................................................................................................... ..................... 2,548 2,548 040 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ..................................................................................................... ............... 819 819 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 3,367 3,367 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MC RESERVE ............................................................................ 3,367 3,367 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE OPERATING FORCES 010 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ...................................................................................................... .............. 248,235 248,235 020 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES .................................................................................................. ........ 1,394,962 1,394,962 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6038 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
030 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING (OJT, MAINTAIN SKILLS) .......................................................................... 5,4 50 5,450 040 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE .................................................................................... 699 ,860 699,860 050 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .......................................................... 113,131 113,13 1 060 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ................................................................ 2,039,551 2, 039,551 070 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM ........................................................................................................ ................ 2,059,363 2,059,363 080 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................... 1,088,946 1,088,946 090 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING ............................................................................................... ......... 15,274 15,274 100 OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS .............................................................................................. ...... 198,090 198,090 120 LAUNCH FACILITIES .......................................................................................................... ...................... 385 385 130 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS ...................................................................................................... ................ 22,020 22,020 160 US NORTHCOM/NORAD .......................................................................................................... .................. 381 381 170 US STRATCOM ................................................................................................................ .......................... 698 698 180 US CYBERCOM ................................................................................................................ .......................... 35,239 35,239 190 US CENTCOM ................................................................................................................. ........................... 159,520 159,520 200 US SOCOM ................................................................................................................... .............................. 19,000 19,000 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 58,098 58,098 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 8,158,203 8,158,203 MOBILIZATION 220 AIRLIFT OPERATIONS ......................................................................................................... .................... 1,430,316 1,430,316 230 MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS .................................................................................................. ........... 213,827 213,827 SUBTOTAL MOBILIZATION...................................................................................................................... 1,644,143 1,644,143 TRAINING AND RECRUITING 270 OFFICER ACQUISITION ........................................................................................................ .................... 300 300 280 RECRUIT TRAINING ........................................................................................................... ...................... 298 298 290 RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) ..................................................................................... .. 90 90 320 SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING ................................................................................................. .............. 25,675 25,675 330 FLIGHT TRAINING ............................................................................................................ ........................ 879 879 340 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION ........................................................................................ 1 ,114 1,114 350 TRAINING SUPPORT ........................................................................................................... ...................... 1,426 1,426 SUBTOTAL TRAINING AND RECRUITING ............................................................................................... 29,782 29,782 ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES 420 LOGISTICS OPERATIONS ....................................................................................................... ................... 151,847 151,847 430 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ........... 8,744 8,744 470 ADMINISTRATION ............................................................................................................. ....................... 6,583 6,583 480 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS ................................................................................................. ......... 129,508 129,508 490 OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... ........... 84,110 84,110 530 INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT ...................................................................................................... ............... 120 120 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 53,255 53,255 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWD ACTIVITIES ............................................................................................... 434,167 434,167 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE ................................................................................ 10,266,295 10,266,295 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE OPERATING FORCES 030 DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE .................................................................................... 52, 323 52,323 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................... 6,200 6,200 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 58,523 58,523 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AF RESERVE ............................................................................. 58,523 58,523 OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG OPERATING FORCES 020 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ................................................................................................. ........... 3,468 3,468 060 BASE SUPPORT ............................................................................................................... .......................... 11,932 11,932 SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES
............................................................................................................. 15,400 15,400 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ANG ........................................................................................... 15,400 15,400 OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE OPERATING FORCES 010 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF ...................................................................................................... .................... 4,841 4,841 040 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND/OPERATING FORCES ....................................................................... 3,305,234  3,311,534 UFR: Joint Task Force Platform Expansion ....................................................................................... ..... [6,300 ] SUBTOTAL OPERATING FORCES ............................................................................................................. 3,310,075 3,316,375 ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES 110 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY .............................................................................................. ....... 9,853 9,853 120 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY ....................................................................................... 21 ,317 21,317 140 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY ......................................................................................... . 64,137 64,137 160 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY .............................................................................................. ........ 115,000 115,000 180 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY ..................................................................................................... ................ 13,255 13,255 200 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY ........................................................................................ 2,312,000 2,562,000 Reduction to Coalition Support Funds ........................................................................................... ........ [–100,000 ] Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative ......................................................................................... ........... [350,000 ] 260 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY .............................................................................. 31,00 0 31,000 300 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE ......................................................................................... .... 34,715 34,715 320 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES ........................................................................................... .. 3,179 3,179 9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ....................................................................................................... ................... 1,797,549 1,797,549 SUBTOTAL ADMIN & SRVWIDE ACTIVITIES ........................................................................................... 4,402,005 4,652,005 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6039 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
TOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE-WIDE .................................................................... 7,712,080 7,968,380 UNDISTRIBUTED UNDISTRIBUTED 999 UNDISTRIBUTED .............................................................................................................. ........................ 0 –2,121,300 ERI costs transferred from OCO to base (except Ukraine assistance) ........................................................ [–2,1 21,300 ] SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED................................................................................................................... 0 –2,121,300 TOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED......................................................................................................................... 0 –2,121,300 TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................... 46,268,028 44,403,028 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. .............. 133,881,636 133,726,723 Defense Innovation Board software review ....................................................................................... .............. 1,000 ERI costs transferred to base .................................................................................................. ....................... 214,300 Marine Corps endstrength increase (1k) ......................................................................................... ................ 100,000 Public-Private partnership on military spousal employment ...................................................................... ...... 1,000 UFR: ANG funds training man days ............................................................................................... ............... 170,800 UFR: Army endtrength increase (6k) ............................................................................................. ................. 321,000 UFR: Army readiness requirements ............................................................................................... ................. 107,987 UFR: ATFP Enhancement—2nd Pier Sentry (Mahan Report) .......................................................................... 1 2,000 Unobligated Balances ........................................................................................................... ......................... [–1,083,000 ] SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ........................................................................................ 133,881,636 133,726,723 MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS ....................................................................... 7,804 ,427 7,820,427 UFR: Army endtrength increase (6k) ............................................................................................. ................. 16,000 SUBTOTAL MEDICARE-ELIGIBLE RETIREE HEALTH FUND CONTRIBUTIONS .................................................... 7,804,427 7,820,427 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL.............................................................................................................................. 141,686,063 141,547,150 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS .............................................................................................. .............. 4,276,276 4,061,976 ERI costs transferred to base budget ........................................................................................... ................... [–214,300 ] SUBTOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL APPROPRIATIONS ........................................................................................ 4,276,276 4,061,976 TOTAL MILITARY PERSONNEL.............................................................................................................................. 4,276,276 4,061,976 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 010 Industrial Operations ...................................................................................................... ..................................... 43,140 43,140 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ............................. 40,636 90,736 ERI costs transfer from OCO to base ............................................................................................ ................... [50,100] SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .................................................................................................. 83,776 133,876 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE 010 Supplies and Materials ..................................................................................................... .................................... 66,462 66,462 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, AIR FORCE ......................................................................................... 66,462 66,462 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6040 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 020 Supply Chain Management—Def ................................................................................................ .......................... 47,018 47,018 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE .................................................................................. 47,018 47,018 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA 010 Working Capital Fund, DECA ................................................................................................. ............................. 1,389,340 1,389,340 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DECA .................................................................................................. 1,389,340 1,389,340 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .................................................................................................................... 1,586,596 1,636,696 CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 1 Chem Demilitarization—O&M .................................................................................................... ........................... 104,237 104,237 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................. 104,237 104,237 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 2 Chem Demilitarization—RDT&E .................................................................................................. ......................... 839,414 839,414 SUBTOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION ............................................................... 839,414 839,414 PROCUREMENT 3 Chem Demilitarization—Proc ................................................................................................... ............................. 18,081 18,081 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT.............................................................................................................................. 18,081 18,081 TOTAL CHEM AGENTS & MUNITIONS DESTRUCTION .................................................................................... 961,732 961,732 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ................... 674,001 674,001 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ........................................................... 674,001 674,001 DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM 020 Drug Demand Reduction Program .............................................................................................. ........................... 116,813 116,813 SUBTOTAL DRUG DEMAND REDUCTION PROGRAM ....................................................................................... 116,813 116,813 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ....................................................................... 790,814 790,814 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Operation And Maintenance .................................................................................................. ............................... 334,087 334,087 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................. 334,087 334,087 RDT&E 020 RDT&E ...................................................................................................................... ......................................... 2,800 2,800 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .............2,800 2,800 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................... 336,887 336,887 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ........................................ 9,457,768 9,457,768 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 15,317,732 15,317,732 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ................................ 2,193,045 2,193,045 040 Information Management ..................................................................................................... ................................ 1,803,733 1,803,733 050 Management Activities ...................................................................................................... ................................... 330,752 330,752 060 Education and Training ..................................................................................................... .................................. 737,730 737,730 070 Base Operations/Communications ............................................................................................. ............................. 2,255,163 2,255,163 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 32,095,923 32,095,923 RDT&E 080 R&D Research ............................................................................................................... ...................................... 9,796 9,796 090 R&D Exploratry Development ................................................................................................. .............................. 64,881 64,881 100 R&D Advanced Development ................................................................................................... ............................. 246,268 246,268 110 R&D Demonstration/Validation ............................................................................................... ............................. 99,039 99,039 120 R&D Engineering Development ................................................................................................ ............................. 170,602 170,602 130 R&D Management and Support .................................................................................................
........................... 69,191 69,191 140 R&D Capabilities Enhancement ............................................................................................... ............................. 13,438 13,438 SUBTOTAL RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .............673,215 673,215 PROCUREMENT 150 PROC Initial Outfitting .................................................................................................... .................................... 26,978 26,978 160 PROC Replacement & Modernization ........................................................................................... ......................... 360,831 360,831 180 PROC Joint Operational Medicine Information System ......................................................................... ................. 8,326 8,326 190 PROC DoD Healthcare Management System Modernization ........................................................................ ........... 499,193 499,193 SUBTOTAL PROCUREMENT.............................................................................................................................. 895,328 895,328 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. 33,664,466 33,664,466 NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND OPERATIONS, MAINTENANCE AND LEASE 050 LG Med Spd Ro/Ro Maintenance ............................................................................................... ........................... 135,800 135,800 060 DoD Mobilization Alterations ............................................................................................... ................................ 11,197 11,197 070 TAH Maintenance ............................................................................................................ .................................... 54,453 54,453 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6041 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
SUBTOTAL OPERATIONS, MAINTENANCE AND LEASE ................................................................................... 201,450 201,450 RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 080 Research And Development ................................................................................................... ................................ 18,622 18,622 SUBTOTAL RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ................................................................................................... 18,622 18,622 READY RESERVE FORCES 090 Ready Reserve Force ........................................................................................................ .................................... 289,255 296,255 UFR: Strategic Sealift service life extension .................................................................................. ................... [7,000] SUBTOTAL READY RESERVE FORCES ............................................................................................................. 289,255 296,255 TOTAL NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND .................................................................................................. 509,327 516,327 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ................................................................................................................... 37,849,822 37,906,922 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
WORKING CAPITAL FUND WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY 020 Supply Management—Army ..................................................................................................... ............................. 50,111 0 ERI costs transfer from OCO to base ............................................................................................ ................... [–50,111] SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, ARMY .................................................................................................. 50,111 0 WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE 010 Energy Management—Def ...................................................................................................... .............................. 70,000 70,000 020 Supply Chain Management—Def ................................................................................................ .......................... 28,845 28,845 SUBTOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND, DEFENSE-WIDE .................................................................................. 98,845 98,845 TOTAL WORKING CAPITAL FUND .................................................................................................................... 148,956 98,845 DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES 010 Drug Interdiction and Counter-Drug Activities, Defense ..................................................................... ................... 196,300 196,300 SUBTOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES ........................................................... 196,300 196,300 TOTAL DRUG INTERDICTION & CTR-DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEF ....................................................................... 196,300 196,300 OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 010 Operation And Maintenance .................................................................................................. ............................... 24,692 24,692 SUBTOTAL OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .................................................................................................. 24,692 24,692 TOTAL OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL ............................................................................................... 24,692 24,692 DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM OPERATION & MAINTENANCE 010 In-House Care .............................................................................................................. ........................................ 61,857 61,857 020 Private Sector Care ........................................................................................................ ...................................... 331,968 331,968 030 Consolidated Health Support ................................................................................................ ................................ 1,980 1,980 SUBTOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE ...................................................................................................... 395,805 395,805 TOTAL DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM .............................................................................................................. 395,805 395,805 COUNTER-ISLAMIC ISIS TRAIN & EQUIP FUND COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) 010 Iraq ....................................................................................................................... .............................................. 1,269,000 1,269,000 020 Syria ...................................................................................................................... ............................................. 500,000 500,000 SUBTOTAL COUNTER-ISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND (CTEF) ......................................................................... 1,769,000 1,769,000 TOTAL COUNTER-ISLAMIC ISIS TRAIN & EQUIP FUND .................................................................................. 1,769,000 1,769,000 TOTAL OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS ................................................................................................................... 2,534,753 2,484,642 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6042 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MILCON, ARMY Alabama MILCON, ARMY Fort Rucker Training Support Facility ............................................................ 38,000 38,000 Arizona MILCON, ARMY Davis-Monthan AFB General Instruction Building ....................................................... 22,000 22,000 MILCON, ARMY Fort Huachuca Ground Transport Equipment Building ........................................ 30,000 30,000 California MILCON, ARMY Fort Irwin Land Acquisition ......................................................................... 3,000 3,000 Colorado MILCON, ARMY Fort Carson, Colorado Ammunition Supply Point ............................................................ 21,000 21,000 MILCON, ARMY Fort Carson, Colorado Battlefield Weather Facility ......................................................... 8,300 8,300 Florida MILCON, ARMY Eglin AFB Multipurpose Range Complex ....................................................... 18,000 18,000 Georgia MILCON, ARMY Fort Benning Air Traffic Control Tower (ATCT) ................................................ 0 10,800 MILCON, ARMY Fort Benning Training Support Facility ............................................................ 28,000 28,000 MILCON, ARMY Fort Gordon Access Control Point .................................................................... 33,000 33,000 MILCON, ARMY Fort Gordon Automation-Aided Instructional Building ..................................... 18,500 18,500 Germany MILCON, ARMY Stuttgart Commissary ................................................................................. 40,000 40,000 MILCON, ARMY Weisbaden Administrative Building ............................................................... 43,000 43,000 Hawaii MILCON, ARMY Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 3 .......................................... 90,000 90,000 MILCON, ARMY Pohakuloa Training Area Operational Readiness Training Complex (Barracks) .................... 0 25,000 Indiana MILCON, ARMY Crane Army Ammunition Plant Shipping and Receiving Building ................................................. 24,000 24,000 Korea MILCON, ARMY Kunsan AB Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Hangar ................................................ 53,000 53,000 New York MILCON, ARMY U.S. Military Academy Cemetery ..................................................................................... 22,000 22,00 0 South Carolina MILCON, ARMY Fort Jackson Reception Barracks Complex, Ph1 ................................................ 60,000 60,000 MILCON, ARMY Shaw AFB Mission Training Complex ........................................................... 25,000 25,000 Texas MILCON, ARMY Camp Bullis Vehicle Maintenance Shop ........................................................... 13,600 13,600 MILCON, ARMY Fort Hood Vehicle Maintenance Shop ........................................................... 0 33,000 MILCON, ARMY Fort Hood, Texas Battalion Headquarters Complex .................................................. 37,000 37,000 Turkey MILCON, ARMY Turkey Various Forward Operating Site ............................................................... 6,400 6,400 Virginia MILCON, ARMY Fort Belvoir Secure Admin/Operations Facility, Incr 3 ..................................... 14,124 14,124 MILCON, ARMY Joint Base Langley-Eustis Aircraft Maintenance Instructional Bldg ...................................... 34,000 34,000 MILCON, ARMY Joint Base Myer-Henderson Security Fence ............................................................................ 20,000 20,0 00 Washington MILCON, 
ARMY Joint Base Lewis-Mcchord Confinement Facility ................................................................... 66,000 0 MILCON, ARMY Yakima Fire Station ................................................................................ 19,500 19,500 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 72,770 72 ,770 MILCON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Host Nation Support .................................................................... 28,700 2 8,700 MILCON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 31,500 31,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6043 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MILCON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 0 15,700 SUBTOTAL MILCON, ARMY............................................................................................................................... .....920,394 938,894 MIL CON, NAVY Arizona MIL CON, NAVY Yuma Enlisted Dining Facility & Community Bldgs ................................ 36,358 36,358 California MIL CON, NAVY Barstow Combat Vehicle Repair Facility .................................................... 36,539 36,539 MIL CON, NAVY Camp Pendleton, California Ammunition Supply Point Upgrade .............................................. 61,139 61,139 MIL CON, NAVY Coronado P988 Undersea Rescue Command (URC) Operations Building ........ 0 36,000 MIL CON, NAVY Lemoore F/A 18 Avionics Repair Facility Replacement ................................ 60,828 60,828 MIL CON, NAVY Marine Corps Air Station Miramar F–35 Simulator Facility ................................................................ 0 47,57 4 MIL CON, NAVY Miramar Aircraft Maintenance Hangar (INC 2) .......................................... 39,600 39,600 MIL CON, NAVY San Diego P440 Pier 8 Replacement .............................................................. 0 108,000 MIL CON, NAVY Twentynine Palms, California Potable Water Treatment/Blending Facility .................................. 55,099 55,099 District of Columbia MIL CON, NAVY NSA Washington Washington Navy Yard AT/FP Land Acquisition .......................... 60,000 0 MIL CON, NAVY NSA Washington Electronics Science and Technology Laboratory ............................ 37,882 37,882 Djibouti MIL CON, NAVY Camp Lemonier, Djibouti Aircraft Parking Apron Expansion ............................................... 13,390 13,390 Florida MIL CON, NAVY Mayport P426 Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Support Facility (LSF) ............... 0 81,000 MIL CON, NAVY Mayport P427 Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Training Facility (LTF) ............. 0 29,000 MIL CON, NAVY Mayport Missile Magazines ....................................................................... 9,824 9,824 MIL CON, NAVY Mayport Advanced Wastewater Treatment Plant (AWWTP) ........................ 74,994 74,994 Georgia MIL CON, NAVY Marine Corps Logistics Base Al-bany Combat Vehicle Warehouse .......................................................... 0 43,308 Greece MIL CON, NAVY Souda Bay Strategic Aircraft Parking Apron Expansion ................................. 22,045 22,045 Guam MIL CON, NAVY Joint Region Marianas Water Well Field ......................................................................... 56,088 56,088 MIL CON, NAVY Joint Region Marianas MALS Facilities .......................................................................... 49,431 49,431 MIL CON, NAVY Joint Region Marianas Corrosion Control Hangar ............................................................ 66,747 66,747 MIL CON, NAVY Joint Region Marianas Aircraft Maintenance Hangar #2 ................................................. 75,233 75,233 MIL CON, NAVY Joint Region Marianas Navy-Commercial Tie-in Hardening .............................................. 37,180 37,180 Hawaii MIL CON, NAVY Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Sewer Lift Station & Relief Sewer Line ......................................... 73,200 73,200 MIL CON, NAVY Kaneohe Bay LHD Pad Conversions MV–22 Landing Pads ................................. 19,012 19,012 MIL CON, NAVY Marine Corps Base Kaneohe Bay Mokapu Gate Entry Control AT/FP Compliance ............................ 0 26,492 MIL CON, NAVY Wahiawa Communications/Crypto Facility .................................................. 65,864 65,864 
Japan MIL CON, NAVY Iwakuni KC130J Enlisted Aircrew Trainer Facility ..................................... 21,860 21,860 Maine MIL CON, NAVY Kittery Paint, Blast, and Rubber Facility ................................................ 61,692 61,692 North Carolina MIL CON, NAVY Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Water Treatment Plant Replacement Hadnot Pt ............................ 65,784 65,784 MIL CON, NAVY Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Bachelor Enlisted Quarters .......................................................... 37,983 37,983 MIL CON, NAVY Cherry Point Marine Corps Air Sta-tion F–35B Vertical Lift Fan Test Facility ........................................... 15,671 15,671 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6044 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MIL CON, NAVY Marine Corps Base Lejeune Radio BN Complex, Phase 2 ......................................................... 0 64,292 Virginia MIL CON, NAVY Dam Neck ISR Operations Facility Expansion .............................................. 29,262 29,262 MIL CON, NAVY Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek—Story ACU–4 Electrical Upgrades .......................................................... 2,596 2,596 MIL CON, NAVY Marine Corps Base Quantico TBS Fire Station Building 533 Replacement .................................. 0 23,738 MIL CON, NAVY Norfolk Chambers Field Magazine Recap Ph 1 .......................................... 34,665 34,665 MIL CON, NAVY Portsmouth Ship Repair Training Facility ...................................................... 72,990 72,990 MIL CON, NAVY Yorktown Bachelor Enlisted Quarters .......................................................... 36,358 36,358 Washington MIL CON, NAVY Indian Island Missile Magazines ....................................................................... 44,440 44,440 Worldwide Unspecified MIL CON, NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 23,842 23,842 MIL CON, NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 0 18,500 MIL CON, NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 219,069 2 28,069 SUBTOTAL MIL CON, NAVY............................................................................................................................... ....1,616,665 2,043,569 MILCON, AIR FORCE Alaska MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB Repair Central Heat/Power Plant Boiler PH 4 ............................... 41,000 41,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A OSS/Weapons/Intel Facility ............................................... 11,800 11,800 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A AGE Facility / Fillstand .................................................... 21,000 21,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A R–11 Fuel Truck Shelter .................................................... 9,600 9,600 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A Satellite Dining Facility .................................................... 8,000 8,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A Consolidated Munitions Admin Facility .............................. 27,000 27,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A ADAL Conventional Munitions Facility ............................. 2,500 2,500 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eielson AFB F–35A Extend Utiliduct to South Loop .......................................... 48,000 48,000 Arkansas MILCON, AIR FORCE Little Rock AFB Dormitory - 168 PN ...................................................................... 0 20,000 Australia MILCON, AIR FORCE Darwin APR—Bulk Fuel Storage Tanks ................................................... 76,000 76,000 Colorado MILCON, AIR FORCE Buckley Air Force Base SBIRS Operations Facility ........................................................... 38,000 38,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Fort Carson, Colorado 13 ASOS Expansion ..................................................................... 13,000 13,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE U.S. Air Force Academy Air Force CyberWorx ................................................................... 30,000 30,000 Estonia MILCON, AIR FORCE Amari Air Base ERI: POL Capacity Phase II ........................................................ 0 4,700 MILCON, AIR FORCE Amari Air Base ERI: Tactical Fighter Aircraft Parking Apron .............................. 0 9,200 Florida MILCON, AIR FORCE Eglin AFB Dormitories (288 RM) ................................................................... 0 44,000 MILCON, AIR 
FORCE Eglin AFB F–35A Armament Research Fac Addition (B614) ............................ 8,700 8,700 MILCON, AIR FORCE Eglin AFB Long-Range Stand-Off Acquisition Fac ........................................ 38,000 38,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Macdill AFB KC–135 Beddown OG/MXG HQ .................................................... 8,100 8,100 MILCON, AIR FORCE Tyndall AFB Fire/Crash Rescue Station ............................................................ 0 17,000 Georgia MILCON, AIR FORCE Robins AFB Commercial Vehicle Visitor Control Facility .................................. 9,800 9,800 Hungary MILCON, AIR FORCE Kecskemet AB ERI: Increase POL Storage Capacity ............................................ 0 12,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6045 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MILCON, AIR FORCE Kecskemet AB ERI: Construct Parallel Taxiway ................................................. 0 30,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Kecskemet AB ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 0 12,900 Iceland MILCON, AIR FORCE Keflavik ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 0 14,400 Italy MILCON, AIR FORCE Aviano AB Guardian Angel Operations Facility ............................................. 27,325 27,325 Kansas MILCON, AIR FORCE Mcconnell AFB Combat Arms Facility .................................................................. 17,500 17,500 Latvia MILCON, AIR FORCE Lielvarde Air Base ERI: Expand Strategic Ramp Parking .......................................... 0 3,850 Luxembourg MILCON, AIR FORCE Sanem ERI: ECAOS Deployable Airbase System Storage .......................... 0 67,400 Mariana Islands MILCON, AIR FORCE Tinian APR Land Acquisition ................................................................. 12,900 12,900 Maryland MILCON, AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews PAR Land Acquisition ................................................................. 17,500 17,500 MILCON, AIR FORCE Joint Base Andrews Presidential Aircraft Recap Complex ............................................ 254,000 58,000 Massachusetts MILCON, AIR FORCE Hanscom AFB Vandenberg Gate Complex ........................................................... 11,400 11,400 Nevada MILCON, AIR FORCE Nellis AFB Red Flag 5th Gen Facility Addition .............................................. 23,000 23,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Nellis AFB Virtual Warfare Center Operations Facility .................................. 38,000 38,000 New Mexico MILCON, AIR FORCE Cannon AFB Dangerous Cargo Pad Relocate CATM ......................................... 42,000 42,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Holloman AFB RPA Fixed Ground Control Station Facility ................................. 4,250 4,250 MILCON, AIR FORCE Kirtland AFB Replace Fire Station 3 ................................................................. 0 9,300 North Dakota MILCON, AIR FORCE Minot AFB Indoor Firing Range .................................................................... 27,000 27,000 Norway MILCON, AIR FORCE Rygge ERI: Replace/Expand Quick Reaction Alert Pad ........................... 0 10,300 Ohio MILCON, AIR FORCE Wright-Patterson AFB Fire/Crash Rescue Station ............................................................ 0 6,800 Oklahoma MILCON, AIR FORCE Altus AFB Fire Rescue Center ...................................................................... 0 16,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Altus AFB KC–46A FTU Fuselage Trainer Phase 2 ........................................ 4,900 4,900 Qatar MILCON, AIR FORCE Al Udeid, Qatar Consolidated Squadron Operations Facility .................................. 15,000 15,000 Romania MILCON, AIR FORCE Campia Turzii ERI: Upgrade Utilities Infrastructure ........................................... 0 2,950 Slovakia MILCON, AIR FORCE Malacky ERI: Increase POL Storage Capacity ............................................ 0 20,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Malacky ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 0 4,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Sliac Airport ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 0 22,000 Texas MILCON, AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio Camp Bullis Dining Facility ........................................................ 18,500 18,500 MILCON, AIR FORCE 
Joint Base San Antonio Air Traffic Control Tower ............................................................ 10,000 10,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio BMT Recruit Dormitory 7 ............................................................ 90,130 90,130 MILCON, AIR FORCE Joint Base San Antonio BMT Classrooms/Dining Facility 4 ............................................... 38,000 38,000 Turkey MILCON, AIR FORCE Incirlik AB Dormitory—216 PN ...................................................................... 25,997 25,997 United Kingdom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6046 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Fairford EIC RC–135 Intel and Squad Ops Facility ..................................... 38,000 38,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Fairford EIC RC–135 Runway Overrun Reconfiguration ............................. 5,500 5,500 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Fairford EIC RC–135 Infrastructure ........................................................... 2,150 2,150 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath Consolidated Corrosion Control Facility ....................................... 20,000 20,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A F–15 Parking ..................................................................... 10,800 10,800  MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Flight Simulator Facility ................................................... 22,000 22,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Field Training Detachment Facility ................................... 12,492 12,492 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Infrastructure ................................................................... 6,700 6,700 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A 6–Bay Hangar ................................................................... 24,000 24,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Royal Air Force Lakenheath F–35A Squadron Operations and AMU ......................................... 41,000 41,000 Utah MILCON, AIR FORCE Hill AFB UTTR Consolidated Mission Control Center .................................. 28,000 28,000 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations KC–46A Main Operating Base 4 ................................................... 269,000 253,000 MILCON, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 0 56,400 MILCON, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 97,852 97 ,852 MILCON, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 0 56,630 MILCON, AIR FORCE Various Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 31,400 31,400 Wyoming MILCON, AIR FORCE F. E. Warren AFB Consolidated Helo/TRF Ops/AMU and Alert Fac ........................... 62,000 62,000 SUBTOTAL MILCON, AIR FORCE ........................................................................................................................... 1,738,796 1,967,126 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE California MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Pendleton, California SOF Marine Battalion Company/Team Facilities .......................... 9,958 9,958 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Pendleton, California SOF Motor Transport Facility Expansion ..................................... 7,284 7,284 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Pendleton, California Ambulatory Care Center Replacement .......................................... 26,400 26,400 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Coronado SOF Basic Training Command ..................................................... 96,077 96,077 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Coronado SOF SEAL Team Ops Facility ...................................................... 66,218 66,218 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Coronado SOF Logistics Support Unit One Ops Fac. #3 ................................ 46,175 46,175 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Coronado SOF SEAL Team Ops Facility ...................................................... 50,265 50,265 Colorado MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Schriever AFB Ambulatory Care Center/Dental Add./Alt. ..................................... 10,200 10,200 Conus Classified MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Classified Location Battalion Complex, PH 1 .............................................................. 64,364 64,364 Florida MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Eglin AFB SOF Simulator Facility ................................................................ 5,000 5,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Eglin AFB Upgrade Open Storage Yard ........................................................ 4,100 4,100 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Hurlburt Field SOF Simulator & Fuselage Trainer Facility .................................. 11,700 11,700 MIL CON, 
DEF-WIDE Hurlburt Field SOF Combat Aircraft Parking Apron ............................................ 34,700 34,700 Georgia MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Gordon Blood Donor Center Replacement ................................................. 10,350 10,350 Germany MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Rhine Ordnance Barracks Medical Center Replacement Incr 7 .............................................. 106,700 106,700 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Spangdahlem AB Spangdahlem Elementary School Replacement .............................. 79,141 79,141 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Stuttgart Robinson Barracks Elem. School Replacement .............................. 46,609 46,609 Greece 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6047 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Souda Bay Construct Hydrant System ........................................................... 18,100 18,100 Guam MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Andersen AFB Construct Truck Load & Unload Facility ..................................... 23,900 23,900 Hawaii MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Kunia NSAH Kunia Tunnel Entrance ..................................................... 5,000 5,000 Italy MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Sigonella Construct Hydrant System ........................................................... 22,400 22,400 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Vicenza Vicenza High School Replacement ................................................ 62,406 62,406 Japan MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Iwakuni Construct Bulk Storage Tanks PH 1 ............................................. 30,800 30,800 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Kadena AB SOF Special Tactics Operations Facility ....................................... 27,573 27,573 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Kadena AB SOF Maintenance Hangar ........................................................... 3,972 3,972 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Okinawa Replace Mooring System .............................................................. 11,900 11,900 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Sasebo Upgrade Fuel Wharf .................................................................... 45,600 45,600 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Torii Commo Station SOF Tactical Equipment Maintenance Fac ................................... 25,323 25,323 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Yokota AB Hangar/Aircraft Maintenance Unit .............................................. 12,034 12,034 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Yokota AB Operations and Warehouse Facilities ........................................... 8,590 8,590 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Yokota AB Simulator Facility ....................................................................... 2,189 2,189 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Yokota AB Airfield Apron ............................................................................. 10,800 10,800 Maryland MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Bethesda Naval Hospital Medical Center Addition/Alteration Incr 2 .................................... 123,800 123,800 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Meade NSAW Recapitalize Building #2 Incr 3 ......................................... 313,968 313,968 Missouri MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Leonard Wood Hospital Replacement Ph 1 .......................................................... 250,000 50,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Leonard Wood Blood Processing Center Repalcement ........................................... 11,941 11,941 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Ph1 ............................................. 381,000 50,000 New Mexico MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Cannon AFB SOF C–130 Age Facility ............................................................... 8,228 8,228 North Carolina MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina SOF Human Performance Training Center ................................... 10,800 10,800 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina SOF Motor Transport Maintenance Expansion ............................. 20,539 20,539 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration ................................ 15,300 15,300 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Ambulatory Care Center/Dental Clinic .......................................... 21,400 21,400 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Camp Lejeune, North Carolina Ambulatory Care Center/Dental Clinic .......................................... 22,000 22,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Support Battalion Admin Facility ......................................... 13,518 13,518 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Human Performance Training Ctr ........................................ 20,260 20,260 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Tactical Equipment Maintenance Facility ............................. 20,000 20,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Bragg SOF Telecomm Reliability Improvements ...................................... 4,000 4,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Seymour Johnson AFB Construct Tanker Truck Delivery System ...................................... 20,000 20,000 
Puerto Rico MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Punta Borinquen Ramey Unit School Replacement .................................................. 61,071 61,071 South Carolina MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Shaw AFB Consolidate Fuel Facilities ........................................................... 22,900 22,900 Texas MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Bliss Blood Processing Center .............................................................. 8,300 8,300 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Fort Bliss Hospital Replacement Incr 8 ........................................................ 251,330 251,330 United Kingdom 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6048 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Menwith Hill Station RAFMH Main Gate Rehabilitation ............................................... 11,000 11,000 Utah MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Hill AFB Replace POL Facilities ................................................................ 20,000 20,000 Virginia MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek—Story SOF SATEC Range Expansion ..................................................... 23,000 23,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Norfolk Replace Hazardous Materials Warehouse ..................................... 18,500 18,500 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Pentagon Security Updates ......................................................................... 13,260 13,260 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Pentagon Pentagon Corr 8 Pedestrian Access Control Pt .............................. 8,140 8,140 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Pentagon S.E. Safety Traffic and Parking Improvements ............................. 28,700 28,700 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Portsmouth Replace Harardous Materials Warehouse ...................................... 22,500 22,500 Worldwide Unspecified MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 8,000 8,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 26,147 26 ,147 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 39,746 39 ,746 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 3,000 3,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 7,384 7,384 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 0 1,900 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 1,150 1,1 50 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 23,012 2 3,012 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 2,039 2,039 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. ................................ 150,000 176,500 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction ........................................................... 10,000 10,00 0 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 3,000 3,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 13,500 13 ,500 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP Design ............................................................................. 10,000  10,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 3,000 3,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 20,000 20 ,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 40,220 40 ,220 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 10,000 10,000 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction ............................................ 11,490 11,490 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 0 1,150 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 1,942 1,9
42 SUBTOTAL MIL CON, DEF-WIDE ............................................................................................................................ 3,114,913 2,613,463 MILCON, ARNG Delaware MILCON, ARNG New Castle Combined Support Maintenance Shop .......................................... 36,000 36,000 Idaho MILCON, ARNG Mission Training Center Gowen Enlisted Barracks, Transient Training ......................................... 0 9,000 MILCON, ARNG Orchard Trainig Area Digital Air/Ground Integration Range .......................................... 22,000 22,000 Iowa MILCON, ARNG Camp Dodge Vehicle Maintenance Instructional Facility .................................. 0 8,500 Kansas MILCON, ARNG Fort Leavenworth Enlisted Barracks, Transient Training ......................................... 0 19,000 Maine MILCON, ARNG Presque Isle National Guard Readiness Center ................................................ 17,500 17,500 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6049 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
Maryland MILCON, ARNG Sykesville National Guard Readiness Center ................................................ 19,000 19,000 Minnesota MILCON, ARNG Arden Hills National Guard Readiness Center ................................................ 39,000 39,000 Missouri MILCON, ARNG Springfield Aircraft Maintenance Hangar (Addition) ...................................... 0 32,000 New Mexico MILCON, ARNG Las Cruces National Guard Readiness Center Addition ................................... 8,600 8,600 Virginia MILCON, ARNG Fort Belvoir National Guard Readiness Center ................................................ 0 15,000 MILCON, ARNG Fort Pickett Training Aids Center ................................................................... 4,550 4,550 Washington MILCON, ARNG Tumwater National Guard Readiness Center ................................................ 31,000 31,000 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, ARNG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 16,731 16,731 MILCON, ARNG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 16,271 16 ,271 SUBTOTAL MILCON, ARNG............................................................................................................................... .....210,652 294,152 MILCON, ANG California MILCON, ANG March AFB TFI Construct RPA Flight Training Unit ..................................... 15,000 15,000 Colorado MILCON, ANG Peterson AFB Space Control Facility ................................................................. 8,000 8,000 Connecticut MILCON, ANG Bradley IAP Construct Base Entry Complex ..................................................... 7,000 7,000 Indiana MILCON, ANG Hulman Regional Airport Construct Small Arms Range ........................................................ 0 8,000 Kentucky MILCON, ANG Louisville IAP Add/Alter Response Forces Facility .............................................. 9,000 9,000 Mississippi MILCON, ANG Jackson International Airport Construct Small Arms Range ........................................................ 0 8 ,000 Missouri MILCON, ANG Rosecrans Memorial Airport Replace Communications Facility ................................................. 10,000 1 0,000 New York MILCON, ANG Hancock Field Add to Flight Training Unit, Building 641 .................................... 6,800 6,800 Ohio MILCON, ANG Toledo Express Airport NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Hangar ......................................... 15,000 15,000 Oklahoma MILCON, ANG Tulsa International Airport Construct Small Arms Range ........................................................ 0 8,0 00 Oregon MILCON, ANG Klamath Falls IAP Construct Corrosion Control Hangar ............................................ 10,500 10,500 MILCON, ANG Klamath Falls IAP Construct Indoor Range .............................................................. 8,000 8,000 South Dakota MILCON, ANG Joe Foss Field Aircraft Maintenance Shops ........................................................ 12,000 12,000 Tennessee MILCON, ANG McGhee-Tyson Airport Replace KC–135 Maintenance Hangar and Shops .......................... 25,000 25,000 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, ANG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................ ... 0 2,000 MILCON, ANG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................ ... 18,000 18,000 MILCON, ANG Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 17 ,191 17,191 SUBTOTAL MILCON, ANG............................................................................................................................... .......161,491 187,491 MILCON, ARMY R California MILCON, ARMY R Fallbrook Army Reserve Center ................................................................... 36,000 36,000 Delaware MILCON, ARMY R Newark Army Reserve Center ................................................................... 0 19,500 Ohio MILCON, ARMY R Wright-Patterson AFB Area Maintenance Support Activity ............................................. 0 9,100 Puerto Rico MILCON, ARMY R Aguadilla Army Reserve Center ................................................................... 12,400 12,400 Washington MILCON, ARMY R Joint Base Lewis-McChord Army Reserve Center ................................................................... 0 30,000 
Wisconsin MILCON, ARMY R Fort McCoy AT/MOB Dining Facility–1428 PN ................................................ 13,000 13,000 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6050 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, ARMY R Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design ................................................................... 6,887 6,8 87 MILCON, ARMY R Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 5,425 5,425 SUBTOTAL MILCON, ARMY R............................................................................................................................... .73,712 132,312 MIL CON, NAVY RES California MIL CON, NAVY RES Lemoore Naval Operational Support Center Lemoore .................................. 17,330 17,330 Georgia MIL CON, NAVY RES Fort Gordon Naval Operational Support Center Fort Gordon ............................ 17,797 17,797 New Jersey MIL CON, NAVY RES Joint Base Mcguire-Dix-Lakehurst Aircraft Apron, Taxiway & Support Facilities .............................. 11,573 11,573 Texas MIL CON, NAVY RES Fort Worth KC130-J Eacts Facility ................................................................. 12,637 12,637 Worldwide Unspecified MIL CON, NAVY RES Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 1,504 1,504 MIL CON, NAVY RES Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 4,430 4, 430 SUBTOTAL MIL CON, NAVY RES ............................................................................................................................ 65,271 65,271 MILCON, AF RES Florida MILCON, AF RES Patrick AFB Guardian Angel Facility .............................................................. 25,000 25,000 Georgia MILCON, AF RES Robins AFB Consolidated Mission Complex Phase 2 ......................................... 0 32,000 Guam MILCON, AF RES Joint Region Marianas Reserve Medical Training Facility ................................................ 5,200 5,200 Hawaii MILCON, AF RES Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam Consolidated Training Facility .................................................... 5,500 5,500 Massachusetts MILCON, AF RES Westover ARB Indoor Small Arms Range ............................................................ 10,000 10,000 MILCON, AF RES Westover ARB Maintenance Facility Shops ......................................................... 0 51,100 Minnesota MILCON, AF RES Minneapolis-St Paul IAP Indoor Small Arms Range ............................................................ 0 9,000 North Carolina MILCON, AF RES Seymour Johnson AFB KC–46A ADAL for Alt Mission Storage ......................................... 6,400 6,400 Texas MILCON, AF RES NAS JRB Fort Worth Munitions Training/Admin Facility .............................................. 0 3,100 Utah MILCON, AF RES Hill AFB Add/Alter Life Support Facility .................................................... 3,100 3,100 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, AF RES Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 0 13,500  MILCON, AF RES Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 4,725 4, 725 MILCON, AF RES Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction ................................................... 3,610 3,610 SUBTOTAL MILCON, AF RES............................................................................................................................... ..63,535 172,235 NATO SEC INV PRGM Worldwide Unspecified NATO SEC INV PRGM Nato Security Investment Program Nato Security Investment Program ............................................... 154,000 154,000
 SUBTOTAL NATO SEC INV PRGM .......................................................................................................................... 154,000 154,000 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ....................................................................................................................... 8,119,429 8,568,513 FAMILY HOUSING FAM HSG CON, ARMY Georgia 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6051 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
FAM HSG CON, ARMY Fort Gordon Family Housing New Construction ............................................... 6,100 6,100 Germany FAM HSG CON, ARMY Baumholder Construction Improvements .......................................................... 34,156 34,156 FAM HSG CON, ARMY South Camp Vilseck Family Housing New Construction (36 Units) ................................ 22,445 22,445 Korea FAM HSG CON, ARMY Camp Humphreys Family Housing New Construction Incr 2 ..................................... 34,402 34,402 Kwajalein FAM HSG CON, ARMY Kwajalein Atoll Family Housing Replacement Construction ................................... 31,000 0 Massachusetts FAM HSG CON, ARMY Natick Family Housing Replacement Construction ................................... 21,000 21,000 Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG CON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 33,559 3 3,559 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG CON, ARMY .......................................................................................................................... 182,662 151,662 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................... 37,089  37,089 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... 8,930 8,930 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ................................................................................ 12,8 16 12,816 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ............................................................................. 400 4 00 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................... 57,70 8 57,708 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... . 60,251 60,251 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ....................................................................................... 1 48,538 148,538 FAM HSG O&M, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privitization Support ...................................................... 20,893 20,89 3 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG O&M, ARMY ......................................................................................................................... 346,625 346,625 FAM HSG CON, N/MC Bahrain Island FAM HSG CON, N/MC SW Asia Construct On-Base GFOQ ............................................................ 2,138 2,138 Mariana Islands FAM HSG CON, N/MC Guam Replace Andersen Housing PH II ................................................. 40,875 0 Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG CON, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Construction Improvements .......................................................... 36,251 36,25 1 FAM HSG CON, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 4,418 4, 418 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG CON, N/MC ........................................................................................................................... 83,682 42,807 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... . 62,167 62,167 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ................................................................................ 14,5 29 14,529 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................... 50,989
 50,989 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ............................................................................. 336 3 36 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... 15,649 15,649 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ....................................................................................... 6 1,921 61,921 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................... 95,10 4 95,104 FAM HSG O&M, N/MC Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization Support ..................................................... 27,587 27,587  SUBTOTAL FAM HSG O&M, N/MC .......................................................................................................................... 328,282 328,282 FAM HSG CON, AF Worldwide Unspecified 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6052 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
FAM HSG CON, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Construction Improvements .......................................................... 80,617 80,61 7 FAM HSG CON, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning & Design ...................................................................... 4,445 4, 445 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG CON, AF............................................................................................................................... 85,062 85,062 FAM HSG O&M, AF Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Housing Privatization .................................................................. 21,569 2 1,569 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... . 47,504 47,504 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................... 53,464  53,464 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ....................................................................................... 13,517 13,517 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ................................................................................ 29,4 24 29,424 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Miscellaneous ............................................................................. 1,839  1,839 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ....................................................................................... 1 6,818 16,818 FAM HSG O&M, AF Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................... 134,1 89 134,189 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG O&M, AF.............................................................................................................................. 318,324 318,324 FAM HSG O&M, DW Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... . 4,100 4,100 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ................................................................................ 407 407 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... . 268 268 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ....................................................................................... 1 2,390 12,390 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................... 655 6 55 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ................................................................................ 641 641 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Leasing ....................................................................................... 3 9,716 39,716 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Furnishings ................................................................................ 6 6 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Services ...................................................................................... 1 4 14 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Utilities ...................................................................................... . 86 86 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Maintenance ............................................................................... 567 5 67 FAM HSG O&M, DW Unspecified Worldwide Locations Management ............................................................................... 319 31 9 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG O&M, DW............................................................................................................................. 59,169 59,169 FAM HSG IMPROVE FUND 
Worldwide Unspecified FAM HSG IM-PROVE FUND Unspecified Worldwide Locations Administrative Expenses—Fhif ..................................................... 2,726 2,726 SUBTOTAL FAM HSG IMPROVE FUND .................................................................................................................. 2,726 2,726 TOTAL FAMILY HOUSING............................................................................................................................... .......1,406,532 1,334,657 DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE DOD BRAC—ARMY Worldwide Unspecified DOD BRAC— ARMY Base Realignment & Closure, Army Base Realignment and Closure ..................................................... 58,000 58,000  SUBTOTAL DOD BRAC—ARMY............................................................................................................................... 58,000 58,000 DOD BRAC—NAVY Worldwide Unspecified DOD BRAC— NAVY Base Realignment & Closure, Navy Base Realignment & Closure ........................................................ 93,474 93,47 4 DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–172: NWS Seal Beach, Concord, CA ..................................... 5,355 5,355 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6053 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–138: NAS Brunswick, ME .................................................... 647 647 DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–157: MCSA Kansas City, MO ............................................... 40 40 DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–84: JRB Willow Grove & Cambria Reg AP ............................ 4,737 4,737 DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations Undistributed .............................................................................. 7,21 0 7,210 DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–100: Planing, Design and Management ................................ 8,428 8,428 DOD BRAC— NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations DON–101: Various Locations ........................................................ 23,753 23,753  SUBTOTAL DOD BRAC—NAVY............................................................................................................................... 143,644 143,644 DOD BRAC—AIR FORCE Worldwide Unspecified DOD BRAC— AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations DoD BRAC Activities—Air Force .................................................. 54,223 54,223 SUBTOTAL DOD BRAC—AIR FORCE ...................................................................................................................... 54,223 54,223 TOTAL DEFENSE BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ....................................................................................... 255,867 255,867 UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Worldwide Unspecified UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND Unaccompanied Housing Improve-ment Fund Administrative Expenses—UHIF .................................................. 623 623 SUBTOTAL UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND ............................................................................................................. 623 623 TOTAL UNACCMP HSG IMPRV FUND .................................................................................................................... 623 623 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC .................................................................... 9,782,451 10,159,660 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVER-SEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
MILITARY CONSTRUCTION MILCON, ARMY Guantanamo Bay, Cuba MILCON, ARMY Guantanamo Bay OCO: Barracks ............................................................................ 115,000 115,000 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 15,700 0 MILCON, ARMY Unspecified Worldwide Locations OCO: Planning and Design .......................................................... 9,000 9,000 SUBTOTAL MILCON, ARMY............................................................................................................................... .....139,700 124,000 MIL CON, NAVY Worldwide Unspecified MIL CON, NAVY Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 18,500 0 SUBTOTAL MIL CON, NAVY............................................................................................................................... ....18,500 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Estonia MILCON, AIR FORCE Amari Air Base ERI: POL Capacity Phase II ........................................................ 4,700 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Amari Air Base ERI: Tactical Fighter Aircraft Parking Apron .............................. 9,200 0 Hungary MILCON, AIR FORCE Kecskemet AB ERI: Increase POL Storage Capacity ............................................ 12,500 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Kecskemet AB ERI: Construct Parallel Taxiway ................................................. 30,000 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Kecskemet AB ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 12,900 0 Iceland MILCON, AIR FORCE Keflavik ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 14,400 0 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6054 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State or Country and Installation Project Title Budget Request Senate Authorized 
Jordan MILCON, AIR FORCE Azraq OCO: MSAB Development ............................................................ 143,000 143,000 Latvia MILCON, AIR FORCE Lielvarde Air Base ERI: Expand Strategic Ramp Parking .......................................... 3,850 0 Luxembourg MILCON, AIR FORCE Sanem ERI: ECAOS Deployable Airbase System Storage .......................... 67,400 0 Norway MILCON, AIR FORCE Rygge ERI: Replace/Expand Quick Reaction Alert Pad ........................... 10,300 0 Romania MILCON, AIR FORCE Campia Turzii ERI: Upgrade Utilities Infrastructure ........................................... 2,950 0 Slovakia MILCON, AIR FORCE Malacky ERI: Increase POL Storage Capacity ............................................ 20,000 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Malacky ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 4,000 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Sliac Airport ERI: Airfield Upgrades ................................................................ 22,000 0 Turkey MILCON, AIR FORCE Incirlik AB OCO: Replace Perimeter Fence ..................................................... 8,100 8,100 MILCON, AIR FORCE Incirlik AB OCO: Relocate Base Main Access Control Point ............................ 14,600 14,600 Worldwide Unspecified MILCON, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 56,630 0 MILCON, AIR FORCE Unspecified Worldwide Locations OCO—Planning and Design ......................................................... 41,500 41,500 SUBTOTAL MILCON, AIR FORCE ........................................................................................................................... 478,030 207,200 MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Worldwide Unspecified MIL CON, DEF-WIDE Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERI: Planning and Design ........................................................... 1,900 0 SUBTOTAL MIL CON, DEF-WIDE ............................................................................................................................ 1,900 0 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION ....................................................................................................................... 638,130 331,200 TOTAL MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, FAMILY HOUSING, AND BRAC .................................................................... 638,130 331,200 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Discretionary Summary by Appropriation Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: Energy Programs Nuclear energy ................................................................................................................. ........................... 133,000 133,000 Atomic Energy Defense Activities National nuclear security administration: Weapons activities ............................................................................................................. .................... 10,239,344 10,512,944 Defense nuclear nonproliferation ............................................................................................... ............ 1,793,310 2,043,607 Naval reactors ................................................................................................................. ...................... 1,479,751 1,517,751 Federal Salaries and Expenses .................................................................................................. ............. 418,595 418,595 Total, National nuclear security administration .................................................................................................... 13,931,000 14,492,897 Environmental and other defense activities: Other defense activities ....................................................................................................... ................... 815,512 815,512 Defense nuclear waste disposal ................................................................................................. ............. 30,000 30,000 Total, Environmental & other defense activities ..................................................................................................... 845,512 845,512 Total, Atomic Energy Defense Activities ................................................................................................................. 14,776,512 15,338,409 Subtotal, Energy And Water Development and Related Agencies ............................................................................ 14,909,512 15,471,409 Defense EM funded .............................................................................................................. ............................. 5,537,186 5,537,186 Uranium enrichment D&D fund contribution ....................................................................................... ......... 0 0 Total, Discretionary Funding............................................................................................................................... ..20,446,698 21,008,595 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6055 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Nuclear Energy Idaho sitewide safeguards and security ......................................................................................... ........................... 133,000 133,000 Total, Nuclear Energy............................................................................................................................... .............133,000 133,000 Defense (050) function.....................(non-add) ........................................................................... ..................................... ( 133,000) –133,000 Weapons Activities Directed stockpile work Life extension programs and major alterations B61 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... ..................... 788,572 788,572 W76 Life extension program ..................................................................................................... .................... 224,134 224,134 W88 Alt 370 .................................................................................................................... ............................. 0 0 W88 Alteration program ......................................................................................................... ...................... 332,292 332,292 W80–4 Life extension program ................................................................................................... ................... 399,090 399,090 Total, Life extension programs and major alterations ........................................................................................... 1,744,088 1,744,088 Stockpile systems B61 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ......................... 59,729 59,729 W76 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 51,400 51,400 W78 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 60,100 60,100 W80 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 80,087 80,087 B83 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ......................... 35,762 35,762 W87 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 83,200 83,200 W88 Stockpile systems .......................................................................................................... ........................ 131,576 131,576 Total, Stockpile systems............................................................................................................................... ..........501,854 501,854 Weapons dismantlement and disposition Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ................... 52,000 52,000 Stockpile services Production support ............................................................................................................. ......................... 470,400 470,400 Research and development support ............................................................................................... ................ 31,150 31,150 R&D certification and safety ................................................................................................... .................... 196,840 217,740 Program increase for technology maturation ............................................................................... [20,90 0 ] Management, technology, and production ......................................................................................... ........... 285,400 285,400 Total, Stockpile services............................................................................................................................... ..........983,790 1,004,690 Strategic materials Uranium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ...................... 20,579 20,579 Plutonium sustainment .......................................................................................................... ...................... 210,367 210,367 Tritium sustainment ............................................................................................................ ........................ 198,152 198,152 Domestic uranium enrichment .................................................................................................... .................. 60,000 60,000 Strategic materials sustainment ................................................................................................ .................... 206,196 206,196 Total, Strategic materials............................................................................................................................... .......695,294 695,294 Total, Directed stockpile work............................................................................................................................... .3,977,026 3,997,926 Research, development, test evaluation (RDT&E) Science Advanced certification ......................................................................................................... ........................ 57,710 57,710 Primary assessment technologies ................................................................................................ .................. 89,313 89,313 Dynamic materials properties ................................................................................................... .................... 122,347 122,347 Advanced radiography ........................................................................................................... ..................... 37,600 37,600 Secondary assessment technologies .............................................................................................. ................. 76,833 76,833 Academic alliances and partnerships ............................................................................................ ................ 52,963 52,963 Enhanced Capabilities for Subcritical Experiments .............................................................................. .......... 50,755 65,755 Radiography project completion ................................................................................................. [15,000 ] 
Total, Science............................................................................................................................... ..........................487,521 502,521 Engineering Enhanced surety ................................................................................................................ ......................... 39,717 52,017 Program increase for technology maturation ............................................................................... [12,30 0 ] Weapon systems engineering assessment technology ............................................................................... ....... 23,029 23,029 Nuclear survivability .......................................................................................................... ......................... 45,230 45,230 Enhanced surveillance .......................................................................................................... ....................... 45,147 45,147 Stockpile Responsiveness ....................................................................................................... ...................... 40,000 50,000 Program increase ............................................................................................................... ........ [10,000 ] Total, Engineering............................................................................................................................... ..................193,123 215,423 Inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield Ignition ....................................................................................................................... ............................... 79,575 79,575 Support of other stockpile programs ............................................................................................ ................. 23,565 23,565 Diagnostics, cryogenics and experimental support ............................................................................... .......... 77,915 77,915 Pulsed power inertial confinement fusion ....................................................................................... .............. 7,596 7,596 Joint program in high energy density laboratory plasmas ........................................................................ ...... 9,492 9,492 Facility operations and target production ...................................................................................... ............... 334,791 346,791 Support increased shot rates ................................................................................................... ... [12,000 ] Total, Inertial confinement fusion and high yield .................................................................................................. 532,934 544,934 Advanced simulation and computing Advanced simulation and computing .............................................................................................. .............. 709,244 709,244 Construction: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6056 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
18–D–670, Exascale Class Computer Cooling Equipment, LNL ................................................................... 22,0 00 22,000 18–D–620, Exascale Computing Facility Modernization Project ................................................................. 3,0 00 3,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................25,000 25,000 Total, Advanced simulation and computing ........................................................................................................... 734,244 734,244 Advanced manufacturing development Additive manufacturing ......................................................................................................... ...................... 12,000 24,000 Program increase for research and infrastructure ........................................................................ [12,000  ] Component manufacturing development ............................................................................................ ........... 38,644 75,044 Improve production efficiency .................................................................................................. .. [36,400 ] Process technology development ................................................................................................. .................. 29,896 29,896 Total, Advanced manufacturing development ........................................................................................................ 80,540 128,940 Total, RDT&E............................................................................................................................... .........................2,028,362 2,126,062 Infrastructure and operations Operating Operations of facilities Operations of facilities ....................................................................................................... .................... 868,000 868,000 Kansas City National Security Campus ........................................................................................... ....... 0 0 Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... ...... 0 0 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ........... 0 0 Nevada National Security Site .................................................................................................. .............. 0 0 Pantex ......................................................................................................................... ......................... 0 0 Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ............. 0 0 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ .................. 0 0 Y–12 National security complex ................................................................................................. ............. 0 0 Total, Operations of facilities............................................................................................................................... .868,000 868,000 Safety and environmental operations ............................................................................................ ................ 116,000 116,000 Maintenance and repair of facilities ........................................................................................... .................. 360,000 410,000 Reduce deferred maintenance backlog ........................................................................................ [50, 000 ] Recapitalization ............................................................................................................... ........................... 427,342 527,342 Reduce deferred maintenance backlog ........................................................................................ [100 ,000 ] Construction: 18–D–660, Fire Station, Y–12 ................................................................................................... ...................... 28,000 28,000 18–D–650, Tritium Production Capability, SRS ................................................................................... ........... 6,800 6,800 17–D–640, U1a Complex Enhancements Project, NNSS ............................................................................... ..... 22,100 22,100 17–D–630, Expand Electrical Distribution System, LLNL .......................................................................... ...... 6,000 6,000 17–D–126, PF–4 reconfiguration project, LANL ................................................................................... ........... 0 0 17–D–125, RLOUB reconfiguration project, LANL .................................................................................. ....... 0 0 16–D–621 TA–3 substation replacement, LANL ..................................................................................... .......... 0 0 16–D–515 Albuquerque complex project ........................................................................................... ............... 98,000 98,000 15–D–613 Emergency Operations Center, Y–12 ..................................................................................... .......... 7,000 7,000 15–D–302, TA–55 Reinvestment project, Phase 3, LANL ............................................................................ ...... 0 0 11–D–801 TA–55 Reinvestment project Phase 2, LANL .............................................................................. ...... 0 0 07–D–220 Radioactive liquid waste treatment facility upgrade project, LANL .................................................. 2,1 00 2,100 07–D–220-04 Transuranic liquid waste facility, LANL ............................................................................ ........ 17,895 17,895 06–D–141 Uranium processing facility Y–12, Oak Ridge, TN ....................................................................... .... 663,000 663,000 Chemistry and metallurgy replacement (CMRR) 04–D–125 Chemistry and metallurgy research facility replacement project, LANL ...................................... 180,900 180, 900 04–D–125—04 RLUOB equipment installation .......................................................................................
... 0 0 04–D–125—05 PF –4 equipment installation ....................................................................................... ....... 0 0 Total, Chemistry and metallurgy replacement (CMRR) .......................................................................................... 180,900 180,900 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................1,031,795 1,031,795 Total, Infrastructure and operations ..................................................................................................................... 2,803,137 2,953,137 Secure transportation asset Operations and equipment ....................................................................................................... .......................... 219,464 219,464 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 105,600 105,600 Total, Secure transportation asset ......................................................................................................................... 325,064 325,064 Defense nuclear security Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ......................... 686,977 691,977 Reduce deferred maintenance backlog ............................................................................................ .. [5,000 ] Security improvements program .................................................................................................. ........................ 0 0 Construction: 17–D–710 West end protected area reduction project, Y–12 ....................................................................... ....... 0 0 14–D–710 Device assembly facility argus installation project, NNSS, NV ......................................................... .0  0  Total, Defense nuclear security.............................................................................................................................. 686,977 691,977 Information technology and cybersecurity ....................................................................................... ......................... 186,728 186,728 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ................................. 232,050 232,050 Subtotal, Weapons activities............................................................................................................................... ...10,239,344 10,512,944 Adjustments Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................... ............................. 0 0 Subtotal, Weapons activities............................................................................................................................... ...10,239,344 10,512,944 Rescission Rescission of prior year balances .............................................................................................. .......................... 0 0 Total, Weapons Activities............................................................................................................................... ........10,239,344 10,512,944 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6057 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs Global material security International nuclear security ................................................................................................. .................... 46,339 66,339 Enhanced nuclear security ...................................................................................................... ... [20,000 ] Radiological security .......................................................................................................... ......................... 146,340 166,340 Protection and safe disposal of radioactive sources ..................................................................... [20,000  ] Domestic radiologic security ................................................................................................... ...................... 0 0 International radiologic security .............................................................................................. .................... 0 0 Nuclear smuggling detection .................................................................................................... .................... 144,429 204,429 Radiation detection ............................................................................................................ ....... [60,000 ] Total, Global material security.............................................................................................................................. 337,108 437,108 Material management and minimization HEU reactor conversion ......................................................................................................... ...................... 125,500 125,500 Nuclear material removal ....................................................................................................... ...................... 32,925 32,925 Material disposition ........................................................................................................... .......................... 173,669 173,669 Total, Material management & minimization ........................................................................................................ 332,094 332,094 Nonproliferation and arms control .............................................................................................. ........................ 129,703 200,000 Verification ................................................................................................................... .................. [70,297 ] Defense nuclear nonproliferation R&D ........................................................................................... .................... 446,095 446,095 Nonproliferation construction U. S. Construction: 18–D–150 Surplus Plutonium Disposition Project ................................................................................. .... 9,000 9,000 99–D–143 Mixed Oxide (MOX) Fuel Fabrication Facility, SRS .................................................................. 270, 000 350,000 Increase to continue construction of MOX ............................................................................ [80,000 ] Total, Nonproliferation construction ..................................................................................................................... 279,000 359,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation Programs ............................................................................................... 1,524,000 1,774,297 Legacy contractor pensions ..................................................................................................... ................................. 40,950 40,950 Nuclear counterterrorism and incident response program ......................................................................... .................. 277,360 277,360 Subtotal, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ........................................................................................................... 1,842,310 2,092,607 Adjustments Use of prior year balances ..................................................................................................... ............................. 0 0 Subtotal, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ........................................................................................................... 1,842,310 2,092,607 Rescission ..................................................................................................................... .......................................... 0 Rescission of prior year balances .............................................................................................. .......................... –49,000 –49,000 Total, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation ................................................................................................................ 1,793,310 2,043,607 Naval Reactors Naval reactors development ..................................................................................................... ................................. 473,267 473,267 Ohio replacement reactor systems development ................................................................................... ....................... 0 0 Columbia-Class reactor systems development ..................................................................................... ........................ 156,700 156,700 S8G Prototype refueling ........................................................................................................ ................................... 190,000 190,000 Naval reactors operations and infrastructure ................................................................................... ......................... 466,884 504,884 Reduce deferred maintenance backlog ............................................................................................ ........ [38,000 ] Construction: .................................................................................................................. ........................................ 0 17–D–911, BL Fire System Upgrade ............................................................................................... ...................... 0 0 15–D–904 NRF Overpack Storage Expansion 3 ...................................................................................... ............... 13,700 13,700 15–D–903 KL Fire System Upgrade ................................................................................................ ...................... 15,000 15,000 15–D–902 KS Engineroom team trainer facility ................................................................................... .................. 0 0 14–D–902 KL Materials characterization laboratory expansion, KAPL ..............................................................
.... 0 0 14–D–901 Spent fuel handling recapitalization project, NRF ..................................................................... ............ 116,000 116,000 10-D–903, Security upgrades, KS ................................................................................................ ......................... 0 0 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................144,700 144,700 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 48,200 48,200 Subtotal, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... ........1,479,751 1,517,751 Rescission Rescission of prior year balances .............................................................................................. .......................... 0 0 Total, Naval Reactors............................................................................................................................... .............1,479,751 1,517,751 Federal Salaries and Expenses Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 418,595 418,595 Rescission ..................................................................................................................... ............................. 0 0 Total, Federal Salaries and Expenses .................................................................................................................... 418,595 418,595 Defense Environmental Cleanup Closure sites: Closure sites administration ................................................................................................... ............................ 4,889 4,889 Hanford site: River corridor and other cleanup operations: River corridor and other cleanup operations .................................................................................... ............. 58,692 58,692 Central plateau remediation: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6058 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Central plateau remediation .................................................................................................... ..................... 637,879 637,879 Richland community and regulatory support ...................................................................................... ................ 5,121 5,121 Construction 18–D–404 WESF Modifications and Capsule Storage ................................................................................ ...... 6,500 6,500 15–D–401 Containerized sludge removal annex, RL ................................................................................ ........ 8,000 8,000 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................14,500 14,500 Total, Hanford site............................................................................................................................... ..................716,192 716,192 Idaho National Laboratory: SNF stabilization and disposition—2012 ......................................................................................... ..................... 19,975 19,975 Solid waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................................................... ....................... 170,101 170,101 Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ............. 111,352 111,352 Soil and water remediation—2035 ................................................................................................ ....................... 44,727 44,727 Idaho community and regulatory support ......................................................................................... .................. 4,071 4,071 Total, Idaho National Laboratory .......................................................................................................................... 350,226 350,226 NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ......................................................................................... .................. 1,175 1,175 Nuclear facility D&D Separations Process Research Unit ......................................................................... ........... 1,800 1,800 Nevada ......................................................................................................................... .................................... 60,136 60,136 Sandia National Laboratories ................................................................................................... ......................... 2,600 2,600 Los Alamos National Laboratory ................................................................................................. ....................... 191,629 191,629 Total, NNSA sites and Nevada off-sites .................................................................................................................. 257,340 257,340 Oak Ridge Reservation: OR Nuclear facility D & D OR-0041—D&D - Y–12 ............................................................................................................. ..................... 29,369 29,369 OR-0042—D&D -ORNL .............................................................................................................. .................. 48,110 48,110 Construction 17–D–401 On-site waste disposal facility ....................................................................................... ........... 5,000 5,000 14–D–403 Outfall 200 Mercury Treatment Facility ................................................................................ .... 17,100 17,100 Total, OR Nuclear facility D & D ........................................................................................................................... 99,579 99,579 U233 Disposition Program ....................................................................................................... ........................... 33,784 33,784 OR cleanup and disposition OR cleanup and disposition ..................................................................................................... .................... 66,632 66,632 OR community & regulatory support .............................................................................................. .................... 4,605 4,605 Solid waste stabilization and disposition Oak Ridge technology development ............................................................................................... ............... 3,000 3,000 Total, Oak Ridge Reservation............................................................................................................................... .207,600 207,600 Office of River Protection: Waste treatment and immobilization plant Construction: 01–D–416 A-D WTP Subprojects A-D ............................................................................................... ....... 655,000 655,000 01–D–416 E—Pretreatment Facility ............................................................................................... ......... 35,000 35,000 Total, 01–D–416 Construction............................................................................................................................... .690,000 690,000 WTP Commissioning .............................................................................................................. ........................... 8,000 8,000 Total, Waste treatment & immobilization plant ..................................................................................................... 698,000 698,000 Tank farm activities Rad liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition ............................................................................ ........... 713,311 713,311 Construction: 15–D–409 Low activity waste pretreatment system, ORP ........................................................................... 93,000 93,000 Total, Tank farm activities............................................................................................................................... .....806,311 806,311 Total, Office of River protection............................................................................................................................. 1,504,311 1,504,311 
Savannah River Sites: Savannah River risk management operations: Nuclear material stabilization and disposition ................................................................................. .............. 0 0 SNF stabilization and disposition .............................................................................................. ................... 0 0 Soil and water remediation–2035 ................................................................................................ ................... 0 0 Solid waste stabilization and disposition ...................................................................................... ................. 0 0 Total, Savannah River risk management operations ............................................................................................. 0 0 Nuclear Material Management Nuclear Material Management .................................................................................................... ........... 323,482 323,482 Environmental Cleanup Environmental Cleanup .......................................................................................................... .............. 159,478 159,478 Construction: 08–D–402, Emergency Operations Center .......................................................................................... ....... 500 500 Total, Environmental Cleanup............................................................................................................................... 159,978 159,978 SR community and regulatory support ............................................................................................ .................... 11,249 11,249 Radioactive liquid tank waste: Radioactive liquid tank waste stabilization and disposition .................................................................... ....... 597,258 597,258 Construction: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6059 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
18–D–401, SDU #8/9 ............................................................................................................. ................... 500 500 17–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #7 ............................................................................................ ......... 40,000 40,000 15–D–402—Saltstone Disposal Unit #6, SRS ....................................................................................... ...... 0 0 05–D–405 Salt waste processing facility, Savannah River Site ................................................................... 150,000 150,000 Total, Savannah River Site............................................................................................................................... .....1,282,467 1,282,467 Waste Isolation Pilot Plant Operations and maintenance ..................................................................................................... ......................... 206,617 206,617 Recovery activities ............................................................................................................ ................................. 0 0 Central characterization project ............................................................................................... .......................... 22,500 22,500 Transportation ................................................................................................................. ................................. 21,854 21,854 Construction: 15–D–411 Safety significant confinement ventilation system, WIPP ............................................................... . 46,000 46,000 15–D–412 Exhaust shaft, WIPP ................................................................................................... .................. 19,600 19,600 Total, Construction............................................................................................................................... .................65,600 65,600 Total, Waste Isolation Pilot Plant .......................................................................................................................... 316,571 316,571 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ...................................... 300,000 300,000 Program support ................................................................................................................ ...................................... 6,979 6,979 WCF Mission Related Activities ................................................................................................. ............................... 22,109 22,109 Minority Serving Institution Partnership ....................................................................................... ........................... 6,000 6,000 Safeguards and Security: Oak Ridge Reservation .......................................................................................................... ............................ 16,500 16,500 Paducah ........................................................................................................................ ................................... 14,049 14,049 Portsmouth ..................................................................................................................... .................................. 12,713 12,713 Richland/Hanford Site .......................................................................................................... ............................. 75,600 75,600 Savannah River Site ............................................................................................................ .............................. 142,314 142,314 Waste Isolation Pilot Project .................................................................................................. ............................ 5,200 5,200 West Valley .................................................................................................................... ................................... 2,784 2,784 Total, Safeguards and Security.............................................................................................................................. 269,160 269,160 Cyber Security ................................................................................................................. ........................................ 43,342 43,342 Technology development ......................................................................................................... ................................. 25,000 25,000 HQEF-0040—Excess Facilities .................................................................................................... ............................... 225,000 225,000 CB-0101 Economic assistance to the state of NM ................................................................................. ....................... 0 0 Subtotal, Defense environmental cleanup .............................................................................................................. 5,537,186 5,537,186 Rescission: Rescission of prior year balances .............................................................................................. .......................... 0 Total, Defense Environmental Cleanup .................................................................................................................. 5,537,186 5,537,186 Other Defense Activities Environment, health, safety and security Environment, health, safety and security ....................................................................................... .................... 130,693 130,693 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 68,765 68,765 Total, Environment, Health, safety and security ..................................................................................................... 199,458 199,458 Independent enterprise assessments Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................. ....................... 24,068 24,068 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 50,863 50,863 Total, Independent enterprise assessments ............................................................................................................. 74,931 74,931 Specialized security activities ................................................................................................ ................................... 237,912 237,912 Office of Legacy Management Legacy management .............................................................................................................. ............................ 137,674 137,674 Program direction .............................................................................................................. ................................ 16,932 16,932 Total, Office of Legacy Management
....................................................................................................................... 154,606 154,606 Defense related administrative support Chief financial officer ........................................................................................................ ................................ 48,484 48,484 Chief information officer ...................................................................................................... .............................. 91,443 91,443 Management ..................................................................................................................... ................................ 0 0 Project management oversight and Assessments ................................................................................... ............... 3,073 3,073 Total, Defense related administrative support ....................................................................................................... 143,000 143,000 Office of hearings and appeals ................................................................................................. ................................ 5,605 5,605 Subtotal, Other defense activities ........................................................................................................................... 815,512 815,512 Rescission: Rescission of prior year balances (LM) ......................................................................................... ...................... 0 0 Rescission of prior year balances (EHS&S) ...................................................................................... .................... 0 0 Rescission of prior year balances (OHA) ........................................................................................ ..................... 0 0 Rescission of prior year balances (SSA) ........................................................................................ ....................... 0 0 Rescission of prior year balances (EA) ......................................................................................... ....................... 0 0 Rescission of prior year balances (ESA) ........................................................................................ ...................... 0 0 Total, Rescission............................................................................................................................... .....................0 0 Total, Other Defense Activities............................................................................................................................... 815,512 815,512 Defense Nuclear Waste Disposal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6060 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2018 Request Senate Authorized 
Yucca mountain and interim storage ............................................................................................. ........................... 30,000 30,000 Uranium Enrichment D&D Fund Uranium Enrichment D&D Fund Contribution ....................................................................................... .................. 0 0 
DIVISION E—ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE LI—PROCUREMENT 
SEC. 5101. PLAN FOR MODERNIZATION OF THE RADAR FOR F–16 FIGHTER AIRCRAFT OF THE NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) M ODERNIZATION PLAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a plan to modernize the radars of F–16 fighter aircraft of the National Guard by replacing legacy me-chanically-scanned radars for such aircraft with AESA radars. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plan developed pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 5102. UPGRADE OF M113 VEHICLES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the De-partment of Defense for fiscal year 2018 may be obligated or expended to upgrade Army M113 ve-hicles until the Secretary of the Army submits to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the strategy of the Army for the upgrade of such vehicles. The report shall in-clude the following: (1) A detailed strategy for upgrading and fielding M113 vehicles. (2) An analysis of the manner in which the Army plans to address M113 vehicle surviv-ability and maneuverability concerns. (3) An analysis of the historical costs associ-ated with upgrading M113 vehicles, and a vali-dation of current cost estimates for upgrading such vehicles. (4) A comparison of total procurement and life cycle costs of adding an echelon above brigade (EAB) requirement to the Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle (AMPV) with total procurement and life cycle costs of upgrading legacy M113 vehicles. (5) An analysis of the possibility of further ac-celerating Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle produc-tion or modifying the current fielding strategy for the Army Multi-Purpose Vehicle to meet near-term echelon above brigade requirements. TITLE LII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 5201. REAUTHORIZATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ESTABLISHED PRO-GRAM TO STIMULATE COMPETITIVE RESEARCH. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PROGRAM OBJECTIVES .— Subsection (b) of section 257 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (2) by inserting before paragraph (2), as redes-ignated by paragraph (1), the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) To increase the number of university re-searchers in eligible States capable of per-forming science and engineering research re-sponsive to the needs of the Department of De-fense.’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), as redesignated by para-graph (1), by inserting ‘‘relevant to the mission of the Department of Defense and’’ after ‘‘that is’’. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF PROGRAM ACTIVITIES .— Subsection (c) of such section is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) To provide assistance to science and engi-neering researchers at institutions of higher education in eligible States through collabora-tion between Department of Defense laboratories and such researchers.’’. (c) MODIFICATION OF ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA  
FOR STATE PARTICIPATION .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(B), by inserting ‘‘in areas relevant to the mission of the Department of De-fense’’ after ‘‘programs’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The Under Secretary shall not remove a designation of a State under paragraph (2) be-cause the State exceeds the funding levels speci-fied under subparagraph (A) of such paragraph unless the State has exceeded such funding lev-els for at least two consecutive years.’’. (d) M
ODIFICATION OF NAME.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Such section is amended— (A) in subsections (a) and (e) by striking ‘‘Ex-perimental’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Established’’; and (B) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
EXPER -
IMENTAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘ ESTABLISHED ’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—Such Act is amended, in the table of contents in section 2(b), by striking the item relating to section 257 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 257. Defense established program to stim-ulate competitive research.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 307 of the 1997 Emergency Supplemental Appropria-tions Act for Recovery from Natural Disasters, and for Overseas Peacekeeping Efforts, Includ-ing Those in Bosnia (Public Law 105–18) is amended by striking ‘‘Experimental’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Established’’. 
SEC. 5202. PILOT PROGRAM TO IMPROVE INCEN-TIVES FOR TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER FROM DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to assess the fea-sibility and advisability of distributing royalties and other payments as described in this section. Under the pilot program, except as provided in subsections (b) and (d), any royalties or other payments received by a Federal agency from the licensing and assignment of inventions under agreements entered into by Department of De-fense laboratories, and from the licensing of in-ventions of Department of Defense laboratories, shall be retained by the laboratory which pro-duced the invention and shall be disposed of as follows: (1)(A) The laboratory director shall pay each year the first $2,000, and thereafter at least 20 percent, of the royalties or other payments, other than payments of patent costs as delin-eated by a license or assignment agreement, to the inventor or coinventors, if the inventor’s or coinventor’s rights are directly assigned to the United States. (B) A laboratory director may provide appro-priate incentives, from royalties or other pay-ments, to laboratory employees who are not an inventor of such inventions but who substan-tially increased the technical value of the inven-tions. (C) The laboratory shall retain the royalties and other payments received from an invention until the laboratory makes payments to employ-ees of a laboratory under subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The balance of the royalties or other pay-ments shall be transferred by the agency to its laboratories, with the majority share of the roy-alties or other payments from any invention going to the laboratory where the invention oc-curred. The royalties or other payments so transferred to any laboratory may be used or ob-ligated by that laboratory during the fiscal year in which they are received or during the 2 suc-ceeding fiscal years— (A) to reward scientific, engineering, and technical employees of the laboratory, including developers of sensitive or classified technology, regardless of whether the technology has com-mercial applications; (B) to further scientific exchange among the laboratories of the agency; (C) for education and training of employees consistent with the research and development missions and objectives of the agency or labora-tory, and for other activities that increase the potential for transfer of the technology of the laboratories of the agency; (D) for payment of expenses incidental to the administration and licensing of intellectual property by the agency or laboratory with re-spect to inventions made at that laboratory, in-cluding the fees or other costs for the services of other agencies, persons, or organizations for in-tellectual property management and licensing services; or (E) for scientific research and development consistent with the research and development missions and objectives of the laboratory. (3) All royalties or other payments retained by the laboratory after payments have been made pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) that are un-obligated and unexpended at the end of the sec-ond fiscal year succeeding the fiscal year in which the royalties and other payments were re-ceived shall be paid into the Treasury of the United States. (b) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS TO EMPLOY -
EES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Any payment made to an employee under the pilot program shall be in ad-dition to the regular pay of the employee and to any other awards made to the employee, and shall not affect the entitlement of the employee to any regular pay, annuity, or award to which the employee is otherwise entitled or for which the employee is otherwise eligible or limit the amount thereof. Any payment made to an in-ventor as such shall continue after the inventor leaves the laboratory. (2) C
UMULATIVE PAYMENTS .—(A) Cumulative payments made under the pilot program while the inventor is still employed at the laboratory shall not exceed $500,000 per year to any one person, unless the Secretary concerned (as de-fined in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code) approves a larger award. (B) Cumulative payments made under the pilot program after the inventor leaves the lab-oratory shall not exceed $150,000 per year to any one person, unless the head of the agency ap-proves a larger award (with the excess over $150,000 being treated as an agency award to a former employee under section 4505 of title 5, United States Code). (c) I
NVENTION MANAGEMENT SERVICES .—Under the pilot program, a laboratory receiving royal-ties or other payments as a result of invention management services performed for another Fed-eral agency or laboratory under section 207 of title 35, United States Code, may retain such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6061 September 25, 2017 
royalties or payments to the extent required to offset payments to inventors under subpara-graph (A) of subsection (a)(1), costs and ex-penses incurred under subparagraph (D) of sub-section (a)(2), and the cost of foreign patenting and maintenance for any invention of the other agency. All royalties and other payments re-maining after offsetting the payments to inven-tors, costs, and expenses described in the pre-ceding sentence shall be transferred to the agen-cy for which the services were performed, for distribution in accordance with subsection (a)(2). (d) C
ERTAIN ASSIGNMENTS .—Under the pilot program, if the invention involved was one as-signed to the laboratory— (1) by a contractor, grantee, or participant, or an employee of a contractor, grantee, or partici-pant, in an agreement or other arrangement with the agency; or (2) by an employee of the agency who was not working in the laboratory at the time the inven-tion was made, the agency unit that was involved in such as-signment shall be considered to be a laboratory for purposes of this section. (e) S
UNSET .—The pilot program under this sec-tion shall terminate 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE LIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 5301. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTAL-LATION ACCESS CONTROL INITIA-TIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating Department of Defense instal-lation access control initiatives. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) An assessment of Department of Defense requirements for managing access to military in-stallations and the extent to which the Depart-ment has taken an enterprise-wide approach to developing those requirements and identifying capability gaps. (2) A description of capabilities (processes and systems) that are in place at military installa-tions that currently meet these requirements. (3) A summary of which options, including business process reengineering, the development or acquisition of business systems, and the ac-quisition of commercial solutions, are being are being pursued to close those gaps. (4) A description of how the Department of Defense is assessing which options to pursue in terms of cost, schedule, and potential perform-ance and to what extent the Department’s as-sessments follow directives under the Federal Acquisition Regulation and Defense Supplement to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to con-sider commercial products and services. 
SEC. 5302. COMPREHENSIVE PLAN FOR SHARING DEPOT-LEVEL MAINTENANCE BEST PRACTICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a comprehensive plan for the sharing of best practices for depot-level maintenance among the military services. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The comprehensive plan re-quired under subsection (a) shall cover the shar-ing of best practices with regard to— (1) programing and scheduling; (2) core capability requirements; (3) workload; (4) personnel management, development, and sustainment; (5) induction, duration, efficiency, and com-pletion metrics; (6) parts, supply, tool, and equipment man-agement; (7) capital investment and manufacturing and production capability; and (8) inspection and quality control. SEC. 5303. FACILITIES DEMOLITION PLAN OF THE ARMY. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a facilities demolition plan of the Army that does the following: (1) Takes into account the impact of a con-taminated facility on mission readiness, and na-tional security generally, in establishing prior-ities for the demolition of facilities. (2) Sets forth a multi-year plan for the demoli-tion of Army facilities, including contaminated facilities given afforded a priority for demolition pursuant to paragraph (1). TITLE LV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
SEC. 5501. CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS OF EMPLOYEES OF THE MILITARY CHILD CARE SYSTEM AND PRO-VIDERS OF CHILD CARE SERVICES AND YOUTH PROGRAM SERVICES FOR MILITARY DEPENDENTS. 
(a) E MPLOYEES OF MILITARY CHILD CARESYS-
TEM.—Section 1792 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) C
RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—The criminal background check of child care employ-ees under this section that is required pursuant to section 231 of the Crime Control Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 13041) shall be conducted pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of De-fense in accordance with the provisions of sec-tion 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f).’’. (b) P
ROVIDERS OF CHILD CARESERVICES AND  Y
OUTH PROGRAM SERVICES .—Section 1798 of such title is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as sub-section (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) C
RIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK .—A pro- vider of child care services or youth program services may not provide such services under this section unless such provider complies with the requirements for criminal background checks under section 658H of the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 9858f) for the State in which such services are provided.’’. 
SEC. 5502. REVIEW OF TAP FOR WOMEN. 
The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a com-prehensive review of the Transition Assistance Program to ensure that it addresses the unique challenges and needs of women as they transfer from the Armed Forces to civilian life. 
SEC. 5503. ANNUAL REPORT ON PARTICIPATION IN THE TRANSITION ASSISTANCE PROGRAM FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) A
NNUAL REPORT .—(1) Not later than Feb-ruary 28 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the partici-pation of members of the armed forces in the program under this section during the preceding year. ‘‘(2) Each report under this subsection shall set forth, for the year covered by such report, the following: ‘‘(A) The number of members who were eligible for participation in the program, in aggregate and by component of the armed forces. ‘‘(B) The number of members who participated in the program, in aggregate and by component of the armed forces, for each of the following: ‘‘(i) Preseparation counseling provided by the Department of Defense. ‘‘(ii) Briefings provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(iii) Employment workshops provided by the Department of Labor. ‘‘(C) The number of members who did not par-ticipate in the program due to a waiver of the participation requirement under subsection (c)(2) for each service set forth in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(3) Each report under this subsection may also include such recommendations for legisla-tive or administrative action as the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, considers appropriate to increase participation of members of the armed forces in each service set forth in paragraph (2)(B).’’. SEC. 5504. MODIFICATION OF DEADLINE FOR SUB-MITTAL BY OFFICERS OF WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS TO PROMOTION SELECTION BOARDS ON MATTERS OF IMPORTANCE TO THEIR SELEC-TION. 
(a) O FFICERS ON ACTIVE -DUTY LIST.—Section 614(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the day’’ and inserting ‘‘10 cal-endar days’’. (b) O
FFICERS IN RESERVE ACTIVE -STATUS .— Section 14106 of such title is amended in the sec-ond sentence by striking ‘‘the day’’ and insert-ing ‘‘10 calendar days’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotion selection boards convened on or after that date. 
SEC. 5505. STANDARDIZATION OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH REPEAL OF STATUTORY SPECIFICATION OF GEN-ERAL OFFICER GRADE FOR THE DEAN OF THE ACADEMIC BOARD OF THE UNITED STATES MILITARY ACADEMY AND THE DEAN OF THE FACULTY OF THE UNITED STATES AIR FORCE ACADEMY. 
(a) D EAN OF ACADEMIC BOARD OF USMA.— Section 4335(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the first and third sentences; and (2) in the remaining sentence, by striking ‘‘so appointed’’ and inserting ‘‘appointed as Dean of the Academic Board’’. (b) D
EAN OF FACULTY OF USAFA.—Section 9335(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘so appointed’’ and inserting ‘‘appointed as Dean of the Faculty’’. 
SEC. 5506. CIVILIAN TRAINING FOR NATIONAL GUARD PILOTS AND SENSOR OPER-ATOR AIRCREWS OF MQ–9 UN-MANNED AERIAL VEHICLES. 
(a) C ONTRACTS FOR TRAINING .—Subject to sub-section (c), the Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau may enter into one or more contracts with appropriate civilian entities in order to provide flying or operating training for National Guard pilots and sensor operator aircrew members in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle if the Chief of the National Guard Bureau determines that— (1) Air Force training units lack sufficient ca-pacity to train such pilots or sensor operator aircrew members for initial qualification in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle; (2) pilots or sensor operator aircrew members of Air National Guard units require continu-ation training in order to remain current and qualified in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle; (3) non-combat continuation training in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle is necessary for such pilots or sensor operator aircrew members to achieve required levels of flying or operating proficiency; or (4) such training for such pilots or sensor op-erator aircrew members is necessary in order to meet requirements for the National Guard to provide pilots and sensor operator aircrew mem-bers qualified in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial ve-hicle for operations on active duty and in State status. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6062 September 25, 2017 
(b) N ATURE OF TRAINING UNDER CONTRACTS .— Any training provided pursuant to a contract under subsection (a) shall incorporate a level of instruction that is equivalent to the instruction in the MQ–9 unmanned aerial vehicle provided to pilots and sensor operator aircrew members at Air Force training units. (c) A
UTHORITY CONTINGENT ON CERTIFI -
CATION .—The Chief of the National Guard Bu-reau may not use the authority in subsection (a) unless and until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees in writing that the use of the authority is nec-essary to provide required flying or operating training for National Guard pilots and sensor operator aircrew members in the MQ–9 un-manned aerial vehicle. 
SEC. 5507. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF THE MEDAL OF HONOR TO GARLIN M. CONNER FOR ACTS OF VALOR DUR-ING WORLD WAR II. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIMELIMITATIONS .—Notwith- standing the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the President may award the Medal of Honor under section 3741 of such title to Garlin M. Conner for the acts of valor during World War II described in subsection (b). (b) A
CTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the ac-tions of Garlin M. Conner during combat on January 24, 1945, as a member of the United States Army in the grade of First Lieutenant in France while serving with Company K, 3d Bat-talion, 7th Infantry Regiment, 3d Infantry Divi-sion, for which he was previously awarded the Distinguished Service Cross. 
SEC. 5508. EDUCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES FOR MILITARY CHILDREN IN SCIENCE, TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING, AND MATHEMATICS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States military is keenly aware of the need to support the families of those who serve our country. (2) Military children face unique challenges in educational achievement due to frequent changes of station by, deployments by, and even injuries to their parents. (3) Investing in quality education opportuni-ties for all military children from cradle to ca-reer ensures parents are able to stay focused on the mission, and children are able to benefit from consistent relationships with caring teach-ers who support their early learning so they can be ready to excel in school. (4) Research shows that early math is at least as predictive of later school success as early lit-eracy. (5) Investing in early learning for military children is an important element in a com-prehensive strategy for ensuring a smart, skilled, and committed future national security workforce. (6) To strengthen the global standing and military might of the United States, technology, and innovation, the Nation must continuously look for ways to strengthen early education of children in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall issue guidance to the Armed Forces in order to ensure the following: (1) The placement of a priority on supporting early learning in science, technology, engineer-ing, and mathematics for children, including those at Department of Defense schools and schools serving large military child populations. (2) Support for efforts to ensure that training and curriculum specialists, teachers and other caregivers, and staff serving military children have the training and skills necessary to imple-ment instruction in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics that provides the nec-essary foundation for future learning and edu-cational achievement in such areas. (c) REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (1) A description and assessment of the progress made in improving educational oppor-tunities and achievement for military children in science, technology, engineering, and mathe-matics. (2) A description and assessment of efforts to implement the guidance issued under subsection (b). TITLE LLVI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
SEC. 5601. REPORT ON USE OF SECOND-DESTINA-TION TRANSPORTATION TO TRANS-PORT FRESH FRUIT AND VEGETA-BLES TO COMMISSARIES IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—In accordance with the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) and rec-ommendations in the report of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense dated February 28, 2017, regarding Pacific Fresh Fruits and Vegetables (FFV), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the costs of using second- destination transportation (SDT) to transport fresh fruit and vegetables to commissaries in Asia and the Pacific in each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017. (2) Recommendations for innovative, locally- sourced alternatives to use of second-destination transportation in order to supply fresh fruit and vegetables to commissaries in Asia and the Pa-cific. (b) S
UBMITTAL DATE.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 5602. REPORT ON MANAGEMENT OF MILI-TARY COMMISSARIES AND EX-CHANGES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report regarding management practices of military commissaries and exchanges. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under this section shall include a cost-benefit analysis with the goals of— (1) reducing the costs of operating military commissaries and exchanges by $2,000,000,000 during fiscal years 2018 through 2022; and (2) not raising costs for patrons of military commissaries and exchanges. TITLE LVII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 5701. STUDY ON SAFE OPIOID PRESCRIBING PRACTICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study on the effectiveness of the training provided to health care providers of the Department of Defense regarding opioid pre-scribing practices, initiatives in opioid safety, the use of the VA/DOD Clinical Practice Guide-line for Management of Opioid Therapy for Chronic Pain, and other related training. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall address the effectiveness of training with respect to the following: (1) Identifying and treating individuals with chronic pain. (2) Prescribing opioid analgesics, including— (A) reducing average dosages; (B) reducing average number of dosages; (C) reducing initial and average durations of opioid analgesic therapy; (D) reducing dose escalation when opioid an-algesic therapy has resulted in adequate pain reduction; and (E) reducing the average number of prescrip-tion opioid analgesics dispensed by the Depart-ment of Defense. (3) Reducing the number of overdoses due to prescription opioids for patients with acute pain and patients undergoing opioid therapy for chronic pain. (4) Developing validated opioid dependence screening tools for health care providers of the Department. (5) Communicating to health care providers of the Department changes in policies of the De-partment regarding opioid safety and pre-scribing practices. (6) Providing education on the risks of opioid medications to individuals for whom such medi-cations are prescribed and to their families, with special consideration given to raising awareness among adolescents on such risks. (7) Providing counseling and referrals for, and expanding access to, treatment alternatives to opioid analgesics. (8) Developing and implementing a physician advisory committee of the Department relating to education programs for prescribers of opioid analgesics. (9) Developing methods to incentivize health care providers of the Department to use physical therapy or alternative methods to treat acute or chronic pain. (10) Developing curricula on pain manage-ment and safe opioid analgesic prescribing that incorporates opioid analgesic prescribing guide-lines issued by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives a briefing on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5702. SPECIFICATION THAT INDIVIDUALS UNDER THE AGE OF 21 ARE ELIGIBLE FOR HOSPICE CARE SERVICES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 705 shall have no further force or effect. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Section 1079(a)(15) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, ex-cept that hospice care may be provided to an in-dividual under the age of 21 concurrently with health care services or hospitalization for the same condition.’’. 
SEC. 5703. REGULAR UPDATE OF PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICING STANDARD UNDER TRICARE RETAIL PHARMACY PRO-GRAM. 
Section 1074g(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new paragraph: ‘‘(3) With respect to the TRICARE retail phar-macy program described in subsection (a)(2)(E)(ii), the Secretary shall ensure that a contract entered into with a TRICARE phar-macy program contractor includes requirements described in section 1860D–12(b)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–112(b)(6)) to en-sure the provision of information regarding the pricing standard for prescription drugs.’’. 
SEC. 5704. LONGITUDINAL MEDICAL STUDY ON BLAST PRESSURE EXPOSURE OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a longitudinal medical study on blast pressure exposure of members of the Armed Forces during combat and training, including members who train with high overpressure weapons, such as anti-tank recoilless rifles and heavy-caliber sniper rifles. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required under sub-section (a) shall— (1) monitor, record, and analyze data on blast pressure exposure for any member of the Armed Forces who is likely to be exposed to a blast in training or combat; (2) assess the feasibility and advisability of in-cluding blast exposure history as part of the service record of a member, as a blast exposure log, in order to ensure that, if medical issues arise later, the member receives care for any service-connected injuries; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6063 September 25, 2017 
(3) review the safety precautions surrounding heavy weapons training to account for emerging research on blast exposure and the effects on of such exposure on cognitive performance of mem-bers of the Armed Forces. (c) R
EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 5705. AUTHORIZATION OF PHYSICAL THERA-PIST ASSISTANTS AND OCCUPA-TIONAL THERAPY ASSISTANTS TO PROVIDE SERVICES UNDER THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) A DDITION TO LIST OF AUTHORIZED PROFES -
SIONAL PROVIDERS OF CARE.—The Secretary of Defense shall revise section 199.6(c) of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, to add to the list of individual professional providers of care who are authorized to provide services to bene-ficiaries under the TRICARE program, as de-fined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code, the following types of health care practi-tioners: (1) Licensed or certified physical therapist as-sistants who meet the qualifications for physical therapist assistants specified in section 484.4 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, to furnish services under the supervision of a physical therapist. (2) Licensed or certified occupational therapy assistants who meet the qualifications for occu-pational therapy assistants specified in such section 484.4, or any successor regulation, to furnish services under the supervision of an oc-cupational therapist. (b) S
UPERVISION .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish in regulations requirements for the supervision of physical therapist assistants and occupational therapy assistants, respec-tively, by physical therapists and occupational therapists, respectively. (c) M
ANUALS AND OTHER GUIDANCE .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall update the CHAMPVA Policy Manual and other relevant manuals and subregulatory guidance of the Department of Defense to carry out the revisions and require-ments of this section. TITLE LIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 5901. DESIGNATION OF OFFICE WITHIN OF-FICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DE-FENSE TO OVERSEE USE OF FOOD ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS BY MEM-BERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON AC-TIVE DUTY. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate an office or official within the Office of the Secretary of Defense for purposes as follows: (1) To discharge responsibility for overseeing the efforts of the Department of Defense to col-lect, analyze, and monitor data on the use of food assistance programs by members of the Armed Forces on active duty. (2) To establish and maintain relationships with other departments and agencies of the Fed-eral Government to facilitate the discharge of the responsibility specified in paragraph (1). TITLE LX—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 6001. AIR FORCE PILOT PROGRAM ON EDU-CATION AND TRAINING AND CER-TIFICATION OF SECONDARY AND POST-SECONDARY STUDENTS AS AIRCRAFT TECHNICIANS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall carry out a pilot program to assess the feasability and advisability of— (A) providing education and training to sec-ondary and post-secondary students in the skills and qualifications required to lead to certifi-cation as an aircraft technician for the Air Force with skills levels 3–5; and (B) certifying individuals who successfully complete education and training under the pilot program as aircraft technicians for the Air Force at the applicable skill level. (2) DESIGNATION .—The pilot program carried out pursuant to this section may be known as the ‘‘Air Force Dual Credit Maintainers Pro-gram’’ (in this section, referred to as the ‘‘pilot program’’). (b) E
LIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS .—Individuals eligi-ble to participate in the pilot program are indi-viduals in secondary or post-secondary school who— (1) have education, skills, or both appropriate for further education and training leading to certification as an aircraft technician of the Air Force; and (2) seek to pursue education and training under the pilot program in order to become cer-tified as aircraft technicians of the Air Force. (c) S
ECONDARY SCHOOLS AND INSTITUTIONS OF  H
IGHER EDUCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program through secondary schools and institutions of higher education selected by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program. (2) L
OCATIONS .—The secondary schools and institutions of higher education selected pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall, to the extent prac-ticable, be located in the vicinity of installations of the Air Force at which there is, or is antici-pated to be, a shortfall in aircraft technicians with skill levels 3–5. (3) C
OORDINATION .—The pilot program may be carried out at a secondary school only with the approval of the local educational agency con-cerned. The pilot program may be carried out at an institution of higher education only with the approval of the board of trustees or other appro-priate leadership of the institution. (4) G
RANTS .—In carrying out the pilot pro-gram, the Secretary may award a grant to any secondary school or institution of higher edu-cation participating in the pilot program for purposes of providing education and training under the pilot program. (d) C
URRICULUM AND ASSOCIATED EQUIP-
MENT .—In carrying out the pilot program, the Secretary shall support curriculum development by secondary and post-secondary educational institutions, and any associated training equip-ment, to be used in providing education and training under the pilot program. (e) E
MPLOYMENT AS AIRFORCE AIRCRAFT  T
ECHNICIANS .—As part of the pilot program, the Secretary may employ, and may afford an em-phasis on employment, in the Department of the Air Force as aircraft technicians of the Air Force any individuals who obtain certification under the pilot program as aircraft technicians of the Air Force. (f) S
UNSET .—The authority of the Secretary to carry out the pilot program shall expire on the date that is five years after the date of the en-actment of this Act. Expiration of the authority to carry out the pilot program shall not be con-strued to require the termination of any edu-cation or training, or the provision of any cer-tifications, for individuals participating in edu-cation or training under the pilot program on the date of the expiration of authority to carry out the pilot program. (g) F
UNDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for the Depart-ment of Defense by this division is hereby in-creased by $5,000,000, with the amount of the in-crease to be available for the pilot program, in-cluding for the award of grants pursuant to subsection (c)(4) and for support of the develop-ment of curriculum and training equipment pur-suant to subsection (d). (2) O
FFSET .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 301 is hereby reduced by $5,000,000, with the amount of the reduction to be applied against amounts available for operation and maintenance, De-fense-wide, for SAG 4GTV Office of the Inspec-tor General. SEC. 6002. COLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION AND DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE ON UN-MANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) C OLLABORATION BETWEEN FEDERAL AVIA-
TION ADMINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-
FENSE REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and the Sec-retary of Defense shall collaborate on devel-oping standards, policies, and procedures for sense and avoid capabilities for unmanned air-craft systems. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The collaboration required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Sharing information and technology on safely integrating unmanned aircraft systems and manned aircraft in the national airspace system. (B) Building upon the experience of the Air Force and the Department of Defense to inform the Federal Aviation Administration’s develop-ment of civil standards, policies, and procedures for integrating unmanned aircraft systems in the national airspace system. (C) Assisting in the development of best prac-tices for unmanned aircraft safety standards, development of airborne and ground-based sense and avoid capabilities for unmanned aircraft systems, and research and development on un-manned aircraft systems, especially with respect to matters involving human factors, information assurance, and security. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AVIATION AD-
MINISTRATION IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AC-
TIVITIES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator may par-ticipate and provide assistance for participation in test and evaluation efforts of the Department of Defense, including the Air Force, relating to ground-based sense and avoid and airborne sense and avoid capabilities for unmanned air-craft systems. (2) P
ARTICIPATION THROUGH CENTERS OF EX -
CELLENCE AND TEST SITES .—Participation under paragraph (1) may include provision of assist-ance through the Center of Excellence for Un-manned Aircraft Systems and unmanned air-craft systems test ranges designated under sec-tion 332(c) of the FAA Modernization and Re-form Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (c) U
NMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ has the meaning given that term in sec-tion 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
SEC. 6003. REPORT ON DEFENSE OF COMBAT LO-GISTICS AND STRATEGIC MOBILITY FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than Janu-ary 1, 2018, the Secretary of the Navy shall sub-mit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a re-port on the defense of combat logistics and stra-tegic mobility forces. (b) C
OVERED PERIODS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall cover two periods: (1) The period from 2018 through 2025. (2) The period from 2026 through 2035. (c) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, for each of the periods covered by the report, the following: (1) A description of potential warfighting planning scenarios in which combat logistics and strategic mobility forces will be threatened, including the most stressing such scenario. (2) A description of the combat logistics and strategic mobility forces capacity, including ad-ditional combat logistics and strategic mobility forces, that may be required due to losses from attacks under each scenario described pursuant to paragraph (1). (3) A description of the projected capability and capacity of subsurface (e.g., torpedoes), surface (e.g., anti-ship missiles), and air (e.g., anti-ship missiles) threats to combat logistics 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6064 September 25, 2017 
and strategic mobility forces for each scenario described pursuant to paragraph (1). (4) A description of planned operating con-cepts for defending combat logistics and stra-tegic mobility forces from subsurface, surface, and air threats for each scenario described pur-suant to paragraph (1). (5) An assessment of the ability and avail-ability of United States naval forces to defend combat logistics and strategic mobility forces from the threats described pursuant to para-graph (1), while also accomplishing other as-signed missions, for each scenario described pur-suant to that paragraph. (6) A description of specific capability gaps or risk areas in the ability or availability of United States naval forces to defend combat logistics and strategic mobility forces from the threats de-scribed pursuant to paragraph (1). (7) A description and assessment of potential solutions to address the capability gaps and risk areas identified pursuant to paragraph (6), in-cluding new capabilities, increased capacity, or new operating concepts that could be employed by United States naval forces. (d) F
ORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (e) C
OMBAT LOGISTICS AND STRATEGIC MOBIL-
ITYFORCES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘combat logistics and strategic mobility forces’’ means the combat logistics force, the Ready Re-serve Force, and the Military Sealift Command surge fleet. 
SEC. 6004. REPORT ON THE CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING THE 2016 ATTACKS ON THE U.S.S. MASON. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the circumstances surrounding the attacks in 2016 on the U.S.S. Mason (DDG–87). 
SEC. 6005. OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REAU-THORIZATION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Office of Special Counsel Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2017’’. (b) A
DEQUATE ACCESS OF SPECIAL COUNSEL TO  I
NFORMATION .—Section 1212(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Special Counsel, in carrying out this subchapter, is authorized to— ‘‘(i) have timely access to all records, data, re-ports, audits, reviews, documents, papers, rec-ommendations, or other material available to the applicable agency that relate to an investiga-tion, review, or inquiry conducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38; ‘‘(ii) request from any agency the information or assistance that may be necessary for the Spe-cial Counsel to carry out the duties and respon-sibilities of the Special Counsel under this sub-chapter; and ‘‘(iii) require, during an investigation, review, or inquiry of an agency, the agency to provide to the Special Counsel any record or other infor-mation that relates to an investigation, review, or inquiry conducted under— ‘‘(I) section 1213, 1214, 1215, or 1216 of this title; or ‘‘(II) section 4324(a) of title 38. ‘‘(B)(i) The authorization of the Special Counsel under subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to any entity that is an ele-ment of the intelligence community, as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003), unless the Special Counsel is investigating, or otherwise carrying out activi-ties relating to the enforcement of, an action under subchapter III of chapter 73. ‘‘(ii) An Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in sub-paragraph (A) if the Inspector General deter-mines that the material contains information de-rived from, or pertaining to, intelligence activi-ties. ‘‘(iii) The Attorney General or an Inspector General may withhold from the Special Counsel material described in subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I)(aa) disclosing the material could reason-ably be expected to interfere with a criminal in-vestigation or prosecution that is ongoing as of the date on which the Special Counsel submits a request for the material; or ‘‘(bb) the material— ‘‘(AA) may not be disclosed pursuant to a court order; or ‘‘(BB) has been filed under seal under section 3730 of title 31; and ‘‘(II) the Attorney General or the Inspector General, as applicable, submits to the Special Counsel a written report that describes— ‘‘(aa) the material being withheld; and ‘‘(bb) the reason that the material is being withheld. ‘‘(C)(i) A claim of common law privilege by an agency, or an officer or employee of an agency, shall not prevent the Special Counsel from ob-taining any material described in subparagraph (A)(i) with respect to the agency. ‘‘(ii) The submission of material described in subparagraph (A)(i) by an agency to the Special Counsel may not be deemed to waive any asser-tion of privilege by the agency against a non- Federal entity or against an individual in any other proceeding. ‘‘(iii) With respect to any record or other in-formation made available to the Special Counsel by an agency under subparagraph (A), the Spe-cial Counsel may only disclose the record or in-formation for a purpose that is in furtherance of any authority provided to the Special Counsel under this subchapter. ‘‘(6) The Special Counsel shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and each committee of Con-gress with jurisdiction over the applicable agen-cy a report regarding any case of contumacy or failure to comply with a request submitted by the Special Counsel under paragraph (5)(A).’’. (c) INFORMATION ON WHISTLEBLOWER PROTEC -
TIONS .— (1) A
GENCY RESPONSIBILITIES .—Section 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by strik-ing subsection (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(c)(1) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘new employee’ means an indi-vidual— ‘‘(i) appointed to a position as an employee on or after the date of enactment of the Office of Special Counsel Reauthorization Act of 2017; and ‘‘(ii) who has not previously served as an em-ployee; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘whistleblower protections’ means the protections against and remedies for a prohibited personnel practice described in paragraph (8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of paragraph (9) of subsection (b). ‘‘(2) The head of each agency shall be respon-sible for— ‘‘(A) preventing prohibited personnel prac-tices; ‘‘(B) complying with and enforcing applicable civil service laws, rules, and regulations and other aspects of personnel management; and ‘‘(C) ensuring, in consultation with the Spe-cial Counsel and the Inspector General of the agency, that employees of the agency are in-formed of the rights and remedies available to the employees under this chapter and chapter 12, including— ‘‘(i) information with respect to whistleblower protections available to new employees during a probationary period; ‘‘(ii) the role of the Office of Special Counsel and the Merit Systems Protection Board with re-spect to whistleblower protections; and ‘‘(iii) the means by which, with respect to in-formation that is otherwise required by law or Executive order to be kept classified in the inter-est of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs, an employee may make a lawful disclo-sure of the information to— ‘‘(I) the Special Counsel; ‘‘(II) the Inspector General of an agency; ‘‘(III) Congress; or ‘‘(IV) another employee of the agency who is designated to receive such a disclosure. ‘‘(3) The head of each agency shall ensure that the information described in paragraph (2) is provided to each new employee of the agency not later than 180 days after the date on which the new employee is appointed. ‘‘(4) The head of each agency shall make available information regarding whistleblower protections applicable to employees of the agen-cy on the public website of the agency and on any online portal that is made available only to employees of the agency, if such portal exists. ‘‘(5) Any employee to whom the head of an agency delegates authority for any aspect of personnel management shall, within the limits of the scope of the delegation, be responsible for the activities described in paragraph (2).’’. (2) TRAINING FOR SUPERVISORS .— (A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph— (i) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered under para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (ii) the term ‘‘whistleblower protections’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(c)(1)(B) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1). (B) T
RAINING REQUIRED .—The head of each agency, in consultation with the Special Coun-sel and the Inspector General of that agency (or, in the case of an agency that does not have an Inspector General, the senior ethics official of that agency), shall provide the training de-scribed in subparagraph (C). (C) T
RAINING DESCRIBED .—The training de-scribed in this subparagraph shall— (i) cover the manner in which the agency shall respond to a complaint alleging a violation of whistleblower protections that are available to employees of the agency; and (ii) be provided— (I) to each employee of the agency who— (aa) is appointed to a supervisory position in the agency; and (bb) before the appointment described in item (aa), had not served in a supervisory position in the agency; and (II) on an annual basis to all employees of the agency who serve in supervisory positions in the agency. (3) I
NFORMATION ON APPEAL RIGHTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Any notice provided to an employee under section 7503(b)(1), section 7513(b)(1), or section 7543(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, shall include detailed information with respect to— (i) the right of the employee to appeal an ac-tion brought under the applicable section; (ii) the forums in which the employee may file an appeal described in clause (i); and (iii) any limitations on the rights of the em-ployee that would apply because of the forum in which the employee decides to file an appeal. (B) D
EVELOPMENT OF INFORMATION .—The in- formation described in subparagraph (A) shall be developed by the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, in consultation with the Special Counsel, the Merit Systems Protec-tion Board, and the Equal Employment Oppor-tunity Commission. (d) A
DDITIONAL WHISTLEBLOWER PROVI-
SIONS .— (1) P
ROHIBITED PERSONNEL PRACTICES .—Sec- tion 2302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (9)(C), by inserting ‘‘(or any other component responsible for internal inves-tigation or review)’’ after ‘‘Inspector General’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 07:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6065 September 25, 2017 
(ii) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (iii) in paragraph (13), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iv) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(14) access the medical record of another em-ployee or an applicant for employment as a part of, or otherwise in furtherance of, any conduct described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’; and (B) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G); and (III) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) the disclosure was made before the date on which the individual was appointed or ap-plied for appointment to a position; or’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) If a disclosure is made during the normal course of duties of an employee, the principal job function of whom is to regularly investigate and disclose wrongdoing (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘disclosing employee’), the dis-closure shall not be excluded from subsection (b)(8) if the disclosing employee demonstrates that an employee who has the authority to take, direct other individuals to take, recommend, or approve any personnel action with respect to the disclosing employee took, failed to take, or threatened to take or fail to take a personnel ac-tion with respect to the disclosing employee in reprisal for the disclosure made by the disclosing employee.’’. (2) E
XPLANATIONS FOR FAILURE TO TAKE AC -
TION.—Section 1213 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘15 days’’ and inserting ‘‘45 days’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Any such re-port’’ and inserting ‘‘Any report required under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this sub-section’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Upon receipt of any report that the head of an agency is required to submit under sub-section (c), the Special Counsel shall review the report and determine whether— ‘‘(A) the findings of the head of the agency appear reasonable; and ‘‘(B) if the Special Counsel requires the head of the agency to submit a supplemental report under paragraph (5), the reports submitted by the head of the agency collectively contain the information required under subsection (d).’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘agency re-port received pursuant to subsection (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘report submitted to the Special Counsel by the head of an agency under subsection (c) or paragraph (5) of this sub-section’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) If, after conducting a review of a report under paragraph (2), the Special Counsel con-cludes that the Special Counsel requires addi-tional information or documentation to deter-mine whether the report submitted by the head of an agency is reasonable and sufficient, the Special Counsel may request that the head of the agency submit a supplemental report— ‘‘(A) containing the additional information or documentation identified by the Special Coun-sel; and ‘‘(B) that the head of the agency shall submit to the Special Counsel within a period of time specified by the Special Counsel.’’. (3) T
RANSFER REQUESTS DURING STAYS .— (A) P
RIORITY GRANTED .—Section 1214(b)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(E) If the Board grants a stay under sub-paragraph (A), the head of the agency employ-ing the employee who is the subject of the action shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (B) PROBATIONARY EMPLOYEES .—Section 1221 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) If the Board grants a stay under sub-section (c) and the employee who is the subject of the action is in probationary status, the head of the agency employing the employee shall give priority to a request for a transfer submitted by the employee.’’. (4) R
ETALIATORY INVESTIGATIONS .—Section 1214 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel may petition the Board to order corrective action, including fees, costs, or damages reasonably incurred by an em-ployee due to an investigation of the employee by an agency, if the investigation by an agency was commenced, expanded, or extended in retal-iation for a disclosure or protected activity de-scribed in section 2302(b)(8) or subparagraph (A)(i), (B), (C), or (D) of section 2302(b)(9), without regard to whether a personnel action, as defined in section 2302(a)(2)(A), is taken.’’. (e) S
UICIDE BY EMPLOYEES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘agency’’ means any entity the employees of which are covered under para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b) of title 5, United States Code, without regard to whether any other provision of that title is applicable to the entity; and (B) the term ‘‘personnel action’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(2)(A) of title 5, United States Code. (2) R
EFERRAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The head of an agency shall refer to the Special Counsel, along with any in-formation known to the agency regarding the circumstances described in subparagraph (B), any instance in which the head of the agency has information indicating that an employee of the agency committed suicide. (B) I
NFORMATION .—The circumstances de-scribed in this subparagraph are as follows: (i) Before the death of an employee described in subparagraph (A), the employee made a dis-closure of information that reasonably evi-dences— (I) a violation of a law, rule, or regulation; (II) gross mismanagement; (III) a gross waste of funds; (IV) an abuse of authority; or (V) a substantial and specific danger to public health or safety. (ii) After a disclosure described in clause (i), a personnel action was taken with respect to the employee who made the disclosure. (3) O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL REVIEW .— Upon receiving a referral under paragraph (2)(A), the Special Counsel shall— (A) examine whether a personnel action was taken with respect to an employee because of a disclosure described in paragraph (2)(B)(i); and (B) take any action that the Special Counsel determines is appropriate under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code. (f) P
ROTECTION OF WHISTLEBLOWERS AS CRI-
TERIA IN PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF SYSTEMS .—Section 4302 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b)(1) The head of each agency, in consulta-tion with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management and the Special Counsel, shall de-velop criteria that— ‘‘(A) the head of the agency shall use as a critical element for establishing the job require-ments of a supervisory employee; and ‘‘(B) promote the protection of whistleblowers. ‘‘(2) The criteria required under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) principles for the protection of whistle-blowers, such as the degree to which supervisory employees— ‘‘(i) respond constructively when employees of the agency make disclosures described in sub-paragraph (A) or (B) of section 2302(b)(8); ‘‘(ii) take responsible actions to resolve the disclosures described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) foster an environment in which employ-ees of the agency feel comfortable making disclo-sures described in clause (i) to supervisory em-ployees or other appropriate authorities; and ‘‘(B) for each supervisory employee— ‘‘(i) whether the agency entered into an agreement with an individual who alleged that the supervisory employee committed a prohibited personnel practice; and ‘‘(ii) if the agency entered into an agreement described in clause (i), the number of instances in which the agency entered into such an agree-ment with respect to the supervisory employee. ‘‘(3) In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘agency’ means any entity the employees of which are covered under para-graphs (8) and (9) of section 2302(b), without re-gard to whether any other provision of this sec-tion is applicable to the entity; ‘‘(B) the term ‘prohibited personnel practice’ has the meaning given the term in section 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(C) the term ‘supervisory employee’ means an employee who would be a supervisor, as de-fined in section 7103(a), if the agency employing the employee was an agency for purposes of chapter 71; and ‘‘(D) the term ‘whistleblower’ means an em-ployee who makes a disclosure described in sec-tion 2302(b)(8).’’. (2) CRITERIA FOR PERFORMANCE APPRAISALS .— Section 4313 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) protecting whistleblowers, as described in section 4302(b)(2).’’. (3) A
NNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON UNAC -
CEPTABLE PERFORMANCE IN WHISTLEBLOWER  
PROTECTION .— (A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the terms ‘‘agency’’ and ‘‘whistleblower’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 4302(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by para-graph (1). (B) R
EPORT .—Each agency shall annually submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives, and each committee of Congress with jurisdiction over the agency a report that details— (i) the number of performance appraisals, for the year covered by the report, that determined that an employee of the agency failed to meet the standards for protecting whistleblowers that were established under section 4302(b) of title 5, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1); (ii) the reasons for the determinations de-scribed in clause (i); and (iii) each performance-based or corrective ac-tion taken by the agency in response to a deter-mination under clause (i). (4) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—Section 4301 of title 5, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding para-graph (1), by striking ‘‘For the purpose of’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as otherwise expressly pro-vided, for the purpose of’’. (g) D
ISCIPLINE OF SUPERVISORS BASED ON RE-
TALIATION AGAINST WHISTLEBLOWERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 7515. Discipline of supervisors based on re-taliation against whistleblowers ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6066 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 2302(a)(2)(C), without regard to whether any other provision of this chapter is applicable to the entity; and ‘‘(B) does not include any entity that is an element of the intelligence community, as de-fined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003); ‘‘(2) the term ‘prohibited personnel action’ means taking or failing to take an action in vio-lation of paragraph (8) or (9) of section 2302(b) against an employee of an agency; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘supervisor’ means an employee who would be a supervisor, as defined in section 7103(a), if the entity employing the employee was an agency. ‘‘(b) P
ROPOSED DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If the head of the agency in which a supervisor is employed, an adminis-trative law judge, the Merit Systems Protection Board, the Special Counsel, a judge of the United States, or the Inspector General of the agency in which a supervisor is employed has determined that the supervisor committed a pro-hibited personnel action, the head of the agency in which the supervisor is employed, consistent with the procedures required under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) for the first prohibited personnel action committed by the supervisor— ‘‘(i) shall propose suspending the supervisor for a period that is not less than 3 days; and ‘‘(ii) may propose an additional action deter-mined appropriate by the head of the agency, including a reduction in grade or pay; and ‘‘(B) for the second prohibited personnel ac-tion committed by the supervisor, shall propose removing the supervisor. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) N
OTICE .—A supervisor against whom an action is proposed to be taken under paragraph (1) is entitled to written notice that— ‘‘(i) states the specific reasons for the pro-posed action; and ‘‘(ii) informs the supervisor about the right of the supervisor to review the material that con-stitutes the factual support on which the pro-posed action is based. ‘‘(B) A
NSWER AND EVIDENCE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A supervisor who receives notice under subparagraph (A) may, not later than 14 days after the date on which the super-visor receives the notice, submit an answer and furnish evidence in support of that answer. ‘‘(ii) N
O EVIDENCE FURNISHED ; INSUFFICIENT  
EVIDENCE FURNISHED .—If, after the end of the 14-day period described in clause (i), a super-visor does not furnish any evidence as described in that clause, or if the head of the agency in which the supervisor is employed determines that the evidence furnished by the supervisor is insufficient, the head of the agency shall carry out the action proposed under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1), as applicable. ‘‘(C) S
COPE OF PROCEDURES .—An action car-ried out under this section— ‘‘(i) except as provided in clause (ii), shall be subject to the same requirements and proce-dures, including those with respect to an ap-peal, as an action under section 7503, 7513, or 7543; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to— ‘‘(I) paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 7503(b); ‘‘(II) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7513; and ‘‘(III) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) and subsection (c) of section 7543. ‘‘(3) N
ON-DELEGATION .—If the head of an agency is responsible for determining whether a supervisor has committed a prohibited personnel action for purposes of paragraph (1), the head of the agency may not delegate that responsi-bility.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7514 the following: ‘‘7515. Discipline of supervisors based on retalia-tion against whistleblowers.’’. (h) TERMINATION OF CERTAIN INVESTIGATIONS  
BY THE OFFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1214(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6)(A) Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, not later than 30 days after the date on which the Special Counsel receives an allegation of a prohibited personnel practice under paragraph (1), the Special Counsel may terminate an investigation of the allegation without further inquiry if the Special Counsel determines that— ‘‘(i) the same allegation, based on the same set of facts and circumstances, had previously been— ‘‘(I)(aa) made by the individual; and ‘‘(bb) investigated by the Special Counsel; or ‘‘(II) filed by the individual with the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(ii) the Special Counsel does not have juris-diction to investigate the allegation; or ‘‘(iii) the individual knew or should have known of the alleged prohibited personnel prac-tice on or before the date that is 3 years before the date on which the Special Counsel received the allegation. ‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Special Counsel terminates an inves-tigation under subparagraph (A), the Special Counsel shall provide a written notification to the individual who submitted the allegation of a prohibited personnel practice that states the basis of the Special Counsel for terminating the investigation.’’. (i) A
LLEGATIONS OF WRONGDOING WITHIN THE  O
FFICE OF SPECIAL COUNSEL .—Section 1212 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(i) The Special Counsel shall enter into at least 1 agreement with the Inspector General of an agency under which— ‘‘(1) the Inspector General shall— ‘‘(A) receive, review, and investigate allega-tions of prohibited personnel practices or wrong-doing filed by employees of the Office of Special Counsel; and ‘‘(B) develop a method for an employee of the Office of Special Counsel to communicate di-rectly with the Inspector General; and ‘‘(2) the Special Counsel— ‘‘(A) may not require an employee of the Of-fice of Special Counsel to seek authorization or approval before directly contacting the Inspec-tor General in accordance with the agreement; and ‘‘(B) may reimburse the Inspector General for services provided under the agreement.’’. (j) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Section 1218 of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘§ 1218. Annual report ‘‘The Special Counsel shall submit to Con-gress, on an annual basis, a report regarding the activities of the Special Counsel, which shall include, for the year preceding the submission of the report— ‘‘(1) the number, types, and disposition of al-legations of prohibited personnel practices filed with the Special Counsel and the costs of resolv-ing such allegations; ‘‘(2) the number of investigations conducted by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(3) the number of stays and disciplinary ac-tions negotiated with agencies by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(4) the number of subpoenas issued by the Special Counsel; ‘‘(5) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel reopened an investigation after the Special Counsel had made an initial deter-mination with respect to the investigation; ‘‘(6) the actions that resulted from reopening investigations, as described in paragraph (5); ‘‘(7) the number of instances in which the Special Counsel did not make a determination before the end of the 240-day period described in section 1214(b)(2)(A)(i) regarding whether there were reasonable grounds to believe that a pro-hibited personnel practice had occurred, existed, or was to be taken; ‘‘(8) a description of the recommendations and reports made by the Special Counsel to other agencies under this subchapter and the actions taken by the agencies as a result of the rec-ommendations or reports; ‘‘(9) the number of— ‘‘(A) actions initiated before the Merit Systems Protection Board, including the number of cor-rective action petitions and disciplinary action complaints initiated; and ‘‘(B) stays and extensions of stays obtained from the Merit Systems Protection Board; ‘‘(10) the number of prohibited personnel prac-tice complaints that resulted in a favorable ac-tion for the complainant, other than a stay or an extension of a stay, organized by actions in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; and ‘‘(11) the number of prohibited personnel prac-tice complaints that were resolved by an agree-ment between an agency and an individual, or-ganized by agency and agency components in— ‘‘(A) complaints dealing with reprisals against whistleblowers; and ‘‘(B) all other complaints; ‘‘(12) the number of corrective actions that the Special Counsel required an agency to take after a finding by the Special Counsel of a prohibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); and ‘‘(13) the results for the Office of Special Counsel of any employee viewpoint survey con-ducted by the Office of Personnel Management or any other agency.’’. (2) PUBLIC INFORMATION .—Section 1219(a)(1) of title 5, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) a list of any noncriminal matters referred to the head of an agency under section 1213(c), together with— ‘‘(A) a copy of the information transmitted to the head of the agency under section 1213(c)(1); ‘‘(B) any report from the agency under section 1213(c)(1)(B) relating to the matter; ‘‘(C) if appropriate, not otherwise prohibited by law, and consented to by the complainant, any comments from the complainant under sec-tion 1213(e)(1) relating to the matter; and ‘‘(D) the comments or recommendations of the Special Counsel under paragraph (3) or (4) of section 1213(e);’’. (3) N
OTICE OF COMPLAINT SETTLEMENTS .—Sec- tion 1217 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The Special Counsel’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Special Counsel’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL REPORT REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an allegation submitted to the Special Counsel is resolved by an agree-ment between an agency and an individual, the Special Counsel shall submit to Congress and each congressional committee with jurisdiction over the agency a report regarding the agree-ment. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Any report required under paragraph (1) shall identify, with respect to an agreement described in that paragraph— ‘‘(A) the agency that entered into the agree-ment; ‘‘(B) the position and employment location of the employee who submitted the allegation that formed the basis of the agreement; ‘‘(C) the position and employment location of any employee alleged by an employee described in subparagraph (B) to have committed a pro-hibited personnel practice, as defined in section 2302(a)(1); ‘‘(D) a description of the allegation described in subparagraph (B); and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6067 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(E) whether the agency that entered into the agreement has agreed to pursue any discipli-nary action as a result of the allegation de-scribed in subparagraph (B).’’. (k) E
STABLISHMENT OF SURVEY PILOT PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Office of Special Coun-sel shall design and establish a pilot program under which the Office shall conduct, during the first full fiscal year after the date of enact-ment of this Act, a survey of individuals who have filed a complaint or disclosure with the Of-fice. (2) P
URPOSE .—The survey under paragraph (1) shall be designed for the purpose of col-lecting information and improving service at various stages of a review or investigation by the Office of Special Counsel. (3) R
ESULTS .—The results of the survey under paragraph (1) shall be published in the annual report of the Office of Special Counsel. (4) S
USPENSION OF OTHER SURVEYS .—During the period beginning on October 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2018, section 13 of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to reauthorize the Office of Special Counsel, and for other purposes’’, ap-proved October 29, 1994 (5 U.S.C. 1212 note), shall have no force or effect. (l) S
TAYS OF THE MERIT SYSTEMS PROTECTION  B
OARD .—Section 1214(b)(1)(B)(ii) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘who was appointed, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,’’. (m) R
EGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Special Counsel shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to perform— (A) the functions of the Special Counsel under subchapter II of chapter 12 of title 5, United States Code, including regulations that are nec-essary to carry out sections 1213, 1214, and 1215 of that title; and (B) any functions of the Special Counsel that are required because of the amendments made by this section. (2) P
UBLICATION .—Any regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) shall be published in the Federal Register. (n) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 8(a)(2) of the Whis-tleblower Protection Act of 1989 (5 U.S.C. 5509 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, and 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2022’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as though en-acted on September 30, 2015. 
SEC. 6006. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON CERTIFI-CATIONS ON AUDIT READINESS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS, DE-FENSE AGENCIES, AND OTHER ORGA-NIZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 1003 shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 6007. CERTIFICATIONS ON RELIABILITY OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS, DE-FENSE AGENCIES, AND OTHER ORGA-NIZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Not later than September 30, 2017, and each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the con-gressional defense committees whether or not the full financial statements of the Department of Defense are reliable as of the date of such certification. (b) M
ILITARY DEPARTMENTS , DEFENSE AGEN-
CIES, AND OTHER ORGANIZATIONS AND ELE-
MENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2017, and each year thereafter, each Secretary of a military department, each head of a De-fense Agency, and each head of any other orga-nization or element of the Department of De-fense designated by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this subsection shall certify to the congressional defense committees whether or not the full financial statements of the military de-partment, the Defense Agency, or the organiza-tion or element concerned became reliable dur-ing the fiscal year in which such certification is to be submitted. (2) TRANSMITTAL THROUGH SECRETARY OF DE -
FENSE .—The individual certifications required by this subsection shall be transmitted to the congressional defense committees collectively by the Secretary under procedures established by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection. (c) T
ERMINATION ON RECEIPT OF UNMODIFIED  A
UDIT OPINION ON FULL FINANCIAL STATE-
MENTS .—A certification is no longer required under subsection (a) or (b) with respect to the Department of Defense, or a military depart-ment, Defense Agency, or organization or ele-ment of the Department, as applicable, after the Department of Defense or such military depart-ment, Defense Agency, or organization or ele-ment receives an unmodified audit opinion on its full financial statements. 
SEC. 6008. STREAMLINING OF REQUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH AUDITS AND THE RELIABILITY OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPEAL OF LIMITATION ON INSPECTOR GEN-
ERAL CONDUCT OF AUDIT OF UNRELIABLE FINAN-
CIAL STATEMENTS .—Section 1008 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking subseciton (d). (b) C
ESSATION OF APPLICABILITY OF FINANCIAL  I
MPROVEMENT AND AUDIT READINESS PLANRE-
QUIREMENTS .—Section 1003 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) C
ESSATION OF APPLICABILITY .—This sec- tion and the requirements of this section shall cease to be effective on the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth a certification that the financial statements of each department, agency, activity, and other component of the Department of Defense are under audit.’’. 
SEC. 6009. RANKINGS OF AUDITABILITY OF FI-NANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE OR-GANIZATIONS AND ELEMENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comp-troller), submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a ranking of the auditability of the financial statements of the departments, agencies, organizations, and elements of the Department of Defense accord-ing to the progress made toward achieving auditability as required by law. The Under Sec-retary shall determine the criteria to be used for purposes of the rankings. 
SEC. 6010. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES RECOMMENDA-TIONS FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE, DEPARTMENT OF STATE, AND UNITED STATES AGENCY FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Concerned that, by avoiding full implementation of recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States, agencies are missing opportunities to operate more efficiently and effectively, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report summarizing the assessment of the Comptroller General of each open recommendation made to an agency specified in paragraph (2) that has not been fully implemented. (2) A
GENCIES .—The agencies referred to in this paragraph are as follows: (A) The Department of Defense. (B) The Department of State. (C) The United States Agency for Inter-national Development. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include a detailed description of the following: (1) The initial response of the agency con-cerned to each recommendation described in subsection (a)(1) at the time such recommenda-tion was made. (2) The actions taken by the agency concerned to implement such recommendation. (3) The rationale provided by the agency con-cerned for not implementing, or partially imple-menting, such recommendation. (c) F
ORM.—Any information included in a re-port under this section shall, to the extent prac-ticable, be submitted in unclassified form, but may be set forth in a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6011. REPORT ON AIRPORTS USED BY MAHAN AIR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through 2020, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Director of National Intelligence, shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) a list of all airports at which aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air have landed during the 2 years preceding the submission of the report; and (2) for each such airport— (A) an assessment of whether aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air continue to conduct operations at that airport; (B) an assessment of whether any of the land-ings of aircraft owned or controlled by Mahan Air were necessitated by an emergency situa-tion; (C) a determination regarding whether addi-tional security measures should be imposed on flights to the United States that originate from that airport; and (D) an explanation of the rationale for that determination. (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassi-fied form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 6012. OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Open, Public, Electronic, and Necessary Government Data Act’’ or the ‘‘OPEN Govern-ment Data Act’’. (b) D
EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3561 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (c). (c) O
PENGOVERNMENT DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Subchapter III—Open Government Data ‘‘§ 3561. Definitions ‘‘As used in this subchapter— ‘‘(1) the term ‘agency’— ‘‘(A) has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 3502; and ‘‘(B) includes the Federal Election Commis-sion; ‘‘(2) the term ‘data’ means recorded informa-tion, regardless of form or the media on which the data is recorded; ‘‘(3) the term ‘data asset’ means a collection of data elements or data sets that may be grouped together; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6068 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(4) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(5) the term ‘Enterprise Data Inventory’ means a data inventory developed and main-tained under section 3563; ‘‘(6) the terms ‘information resources manage-ment’, ‘information system’, and ‘information technology’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3502; ‘‘(7) the term ‘machine-readable’ means a for-mat in which information or data can be easily processed by a computer without human inter-vention while ensuring no semantic meaning is lost; ‘‘(8) the term ‘metadata’ means structural or descriptive information about data such as con-tent, format, source, rights, accuracy, prove-nance, frequency, periodicity, granularity, pub-lisher or responsible party, contact information, method of collection, and other descriptions; ‘‘(9) the term ‘open Government data asset’ means a data asset maintained by the Federal Government that is— ‘‘(A) machine-readable; ‘‘(B) available in an open format; ‘‘(C) not encumbered by restrictions that would impede use or reuse; ‘‘(D) releasable to the public according to guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d); and ‘‘(E) based on an underlying open standard that is maintained by a standards organization; and ‘‘(10) the term ‘open license’ means a legal guarantee applied to a data asset that the data asset is made available— ‘‘(A) at no cost to the public; and ‘‘(B) with no restrictions on copying, pub-lishing, distributing, transmitting, citing, or adapting. ‘‘§ 3562. Requirements for Government data ‘‘(a) M
ACHINE -READABLE DATA REQUIRED .— Open Government data assets made available by an agency shall be published as machine-read-able data. ‘‘(b) O
PEN BY DEFAULT AND OPENLICENSE RE-
QUIRED .—To the extent permitted by law and subject to privacy, confidentiality, security, and any other restrictions, and according to guid-ance issued by the Director under subsection (d)— ‘‘(1) data assets maintained by the Federal Government shall— ‘‘(A) be available in an open format; and ‘‘(B) be available under open licenses; and ‘‘(2) open Government data assets published by or for an agency shall be made available under an open license. ‘‘(c) I
NNOVATION .—Each agency may engage with nongovernmental organizations, citizens, nonprofit organizations, colleges and univer-sities, private and public companies, and other agencies to explore opportunities to leverage the data assets of the agency in a manner that may provide new opportunities for innovation in the public and private sectors in accordance with law, regulation, and policy. ‘‘(d) G
UIDANCE FOR OPEN BY DEFAULT AND  O
PEN LICENSE REQUIREMENTS .—The Director shall issue guidance for agencies to use in imple-menting subsections (a) and (b), including cri-teria that the head of each agency shall use in determining whether to make a particular data asset publicly available in a manner that takes into account— ‘‘(1) privacy and confidentiality risks and re-strictions, including the risk that an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a privacy or confidentiality risk but when combined with other available information may pose such a risk; ‘‘(2) security considerations, including the risk that information in an individual data asset in isolation does not pose a security risk but when combined with other available infor-mation may pose such a risk; ‘‘(3) the cost and benefits to the public of con-verting a data asset into a machine-readable format that is accessible and useful to the pub-lic; ‘‘(4) the expectation that a data asset be dis-closed, if it would otherwise be made available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’); and ‘‘(5) any other considerations that the Direc-tor determines to be relevant. ‘‘§ 3563. Enterprise Data Inventory ‘‘(a) AGENCY DATAINVENTORY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In order to develop a clear and comprehensive understanding of the data assets in the possession of an agency, the head of each agency, in consultation with the Direc-tor, shall develop and maintain an enterprise data inventory that accounts for any data asset created, collected, under the control or direction of, or maintained by the agency after the effec-tive date of this section, with the goal of includ-ing all data assets, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(2) C
ONTENTS .—Each Enterprise Data Inven-tory shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Data assets used in agency information systems (including program administration, sta-tistics, and financial activity) generated by ap-plications, devices, networks, facilities, and equipment, categorized by source type. ‘‘(B) Data assets shared or maintained across agency programs and bureaus. ‘‘(C) Data assets that are shared among agen-cies or created by more than 1 agency. ‘‘(D) A clear indication of all data assets that can be made publicly available under section 552 of title 5 (commonly known as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’). ‘‘(E) A description of whether the agency has determined that an individual data asset may be made publicly available and whether the data asset is available to the public. ‘‘(F) Open Government data assets. ‘‘(G) Other elements as required by the guid-ance issued by the Director under subsection (c). ‘‘(b) P
UBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Chief Infor-mation Officer of each agency, in coordination with privacy and security officials of the agen-cy, shall use the guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d) in determining whether to make data assets included in the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency publicly available in an open format and under an open license. ‘‘(c) G
UIDANCE FOR ENTERPRISE DATAINVEN-
TORY .—The Director shall issue guidance for each Enterprise Data Inventory, including a re-quirement that an Enterprise Data Inventory includes a compilation of metadata about agen-cy data assets. ‘‘(d) A
VAILABILITY OF ENTERPRISE DATAIN-
VENTORY .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency— ‘‘(1) shall make the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency available to the public on the Fed-eral Data Catalog required under section 3566; ‘‘(2) shall ensure that access to the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency and the data con-tained therein is consistent with applicable law, regulation, and policy; and ‘‘(3) may implement paragraph (1) in a man-ner that maintains a nonpublic portion of the Enterprise Data Inventory of the agency. ‘‘(e) R
EGULAR UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of each agency shall— ‘‘(1) to the extent practicable, complete the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section; and ‘‘(2) add additional data assets to the Enter-prise Data Inventory for the agency not later than 90 days after the date on which the data asset is created or identified. ‘‘(f) U
SE OF EXISTING RESOURCES .—When practicable, the Chief Information Officer of each agency shall use existing procedures and systems to compile and publish the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency. ‘‘§ 3564. Federal agency responsibilities ‘‘(a) I
NFORMATION RESOURCES MANAGE -
MENT .—With respect to general information re-sources management, each agency shall— ‘‘(1) improve the integrity, quality, and utility of information to all users within and outside the agency by— ‘‘(A) using open format for any new open Government data asset created or obtained on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of en-actment of this section; and ‘‘(B) to the extent practicable, encouraging the adoption of open format for all open Gov-ernment data assets created or obtained before the date described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(2) in consultation with the Director, develop an open data plan that, at a minimum and to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) requires the agency to develop processes and procedures that— ‘‘(i) require each new data collection mecha-nism to use an open format; and ‘‘(ii) allow the agency to collaborate with non-Government entities, researchers, busi-nesses, and private citizens for the purpose of understanding how data users value and use open Government data assets; ‘‘(B) identifies and implements methods for collecting and analyzing digital information on data asset usage by users within and outside of the agency, including designating a point of contact within the agency to assist the public and to respond to quality issues, usability issues, recommendations for improvements, and complaints about adherence to open data re-quirements; ‘‘(C) develops and implements a process to evaluate and improve the timeliness, complete-ness, accuracy, usefulness, and availability of open Government data assets; ‘‘(D) requires the agency to update the plan at an interval determined by the Director; ‘‘(E) includes requirements for meeting the goals of the agency open data plan including technology, training for employees, and imple-menting procurement standards, in accordance with existing law, regulation, and policy, that allow for the acquisition of innovative solutions from the public and private sectors; and ‘‘(F) prohibits the disclosure of data assets unless the data asset may be released to the public in accordance with guidance issued by the Director under section 3562(d). ‘‘(b) INFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—With re- spect to information dissemination, each agen-cy— ‘‘(1) shall provide access to open Government data assets online; ‘‘(2) shall take the necessary precautions to ensure that the agency maintains the produc-tion and publication of data assets which are directly related to activities that protect the safety of human life or property, as identified by the open data plan of the agency required under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(3) may engage the public in using open Gov-ernment data assets and encourage collabora-tion by— ‘‘(A) publishing information on open Govern-ment data assets usage in regular, timely inter-vals, but not less frequently than annually; ‘‘(B) receiving public input regarding prior-ities for the analysis and disclosure of data as-sets to be published; ‘‘(C) assisting civil society groups and mem-bers of the public working to expand the use of open Government data assets; and ‘‘(D) hosting challenges, competitions, events, or other initiatives designed to create additional value from open Government data assets. ‘‘§ 3565. Additional agency data asset manage-ment responsibilities ‘‘The Chief Information Officer of each agen-cy, or other appropriate official designated by the head of an agency, in collaboration with other internal agency stakeholders, is respon-sible for— ‘‘(1) data asset management, format standard-ization, sharing of data assets, and publication of data assets for the agency; ‘‘(2) the compilation and publication of the Enterprise Data Inventory for the agency re-quired under section 3563; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6069 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(3) ensuring that agency data conforms with open data best practices; ‘‘(4) engaging agency employees, the public, and contractors in using open Government data assets and encouraging collaborative ap-proaches to improving data use; ‘‘(5) supporting the agency Performance Im-provement Officer in generating data to support the function of the Performance Improvement Officer described in section 1124(a)(2) of title 31; ‘‘(6) supporting officials responsible for lead-ing agency mission areas and Governmentwide initiatives in maximizing data available for pro-gram administration, statistics, evaluation, re-search, and internal financial management, subject to any privacy, confidentiality, security laws and policies, and other valid restrictions; ‘‘(7) reviewing the information technology in-frastructure of the agency and the impact of the infrastructure on making data assets accessible to reduce barriers that inhibit data asset acces-sibility; ‘‘(8) ensuring that, to the extent practicable, the agency is maximizing data assets used in agency information systems generated by appli-cations, devices, networks, facilities, and equip-ment, categorized by source type, and such use is not otherwise prohibited, to reduce costs, im-prove operations, and strengthen security and privacy protections; and ‘‘(9) identifying points of contact for roles and responsibilities related to open data use and im-plementation as required by the Director. ‘‘§ 3566. Federal Data Catalog ‘‘(a) F
EDERAL DATA CATALOG REQUIRED .— The Administrator of General Services shall maintain a single public interface online, to be known as the ‘Federal Data Catalog’, as a point of entry dedicated to sharing open Government data assets with the public. ‘‘(b) C
OORDINATION WITHAGENCIES .—The Di- rector shall determine, after consultation with the head of each agency and the Administrator of General Services, the method to access any open Government data assets published through the interface described in subsection (a).’’. (2) S
PECIAL PROVISIONS .— (A) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Notwithstanding sub-section (i), section 3562 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall take ef-fect on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply with re-spect to any contract entered into by an agency on or after such effective date. (B) U
SE OF OPEN DATA ASSETS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the head of each agency shall ensure that any activities by the agency or any new contract en-tered into by the agency meet the requirements of section 3562 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). (C) D
EADLINE FOR FEDERAL DATA CATALOG .— Not later than 180 days after the effective date of this section, the Administrator of General Services shall meet the requirements of section 3566 of title 44, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1) (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘
SUBCHAPTER III —OPEN GOVERNMENT DATA  ‘‘3561. Definitions. ‘‘3562. Requirements for Government data. ‘‘3563. Enterprise Data Inventory. ‘‘3564. Federal agency responsibilities. ‘‘3565. Additional agency data asset manage-ment responsibilities. ‘‘3566. Federal Data Catalog.’’. (d) E
VALUATION OF AGENCY ANALYTICAL CA-
PABILITIES .— (1) A
GENCY REVIEW OF EVALUATION AND ANAL -
YSIS CAPABILITIES ; REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Chief Operating Officer of each agency shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives, and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget a report on the review described in para-graph (2). (2) REQUIREMENTS OF AGENCY REVIEW .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall assess the coverage, quality, methods, effectiveness, and independence of the evaluation, research, and analysis efforts of an agency, including each of the following: (A) A list of the activities and operations of the agency that are being evaluated and ana-lyzed and the activities and operations that have been evaluated and analyzed during the previous 5 years. (B) The extent to which the evaluations, re-search, and analysis efforts and related activi-ties of the agency support the needs of various divisions within the agency. (C) The extent to which the evaluation re-search and analysis efforts and related activities of the agency address an appropriate balance between needs related to organizational learn-ing, ongoing program management, performance management, strategic management, inter-agency and private sector coordination, internal and external oversight, and accountability. (D) The extent to which the agency uses meth-ods and combinations of methods that are ap-propriate to agency divisions and the cor-responding research questions being addressed, including an appropriate combination of forma-tive and summative evaluation research and analysis approaches. (E) The extent to which evaluation and re-search capacity is present within the agency to include personnel, agency process for planning and implementing evaluation activities, dissemi-nating best practices and findings, and incor-porating employee views and feedback. (F) The extent to which the agency has the capacity to assist front-line staff and program offices to develop the capacity to use evaluation research and analysis approaches and data in the day-to-day operations. (3) GAO 
REVIEW OF AGENCY REPORTS .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that summarizes agency findings and highlights trends from the reports submitted under para-graph (1) and, if appropriate, recommends ac-tions to further improve agency capacity to use evaluation techniques and data to support eval-uation efforts. (e) O
NLINE REPOSITORY AND ADDITIONAL RE-
PORTS .— (1) R
EPOSITORY .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall collaborate with the Office of Government Information Services and the Administrator of General Services to de-velop and maintain an online repository of tools, best practices, and schema standards to facilitate the adoption of open data practices, which shall— (A) include definitions, regulation and policy, checklists, and case studies related to open data, this section, and the amendments made by this section; and (B) facilitate collaboration and the adoption of best practices across the Federal Government relating to the adoption of open data practices. (2) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Oversight and Government Re-form of the House of Representatives a report that identifies— (A) the value of information made available to the public as a result of this section and the amendments made by this section; (B) whether it is valuable to expand the pub-licly available information to any other data as-sets; and (C) the completeness of the Enterprise Data Inventory at each agency required under section 3563 of title 44, United States Code, as added by subsection (c). (3) BIENNIAL OMB REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section, and every 2 years thereafter, the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget shall electroni-cally publish a report on agency performance and compliance with this section and the amendments made by this section. (4) A
GENCY CIO REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the effective date of this section and every year thereafter, the Chief Information Of-ficer of each agency shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representa-tives a report on compliance with the require-ments of this section and the amendments made by this section, including information on the re-quirements that the agency could not meet and what the agency needs to comply with those re-quirements. (f) G
UIDANCE .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall delegate to the Administrator of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs and the Administrator of the Office of Electronic Government the authority to jointly issue guidance required under this sec-tion. (g) N
ATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEMS .—This sec- tion and the amendments made by this section shall not apply to data assets that are contained in a national security system, as defined in sec-tion 11103 of title 40, United States Code. (h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section, or the amendments made by this sec-tion, shall be construed to require the disclosure of information or records that may be withheld from public disclosure under any provision of Federal law, including section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’) and section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Privacy Act of 1974’’). (i) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall take ef-fect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 6013. BRIEFING ON PLANS TO DEVELOP AND IMPROVE ADDITIVE MANUFAC-TURING CAPABILITIES. 
Not later than December 1, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Rep-resentatives on the Department’s plans to de-velop and improve additive manufacturing, in-cluding the Department’s plans to— (1) develop military and quality assurance standards as quickly as possible; (2) leverage current manufacturing institutes to conduct research in the validation of quality standards for additive manufactured parts; and (3) further integrate additive manufacturing capabilities and capacity into the Department’s organic depots, arsenals, and shipyards. TITLE LXII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS 
SEC. 6201. ADVANCEMENTS IN DEFENSE CO-OPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND INDIA. 
(a) S TRATEGY TOFURTHER COOPERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, develop a strategy for ad-vancing defense cooperation between the United States and India. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The strategy shall address the following: (A) Common security challenges. (B) The role of United States partners and al-lies in the United States-India defense relation-ship. (C) The role of the Defense Technology and Trade Initiative. (D) How to advance the Communications Interoperability and Security Memorandum of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6070 September 25, 2017 
Agreement and the Basic Exchange and Co-operation Agreement for Geospatial Coopera-tion. (E) The role of joint exercises, operations, pa-trols and mutual defense planning. (F) Any other matters the Secretary of De-fense or the Secretary of State considers appro-priate. (b) I
NDIA AS MAJOR DEFENSE PARTNER .— (1) F
INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (A) Subsection (a)(1)(A) of section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) requires the recognition of India as a major defense partner. (B) The President and the Prime Minister of India, in a joint statement, noted that India is a Major Defense Partner of the United States. (C) The designation of ‘‘Major Defense Part-ner’’ is unique to India, and institutionalizes the progress made to facilitate defense trade and technology sharing between the United States and India. (D) The designation elevates defense trade and technology cooperation between the United States and India to a level commensurate with the closest allies and partners of the United States. (E) The designation is intended to facilitate technology sharing between the United States and India, including license-free access to a wide range of dual-use technologies. (F) The designation facilitates joint exercises, coordination on defense strategy and policy, military exchanges, and port calls in support of defense cooperation between the United States and India. (2) I
NTERAGENCY DEFINITION .—The Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Sec-retary of Commerce shall jointly produce a com-mon definition of the term ‘‘Major Defense Part-ner’’ as it relates to India for joint use by the Department of Defense, the Department of State, and the Department of Commerce. (c) R
ESPONSIBILITY FOR ENHANCED COOPERA -
TION.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall make the designation required by sub-section (a)(1)(B) of section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (2) A
DDITIONAL DUTIES .—In addition to the duties specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of sub-section (a)(1)(B) of such section 1292, the indi-vidual designated pursuant to paragraph (1) shall promote United States defense trade with India for the benefit of job creation and com-mercial competitiveness in the United States. (3) B
RIEFINGS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, appropriate officials of the Office of the Secretary of Defense and appro-priate officials of the Department of State shall brief the appropriate committees of Congress on the actions of the Department of Defense and the Department of State, respectively, to pro-mote the competitiveness of United States de-fense exports to India. The requirement for briefings under this paragraph shall cease on the date of the designation of an individual pur-suant to paragraph (1). (4) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 6202. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (b) is enacted in coordination with section 1205, to which it relates. (b) C
OMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED  S
TATES REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than May 1, 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that sets forth the following: (A) A description of the mechanisms and au-thorities used by the Department of Defense and the Department of State to conduct training of foreign security forces on human rights and international humanitarian law. (B) A description of the funding used to sup-port the training described in subparagraph (A). (C) A description and assessment of the meth-odology used by each of the Department of De-fense and the Department of State to assess the effectiveness of such training. (D) Such recommendations for improvements to such training as the Comptroller General con-siders appropriate. (E) Such other matters relating to such train-ing as the Comptroller General considers appro-priate. (2) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Rep-resentatives. 
SEC. 6203. HUMAN RIGHTS VETTING OF AFGHAN NATIONAL DEFENSE AND SECURITY FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense may establish within the Department of Defense one or more perma-nent positions to oversee and support, in coordi-nation with the Department of State, the imple-mentation of section 362 of title 10, United States Code, with respect to the Afghan Na-tional Defense and Security Forces. 
SEC. 6204. ADDITIONAL MATTER FOR SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EXTENDED DETER-RENCE FOR THE KOREAN PENIN-SULA AND JAPAN. 
Section 1269(2) is deemed to be amended by in-serting the following before the period: ‘‘, and should fully consider actions to reassure the Re-public of Korea and Japan of the enduring com-mitment of the United States to provide its full range of defensive capabilities’’. 
SEC. 6205. STUDY ON UNITED STATES INTERESTS IN THE FREELY ASSOCIATED STATES. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of De-fense shall enter into an agreement with an ap-propriate independent entity to conduct a study and assessment of United States security and foreign policy interests in the Freely Associated States of the Republic of Palau, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, and the Federated States of Micronesia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The study required pursuant to subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) The role of the Compacts of Free Associa-tion in promoting United States defense and for-eign policy interests, and the status of the obli-gations of the United States and the Freely As-sociated States under the Compacts of Free As-sociation. (2) The economic assistance practices of the People’s Republic of China in the Freely Associ-ated States, and the implications of such prac-tices for United States defense and foreign pol-icy interests in the Freely Associated States and the Pacific region. (3) The economic assistance practices of other countries in the Freely Associated States, as de-termined by the Comptroller General, and the implications of such practices for United States defense and foreign policy interests in the Free-ly Associated States and the Pacific region. (4) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the study. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall provide the entity conducting the study pursuant to subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, re-sources, and analysis so that the entity may conduct a thorough and independent assessment of the matters covered by the study, including the matters specified in subsection (b). (d) REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report setting forth the results of the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified for, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 6206. PLAN TO ENHANCE THE EXTENDED DE-TERRENCE AND ASSURANCE CAPA-BILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES IN THE ASIA-PACIFIC REGION. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress recognizes that North Korea’s first successful test of an interconti-nental ballistic missile (ICBM) constitutes a grave and imminent threat to United States se-curity and to the security of United States allies and partners in the Asia-Pacific region. (b) P
LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command and the Commander of the United States Strategic Com-mand, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to enhance the extended de-terrence and assurance capabilities of the United States in the Asia-Pacific region. (c) M
ATTERS TOBEINCLUDED .—The plan shall include consideration of actions that will enhance United States security by strengthening deterrence of North Korean aggression and pro-viding increased assurance to United States al-lies in the Asia-Pacific region, including the fol-lowing: (1) Increased visible presence of key United States military assets, such as missile defenses, long-range strike assets, and intermediate-range strike assets, to the region that do not violate existing treaties. (2) Increased military cooperation, exercises, and integration of defenses with allies in the re-gion. (3) Increased foreign military sales to allies in the region. (4) Planning for, exercising, or deploying dual-capable aircraft to the region. (5) Any necessary modifications to the United States nuclear force posture. (6) Such other actions the Secretary considers appropriate to strengthen extended deterrence and assurance in the region. (d) F
ORM.—The plan shall be submitted in un-classified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 6207. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON PROVI-SIONS RELATING TO THE UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Sections 1243 through 1250 of this Act shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 6208. EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY AS-SISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2494), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) F
UNDING FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018.—Sub- section (f) of such section 1250, as added by sub-section (a) of such section 1237, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) For fiscal year 2018, $500,000,000.’’. (c) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Subsection (c) of such section 1250, as amended by subsection (c) of such section 1237, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘pur-suant to subsection (f)(2)’’ the following: ‘‘, or more than $250,000,000 of the funds available for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3),’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6071 September 25, 2017 
(A) in the first sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘with respect to the fiscal year concerned’’ after ‘‘is a certification’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and improvement in trans-parency, accountability, and potential opportu-nities for privatization in the defense industrial sector’’ and inserting ‘‘sustainment, inventory management practices, progress in improving the security of proprietary or sensitive foreign defense technology’’; and (B) in the second sentence, by inserting after ‘‘additional action is needed’’ the following: ‘‘and a description of the methodology used to evaluate whether Ukraine has made progress in defense institutional reforms relative to pre-viously established goals and objectives’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or 2018’’ after ‘‘in fiscal year 2017’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘in paragraph (2), such funds may be used in that fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘in paragraph (2) with respect to such fiscal year, such funds may be used in such fiscal year’’. 
SEC. 6209. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY ON TRAIN-ING FOR EASTERN EUROPEAN NA-TIONAL SECURITY FORCES IN THE COURSE OF MULTILATERAL EXER-CISES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2282 note) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ and in-serting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 through calendar year 2020’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘military’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘security’’; (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘that’’ and inserting ‘‘than’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘section 2282’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 16’’. 
SEC. 6210. SECURITY ASSISTANCE FOR BALTIC NATIONS FOR JOINT PROGRAM FOR RESILIENCY AND DETERRENCE AGAINST AGGRESSION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, conduct or support a joint program of the Baltic nations to improve their resilience against and build their capacity to deter aggression by the Russian Federation. (b) J
OINT PROGRAM .—For purposes of sub-section (a), a joint program of the Baltic nations may be either of the following: (1) A program jointly agreed by the Baltic na-tions that builds interoperability among those countries. (2) An agreement for the joint procurement by the Baltic nations of defense articles or services using assistance provided pursuant to sub-section (a). (c) P
ARTICIPATION OF OTHER COUNTRIES .— Any country other than a Baltic nation may participate in the joint program described in subsection (a), but only using funds of such country. (d) L
IMITATION ON AMOUNT .—The total amount of assistance provided pursuant to sub-section (a) in fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $100,000,000. (e) F
UNDING .—Amounts for assistance pro-vided pursuant to subsection (a) shall be derived from amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act and available for the European Deter-rence Initiative (EDI). (f) B
ALTIC NATIONS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Baltic nations’’ means the following: (1) Estonia. (2) Latvia. (3) Lithuania. 
SEC. 6211. ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLV-ING THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
Section 1245(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3566), as most recently amend-ed by section 1235(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2490), is further amend-ed— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (14) through (20) as paragraphs (15) through (21), respec-tively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (13) the fol-lowing new paragraph (14): ‘‘(14) An assessment of Russia’s hybrid war-fare strategy and capabilities, including— ‘‘(A) Russia’s information warfare strategy and capabilities, including the use of misin-formation, disinformation, and propaganda in social and traditional media; ‘‘(B) Russia’s financing of political parties, think tanks, media organizations, and academic institutions; ‘‘(C) Russia’s malicious cyber activities; ‘‘(D) Russia’s use of coercive economic tools, including sanctions, market access, and dif-ferential pricing, especially in energy exports; and ‘‘(E) Russia’s use of criminal networks and corruption to achieve political objectives.’’. SEC. 6212. ANNUAL REPORT ON ATTEMPTS OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO PRO-VIDE DISINFORMATION AND PROPA-GANDA TO MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES BY SOCIAL MEDIA. 
(a) A NNUAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31 each year, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on attempts by the Russian Federation, or any foreign person acting as an agent of or on behalf of the Russian Federation, during the preceding year to knowingly dissemi-nate Russian Federation-supported disinformation or propaganda, through social media applications or related Internet-based means, to members of the Armed Forces with probable intent to cause injury to the United States or advantage the Government of the Rus-sian Federation. (b) F
ORM.—Each report under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 6213. SUPPORT OF EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE TO DETER RUSSIAN AG-GRESSION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Military exercises, such as Exercise Nifty Nugget and Exercise Reforger during the Cold War, have historically made important contribu-tions to testing operational concepts, tech-nologies, and leadership approaches; identifying limiting factors in the execution of operational plans and appropriate corrective action; and bolstering deterrence against adversaries by demonstrating United States military capabili-ties. (2) Military exercises with North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) allies enhance the interoperability and strategic credibility of the alliance. (3) The increase in conventional, nuclear, and hybrid threats by the Russian Federation against the security interests of the United States and allies in Europe requires substantial and sustained investment to improve United States combat capability in Europe. (4) The decline of a permanent United States military presence in Europe in recent years in-creases the likelihood the United States will rely on being able to flow forces from the continental United States to the European theater in the event of a major contingency. (5) Senior military leaders, including the Com-mander of United States Transportation Com-mand, have warned that a variety of increas-ingly advanced capabilities, especially the pro-liferation of anti-access, area denial (A2/AD) ca-pabilities, have given adversaries of the United States the ability to challenge the freedom of movement of the United States military in all domains from force deployment to employment to disrupt, delay, or deny operations. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, to enhance the European Deter-rence Initiative and bolster deterrence against Russian aggression, the United States, together with North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies and other European partners, should dem-onstrate its resolve and ability to meet its com-mitments under Article V of the North Atlantic Treaty through appropriate military exercises with an emphasis on participation of United States forces based in the continental United States and testing strategic and operational lo-gistics and transportation capabilities. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) An analysis of the challenges to the abil-ity of the United States to flow significant forces from the continental United States to the Euro-pean theater in the event of a major contin-gency. (B) The plans of the Department of Defense, including the conduct of military exercises, to address such challenges. (2) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 6214. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE EURO-PEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the European Deterrence Initiative will bolster efforts to deter further Russian aggres-sion by providing resources to— (A) train and equip the military forces of North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and non-North Atlantic Treaty Organization partners in order to improve responsiveness, ex-pand expeditionary capability, and strengthen combat effectiveness across the spectrum of se-curity environments; (B) enhance the indications and warning, interoperability, and logistics capabilities of Al-lied and partner military forces to increase their ability to respond to external aggression, defend sovereignty and territorial integrity, and pre-serve regional stability; (C) improve the agility and flexibility of mili-tary forces required to address threats across the full spectrum of domains and effectively operate in a wide array of coalition operations across diverse global environments from North Africa and the Middle East to Eastern Europe and the Arctic; and (D) mitigate potential gaps forming in the areas of information warfare, Anti-Access Area Denial, and force projection; (2) investments that support the security and stability of Europe, and that assist European nations in further developing their security ca-pabilities, are in the long-term vital national se-curity interests of the United States; and (3) funds for such efforts should be authorized and appropriated in the base budget of the De-partment of Defense in order to ensure contin-ued and planned funding to address long-term stability in Europe, reassure the European allies and partners of the United States, and deter further Russian aggression. 
SEC. 6215. ENHANCEMENT OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250(b) of National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 126 Stat. 1068), as amended by section 1237(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2495), is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(12) Treatment of wounded Ukrainian sol-diers in the United States in medical treatment facilities through the Secretarial Designee Pro-gram, including transportation, lodging, meals, and other appropriate non-medical support in connection with such treatment, and education 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6072 September 25, 2017 
and training for Ukrainian healthcare special-ists such that they can provide continuing care and rehabilitation services for wounded Ukrain-ian soldiers. ‘‘(13) Air defense and coastal defense radars. ‘‘(14) Naval mine and counter-mine capabili-ties. ‘‘(15) Littoral-zone and coastal defense ves-sels.’’. 
SEC. 6216. ASSESSMENT OF THE EXPANDING GLOBAL INFLUENCE OF CHINA AND ITS IMPACT ON THE NATIONAL SE-CURITY INTERESTS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract or other agreement with an appropriate entity independent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assess-ment of the foreign military and non-military influence of the People’s Republic of China which could affect the regional and global na-tional security and defense interests of the United States. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The assessment required by subsection (a) shall include an evaluation of the following: (1) The expansion by China of military and non-military means of influence in the Indo- Asia-Pacific region and globally, including, in-frastructure investments, influence campaigns, loans, access to military equipment, military training, tourism, media, and access to foreign ports and military bases, and whether such means of influence could affect United States national security or defense interests, including operational access. (2) The implications, if any, of such means of influence for the military force posture, access, training, and logistics of the United States and China. (3) The United States policy and strategy for mitigating any harmful effects resulting from such means of influence. (4) The resources required to implement the policy and strategy, and the plan to address and mitigate any gaps in capabilities or re-sources necessary for the implementation of the policy and strategy. (5) Measures to bolster the roles of allies, part-ners, and other countries to implement the pol-icy and strategy. (6) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the assessment required pursuant to subsection (a). (2) F
ORM.—The report required shall be sub-mitted unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 6217. INEFFECTIVENESS OF EXPANSION OF MILITARY-TO-MILITARY ENGAGE-MENT WITH THE GOVERNMENT OF BURMA. 
Section 1262 of this Act shall have no force or effect. TITLE LXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
SEC. 6601. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON USE OF INTERGOVERNMENTAL PERSONNEL ACT MOBILITY PROGRAM AND DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMA-TION TECHNOLOGY EXCHANGE PRO-GRAM TO OBTAIN PERSONNEL WITH CYBER SKILLS AND ABILITIES FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Department of Defense should fully use the Intergovernmental Personnel Act Mobil-ity Program (IPAMP) and the Department of Defense Information Technology Exchange Pro-gram (ITEP) to obtain cyber personnel across the Government by leveraging cyber capabilities found at the State and local government level and in the private sector in order to meet the needs of the Department for cybersecurity pro-fessionals; and (2) the Department should implement at the earliest practicable date a strategy that includes policies and plans to fully use such programs to obtain such personnel for the Department. SEC. 6602. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ESTAB-LISHING AN AWARD PROGRAM FOR THE CYBER COMMUNITY OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should consider— (1) establishing an award program for employ-ees of the Department of Defense who carry out the cyber missions or functions of the Depart-ment of Defense; (2) all award options under law or policy, in-cluding compensation, time off, and status awards; (3) awards based upon operational impact and meritorious service; (4) providing the largest possible opportunity for such members or employees to earn such re-wards without regard to type of position, grade, years of service, experience or past performance; (5) individual and organization rewards; and (6) other factors, as the Secretary considers appropriate, that would reward and provide in-centive to cyber personnel or organizations. 
SEC. 6603. REVIEW OF UNITED STATES NUCLEAR AND RADIOLOGICAL TERRORISM PREVENTION STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academy of Sciences to assess and recommend improvements to the strategies of the United States for preventing, countering, and responding to nuclear and radiological ter-rorism, specifically terrorism involving the use of nuclear weapons, improvised nuclear devices, or radiological dispersal or exposure devices, or the sabotage of nuclear facilities. (b) R
EVIEW .—The assessment conducted under subsection (a) shall address the adequacy of the strategies of the United States described in that subsection and identify technical, policy, and resource gaps with respect to— (1) identifying national and international nu-clear and radiological terrorism risks and crit-ical emerging threats; (2) preventing state and non-state actors from acquiring the technologies, materials, and crit-ical expertise needed to mount nuclear or radio-logical attacks; (3) countering efforts by state and non-state actors to mount such attacks; (4) responding to nuclear and radiological ter-rorism incidents to attribute their origin and help manage their consequences; and (5) other important matters identified by the National Academy of Sciences that are directly relevant to those strategies. (c) R
ECOMMENDATIONS .—The assessment con-ducted under subsection (a) shall include rec-ommendations to the Secretary of Energy, Con-gress, and such other Federal entities as the Na-tional Academy of Sciences considers appro-priate, for preventing, countering, and respond-ing to nuclear and radiological terrorism, in-cluding recommendations for— (1) closing technical, policy, or resource gaps; (2) improving cooperation and appropriate in-tegration among Federal entities and Federal, State, and tribal governments; (3) improving cooperation between the United States and other countries and international or-ganizations; and (4) other important matters identified by the National Academy of Sciences that are directly relevant to the strategies of the United States described in subsection (a). (d) L
IAISONS .—The Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, and the Direc-tor of National Intelligence shall appoint appro-priate liaisons to the National Academy of Sciences with respect to supporting the timely conduct of the assessment required by sub-section (a). (e) ACCESS TO MATERIALS .—The Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, and the Director of National Intelligence shall provide access to the National Academy of Sciences to materials relevant to the assessment required by subsection (a). (f) C
LEARANCES .—The Secretary of Energy and the Director of National Intelligence shall ensure that appropriate members and staff of the National Academy of Sciences have the nec-essary clearances, obtained in an expedited manner, to conduct the assessment required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 6604. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) Space is a warfighting domain. (2) Deterrence of adversaries of the United States, preserving the space domain, and de-fending against threats to space systems re-quires coordination across the Department of Defense, including the military departments, and the intelligence community. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the National Space Defense Center is crit-ical to defending and securing the space domain in order to protect all United States assets in space; (2) integration between the intelligence com-munity and the Department of Defense within the National Space Defense Center is essential to detecting, assessing, and reacting to evolving space threats; and (3) the Department of Defense, including the military departments, and the elements of the intelligence community should seek ways to bol-ster integration with respect to space threats through work at the National Space Defense Center. (c) I
NTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). 
SEC. 6605. PROHIBITION ON ESTABLISHMENT OF MILITARY DEPARTMENT OR CORPS SEPARATE FROM OR SUBORDINATE TO THE CURRENT MILITARY DE-PARTMENTS. 
No funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise available for fiscal year 2018 for the Department of Defense may be used to establish a military department or corps sepa-rate from or subordinate to the current military departments, including a Space Corps in the De-partment of the Air Force, or a similar such corps in any other military department. 
SEC. 6606. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION ON IRON DOME SHORT-RANGE ROCKET DE-FENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI COOP-ERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PRO-GRAM. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1651(c) shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 6607. REPORT ON INTEGRATION OF MOD-ERNIZATION AND SUSTAINMENT OF NUCLEAR TRIAD. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) On January 27, 2017, President Donald Trump issued a Presidential Memorandum on Rebuilding the United States Armed Forces, which emphasized the need for a ‘‘modern, ro-bust, flexible, resilient, ready, and appropriately tailored’’ nuclear deterrent. (2) On January 31, 2017, Secretary of Defense James Mattis issued a memorandum entitled ‘‘Implementation Guidance for Budget Direc-tives in the National Security Presidential Memorandum on Rebuilding the U.S. Armed Forces’’, which called for ‘‘an ambitious reform agenda, which will include horizontal integra-tion across DoD components to improve effi-ciency and take advantage of economies of scale’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6073 September 25, 2017 
(b) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Tech-nology, and Logistics (or a successor in the Of-fice of the Secretary of Defense with responsi-bility for acquisition programs), in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy and the Sec-retary of the Air Force, shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report on the potential to achieve greater efficiency by inte-grating elements of acquisition programs related to the modernization and sustainment of the nu-clear triad. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by para-graph (1) shall, at a minimum— (A) identify any opportunities for improved ef-ficiency in program management, cost, and schedule to be created by increasing integration, co-location, and commonality between the stra-tegic deterrent programs and their systems, sub-systems, technologies, and engineering proc-esses; and (B) identify any risks to program manage-ment, cost, and schedule, as well as mission and capability, created by the opportunities identi-fied under subparagraph (A). (3) F
ORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in classified form, but with an unclassified summary. 
SEC. 6608. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE CRITICAL TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT OR SERVICES OBTAINED FROM SUP-PLIERS CLOSELY LINKED TO A LEAD-ING CYBER-THREAT ACTOR. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on any critical telecommuni-cations equipment, technologies, or services ob-tained or used by the Department of Defense or its contractors or subcontrators that is— (1) manufactured by a foreign supplier, or a contractor or subcontractor of such supplier, that is closely linked to a leading cyber-threat actor; or (2) from an entity that incorporates or utilizes information technology manufactured by a for-eign supplier, or a contractor or subcontractor of such supplier, that is closely linked to a lead-ing cyber-threat actor. (b) F
ORM.—The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘leading cyber-threat actor’’ means a country identified as a leading threat actor in cyberspace in the report entitled ‘‘Worldwide Threat Assessment of the US Intel-ligence Community’’, dated May 11, 2017, and includes the People’s Republic of China, the Is-lamic Republic of Iran, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and the Russian Federation. (2) The term ‘‘closely linked’’, with respect to a foreign supplier, contractor, or subcontrator and a leading cyber-threat actor, means the for-eign supplier, contractor, or subcontractor— (A) has ties to the military forces of such actor; (B) has ties to the intelligence services of such actor; (C) is the beneficiary of significant low inter-est or no-interest loans, loan forgiveness, or other support of such actor; or (D) is incorporated or headquartered in the territory of such actor. TITLE LXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 7801. CERTIFICATION RELATED TO CERTAIN ACQUISITIONS OR LEASES OF REAL PROPERTY. 
Section 2662(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, as well as the certification described in paragraph (5).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) For purposes of paragraph (2), the certifi-cation described in this paragraph with respect to an acquisition or lease of real property is a certification that the Secretary concerned— ‘‘(A) evaluated the feasibility of using space in property under the jurisdiction of the Depart-ment of Defense to satisfy the purposes of the acquisition or lease; and ‘‘(B) determined that— ‘‘(i) space in property under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense is not reasonably available to be used to satisfy the purposes of the acquisition or lease; ‘‘(ii) acquiring the property or entering into the lease would be more cost-effective than the use of the Department of Defense property; or ‘‘(iii) the use of the Department of Defense property would interfere with the ongoing mili-tary mission of the property.’’. SEC. 7802. ENERGY SECURITY FOR MILITARY IN-STALLATIONS IN EUROPE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) United States military installations in Eu-rope are potentially vulnerable to supply disrup-tions from foreign governments, especially the Government of the Russian Federation, which could use control of energy supplies in a hostile or weaponized manner. (2) The Government of the Russian Federation has previously shown its willingness to aggres-sively use energy supplies as a weapon to pres-sure foreign nations, including Ukraine. (b) A
UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate measures, to the extent practicable, to— (1) reduce the dependency of all United States military installations in Europe on energy sourced inside Russia; and (2) ensure that all United States military in-stallations in Europe are able to sustain oper-ations in the event of a supply disruption. (c) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—Not later than December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the congressional defense com-mittees whether or not every United States mili-tary installation in Europe— (1) is dependent to the minimum extent prac-ticable on energy sourced inside the Russian Federation; and (2) has the ability to sustain operations dur-ing an energy supply disruption. (d) B
RIEFING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Sec-retary of Defense shall brief the congressional defense committees on progress in achieving the goals described in subsection (b), including— (1) an assessment of the operational risks of energy supply disruptions; (2) a description of mitigation measures identi-fied to address such operational risks; (3) an assessment of the feasibility, estimated costs, and schedule of diversified energy solu-tions; and (4) an assessment of the minimum practicable usage of energy sourced inside Russia on United States military installations in Europe. (e) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees and make publicly available an interim report on progress in achieving the goals described in subsection (b), including the assessments described in para-graphs (1) through (4) of subsection (d). (f) D
EFINITION OF ENERGY SOURCED INSIDE  R
USSIA .—In this section, the term ‘‘energy sourced inside Russia’’ means energy that is produced, owned, or facilitated by companies that are located in the Russian Federation or owned or controlled by the Government of the Russian Federation. 
SEC. 7803. LAND CONVEYANCE, MOUNTAIN HOME AIR FORCE BASE, IDAHO. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Air Force may convey to the City of Mountain Home, Idaho (in this section referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, con-sisting of approximately 4.25 miles of railroad spur located near Mountain Home Air Force Base, Idaho, as further described in subsection (c), for the purpose of economic development. (b) CONSIDERATION .— (1) C
ONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consider-ation for the land conveyed under subsection (a), the City shall pay to the Secretary an amount equal to the fair market value of the land, as determined by an appraisal approved by the Secretary. The City shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary, whether by cash payment, in-kind consideration as described under paragraph (2), or a combina-tion thereof. (2) I
N-KIND CONSIDERATION .—In-kind consid-eration provided by the City under paragraph (1) may include the acquisition, construction, provision, improvement, maintenance, repair, or restoration (including environmental restora-tion), or combination thereof, of any facility or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Sec-retary. (3) T
REATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RECEIVED .— Consideration in the form of cash payment re-ceived by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the separate fund in the Treasury described in section 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) M
AP AND LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— (1) F
INALIZING LEGAL DESCRIPTIONS .—As soon as practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall fi-nalize a map and the legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a). (2) M
INOR ERRORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may correct any minor errors in the map or the legal description. (3) A
VAILABILITY .—The map and legal de-scription shall be on file and available for public inspection. (d) P
AYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) P
AYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the City to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Sec-retary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for envi-ronmental documentation, and any other ad-ministrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the City in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the con-veyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the City. (2) T
REATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reim-bursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Sec-retary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limita-tions, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) U
SERESERVATION .—The Secretary may re-serve a right to temporarily use, for urgent rea-sons of national defense and at no cost to the United States, all or a portion of the railroad spur conveyed under subsection (a). (f) A
DDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the convey-ance under subsection (a) as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6074 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 7804. ANNUAL LOCALITY ADJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR THRESHOLDS APPLICABLE TO UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORITIES. 
Section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) A
DJUSTMENT OF DOLLAR LIMITATIONS FOR  L
OCATION .—Each fiscal year, the Secretary con-cerned shall adjust the dollar limitations speci-fied in this section applicable to an unspecified minor military construction project inside the United States to reflect the area construction cost index for military construction projects published by the Department of Defense during the prior fiscal year for the location of the project.’’. TITLE LXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 8101. ALBUQUERQUE COMPLEX UPGRADES CONSTRUCTION PROJECT. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsection (b) is enacted in coordination with section 3101, to which it relates. (b) M
ODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TOCARRY  O
UTALBUQUERQUE COMPLEX UPGRADES CON-
STRUCTION PROJECT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Administrator for Nu-clear Security may enter into an incrementally funded contract for Project 16–D–515, the Albu-querque Complex upgrades construction project, Albuquerque, New Mexico. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total cost for the Albu-querque Complex upgrades construction project may not exceed $174,700,000. (3) F
UNDING OF INCREMENTS .— (A) I
NCREMENT 1 .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by section 3101 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2754) for fiscal year 2017 and available for Project 16–D–515 as specified in the funding table in section 4701 of that Act (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2890) shall be deemed to be an amount authorized to be appropriated for increment 1 of the Albu-querque Complex upgrades construction project. (B) I
NCREMENT 2 .—The amount authorized to be appropriated by this section for fiscal year 2018 and available for Project 16–D–515 as speci-fied in the funding table in section 4701 of this Act shall be available for increment 2 of the Al-buquerque Complex upgrades construction project. TITLE LXXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD 
SEC. 8201. AUTHORIZATION. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subsections (b) and (c) are enacted in coordination with section 3201, to which they relate. (b) C
ERTIFICATION OF SUFFICIENCY OF BUDGET  R
EQUESTS .—Not later than 10 days after the date on which the budget of the President for a fiscal year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a letter— (1) certifying that the requested budget is suf-ficient for the conduct of the safety reviews that the Board intends to conduct in that fiscal year; or (2) if the Board is unable to make the certifi-cation described in paragraph (1), including a list of such reviews and the estimated level of additional funding required to conduct such re-views. (c) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board was chartered by Congress with an im-portant mission to provide independent rec-ommendations and advice to the President and the Secretary of Energy to protect public health and employee safety at defense nuclear facilities of the Department of Energy; (2) the role of the Board has necessarily evolved as the mission of the Department has changed over time, but the Board will continue to be vitally important as the Department con-tinues major efforts to modernize the nuclear weapons stockpile and update its infrastructure in the 21st century; and (3) any significant change to the Board and its mission can only be considered by the Board as a whole with oversight by Congress and re-quires legislative changes approved by Congress. DIVISION F—FURTHER ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS TITLE CI—PROCUREMENT SEC. 10101. INTERIM COMBAT SERVICE RIFLE. 
(a) A CQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of the Army is authorized to expedite acquiring a commercially available off-the-shelf item, non- developmental item, or Government-off-the-shelf materiel solution for an Interim Combat Service Rifle for purposes of defeating the evolving threat that has placed the United States Armed Forces at increased risk. (b) A
CCELERATION OF RELATED PROGRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—To ensure a complete capa-bility is fielded simultaneously with the acquisi-tion program authorized under subsection (a), the Secretary is also authorized to use funding under the program to accelerate by one year the Squad Designated Marksman Rifle program and by two years the Advanced Armor Piercing am-munition program. (2) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The authority under this subsection does not supersede the re-quirement to develop a Next Generation Squad Weapon. TITLE CII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION 
SEC. 10201. SUPPORT FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AND ENTREPRE-NEURIAL EDUCATION. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) The ability of the Department of Defense to respond to national security challenges would benefit by increased workforce exposure to, and understanding of, modern problem-solving tech-niques and innovative methodologies. (2) Presenting national security problems to universities and education centers will increase diverse stakeholder participation in the rapid development of solutions to national security challenges and improve Department of Defense recruitment of young technologists and engi-neers with critical skill sets, including cyber ca-pabilities. (3) National security innovation and entrepre-neurial education would provide a unique path-way for veterans, Federal employees, and mili-tary personnel to leverage their training, experi-ence, and expertise to solve emerging national security challenges while learning cutting-edge business innovation methodologies. (4) The benefits to be derived from supporting national security innovation and entrepre-neurial education programs include— (A) enabling veterans and members of the Armed Forces to apply their battlefield knowl-edge in a team environment to develop innova-tive solutions to some of the United States’ most challenging national security problems; (B) encouraging students, university faculty, veterans, and other technologists and engineers to develop new and vital skill sets to solve real- world national security challenges while intro-ducing them to public service opportunities; and (C) providing an alternative pathway for the Department of Defense to achieve critical agen-cy objectives, such as acquisition reform and the rapid deployment of new and essential capabili-ties to America’s warfighters. (b) S
UPPORT AUTHORIZED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, acting through the Under Secretary of De-fense for Research and Engineering, support na-tional security innovation and entrepreneurial education programs. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Support under paragraph (1) may include the following: (A) Materials to recruit participants, includ-ing veterans, for programs described in para-graph (1). (B) Model curriculum for such programs. (C) Training materials for such programs. (D) Best practices for the conduct of such pro-grams. (E) Experimental learning opportunities for program participants to interact with oper-ational forces and better understand national security challenges. (F) Exchanges and partnerships with Depart-ment of Defense science and technology activi-ties. (G) Activities consistent with the Proof of Concept Commercialization Pilot Program estab-lished under section 1603 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note). (c) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out sub-section (b), the Secretary may consult with the heads of such Federal agencies, universities, and public and private entities engaged in the development of advanced technologies as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) A
UTHORITIES .—The Secretary may— (1) develop and maintain metrics to assess na-tional security innovation and entrepreneurial education activities to ensure standards for pro-grams supported under subsection (b) are con-sistent and being met; and (2) ensure that any recipient of an award under the Small Business Technology Transfer program, the Small Business Innovation Re-search program, and science and technology programs of the Department of Defense has the option to participate in training under a na-tional security innovation and entrepreneurial education program supported under subsection (b). (e) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL EMPLOYEES  
AND MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES .—The Secretary may encourage Federal employees and members of the Armed Forces to participate in a national security innovation and entrepre-neurial education program supported under sub-section (b) in order to gain exposure to modern innovation and entrepreneurial methodologies. 
SEC. 10202. INEFFECTIVENESS OF CODIFICATION AND ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORI-TIES TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR DE-FENSE LABORATORIES FOR RE-SEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MIS-SIONS. 
Section 212 shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 10203. CODIFICATION AND ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES TO PROVIDE FUNDS FOR DEFENSE LABORA-TORIES FOR RESEARCH AND DEVEL-OPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2362 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2363. Mechanisms to provide funds for de-fense laboratories for research and develop-ment of technologies for military missions ‘‘(a) M
ECHANISMS TOPROVIDE FUNDS.—(1) The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall establish mechanisms under which the di-rector of a defense laboratory may use an amount of funds equal to not less than two per-cent and not more than four percent of all funds available to the defense laboratory for the fol-lowing purposes: ‘‘(A) To fund innovative basic and applied re-search that is conducted at the defense labora-tory and supports military missions. ‘‘(B) To fund development programs that sup-port the transition of technologies developed by the defense laboratory into operational use. ‘‘(C) To fund workforce development activities that improve the capacity of the defense labora-tory to recruit and retain personnel with nec-essary scientific and engineering expertise that support military missions. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6075 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(D) To fund the repair or minor military con-struction of the laboratory infrastructure and equipment, in accordance with subsection (b). ‘‘(2) The mechanisms established under para-graph (1) shall provide that funding shall be used under paragraph (1) at the discretion of the director of a defense laboratory in consulta-tion with the science and technology executive of the military department concerned. ‘‘(3) After consultation with the science and technology executive of the military department concerned, the director of a defense laboratory may charge customer activities a fixed percent-age fee, in addition to normal costs of perform-ance, in order to obtain funds to carry out ac-tivities authorized by this subsection. The fixed fee may not exceed four percent of costs. ‘‘(b) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR INFRASTRUC -
TURE PROJECTS .—Funds shall be available in ac-cordance with subsection (a)(1)(D) only if— ‘‘(1) the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of the total cost of the project before the date on which the Secretary uses the mechanism under such subsection for such project; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary ensures that the project complies with the applicable cost limitations in— ‘‘(A) section 2805(d) of this title, with respect to revitalization and recapitalization projects; and ‘‘(B) section 2811 of this title, with respect to repair projects. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT ON USE OF AUTHORITY .— Not later than March 1 of each year, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the use of the authority under subsection (a) during the preceding year.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relat-ing to section 2362 the following new item: ‘‘2363. Mechanisms to provide funds for defense laboratories for research and de-velopment of technologies for mili-tary missions.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 219 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note), is hereby repealed. (2) Section 2805(d)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘under sec-tion 219(a) of the Duncan Hunter National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2363(a) of this title’’. 
SEC. 10204. ANNUAL REPORT ON UNFUNDED RE-QUIREMENTS FOR LABORATORY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees each year, at the time the budget of the President for the fiscal year beginning in such year is submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a reporting listing unfunded requirements on major and minor military construction projects for Department of Defense science and technology laboratories and facilities and test evaluation facilities. 
SEC. 10205. VERY-LOW PROFILE HARDWARE TO INTERACT WITH THE MOBILE USER OBJECTIVE SYSTEM AND OTHER SYS-TEMS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL FUNDING .—The amount au-thorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation is hereby increased by $8,000,000, with the amount of the increase to be available for the Joint Tactical Information Distribution System (PE 0604771D8Z). (b) A
VAILABILITY .—The amount available under subsection (a) shall be available for the Secretary of Defense to study and demonstrate very-low profile hardware, such as antennas and chipsets, with software, encryption, and cyber and network management tools necessary to interact with the Mobile User Objective Sys-tem (MUOS) and other systems that are consid-ered part of the Internet of things to provide command, control, communications, and cyber restoral capabilities. (c) OFFSET .—The amount authorized to be ap-propriated for fiscal year 2018 by section 301 for operation and maintenance is hereby decreased by $8,000,000, with the amount of the decrease to be applied as an increase to the reduction from fuel savings in the funding table in section 4301. TITLE CIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
SEC. 10301. REPORT ON RELEASE OF RADIUM OR RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL INTO THE GROUNDWATER NEAR THE INDUS-TRIAL RESERVE PLANT IN BETHPAGE, NEW YORK. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress an addendum to the re-port submitted to Congress in June 2017 entitled ‘‘2017 Annual Report For Groundwater Impacts at Naval Weapons Industrial Reserve Plant Bethpage, New York’’ that would detail any re-leases by the Department of Defense of radium or radioactive material into the groundwater within a 75-mile radius of the industrial reserve plant in Bethpage, New York. 
SEC. 10302. SENSE ON CONGRESS ON THE SMALL TURBINE ENGINE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The United States small turbine engine in-dustry has been innovating, developing, pro-ducing, and sustaining small gas turbine en-gines in a competitive market for more than 75 years. (2) The United States small turbine engine in-dustrial base has made the United States the knowledge leader in low cost, no maintenance engine designs with unmatched field reliability. (3) The United States small turbine engine in-dustrial base is at a critical juncture, as military requirements have tapered and missile programs, in misguided attempts to save money, are nar-rowing production contracts to a single vendor causing two of the three existing small turbine engine manufacturers to go out of business. (4) The departure of these companies from the United States small turbine engine industry will leave only one viable, proven source for small turbine engines for the Department of Defense. (5) In 2016, a number of engine failures were encountered that severely diminished the throughput of the F107–WR–101 engine mainte-nance process for the AGM–86 Air Launched Cruise Missile (ALCM), thereby putting the weapon system at major readiness risk. (6) The narrowing of the United States small turbine engine industrial base would leave the Department with a sole source United States supplier resulting in a loss of manufacturing and testing capability that would be extremely detrimental to both the United States industrial base and national security by creating a single point of failure, increasing engine procurement and testing prices by eliminating competition, raising new engine development and air vehicle program risk, and eliminating capabilities and expertise that would require decades and mil-lions of dollars to reconstitute. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that the Department of Defense should— (1) allocate sufficient funding to properly sus-tain the F107 turbine engine in order to ensure this vital weapon is viable until a replacement is fielded; and (2) contract with multiple, capable engine manufacturers to stabilize and revitalize the United States small turbine engine industrial base. 
SEC. 10303. REPORT ON OPTIMIZATION OF TRAIN-ING IN AND MANAGEMENT OF SPE-CIAL USE AIRSPACE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bases, Ranges, and Airspace Di-rectorate of the Air Force shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, submit to Congress a report on optimization of training in and management of special use airspace that includes the following: (1) Best practices for the management of spe-cial use airspace including such practices that— (A) result in cost savings relating to training; (B) increase training opportunities for airmen; (C) increase joint use of such airspace; (D) improve coordination with respect to such airspace with— (i) the Federal Aviation Administration; (ii) Indian tribes; and (iii) private landowners and other stake-holders; or (E) improve the coordination of large force ex-ercises, including the use of waivers or other ex-ceptional measures. (2) An assessment of whether the capacity of ranges, including limitations on flight oper-ations, is adequate to meet current and future training needs. (3) An assessment of whether the establish-ment of a dedicated squadron for the purpose of coordinating the use of a special use airspace at the installation located in that airspace would improve the achievement of the objectives de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1). (4) Recommendations for improving the man-agement and utilization of special use airspace to meet the objectives described in subpara-graphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1) and to address any gaps in capacity identified under paragraph (2). (b) SPECIAL USEAIRSPACE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘special use airspace’’ means special use airspace designated under part 73 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 10304. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL STUDY ON HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER- AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section is enacted in coordination with section 343. (b) E
XPOSURE ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services, acting through the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry and in consultation with the Department of Defense, shall conduct an exposure assessment of no less than 8 current or former domestic military in-stallations known to have per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamina-tion in drinking water, ground water, and any other sources of water and relevant exposure vectors. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The exposure assessment re-quired under this subsection shall— (A) include— (i) for each military installation covered under the exposure assessment, a statistical sample to be determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services in consultation with the rel-evant State health departments; and (ii) bio-monitoring for assessing the contami-nation described in paragraph (1); and (B) produce findings, which shall be— (i) used to help design the study described in 343(a)(1); and (ii) released to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 1 year after the con-clusion of such exposure assessment. (3) T
IMING .—The exposure assessment re-quired under this subsection shall— (A) begin not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) conclude not later than 2 years after such date of enactment. TITLE CV—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY 
SEC. 10501. FLEXIBILITY IN PROMOTION OF DEP-UTY JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL OF THE AIR FORCE. 
(a) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—This section is enacted in coordination with section 504. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00203 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6076 September 25, 2017 
(b) D EPUTY JUDGE ADVOCATE OF THE AIR F
ORCE.—Section 8037(e) of title 10, United States Code,, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary of the Air Force elects to convene a selection board under section 611(a) of this title to consider eligible officers for selec-tion to appointment as Deputy Judge Advocate General, the Secretary may, in connection with such consideration for selection— ‘‘(A) treat any section in chapter 36 of this title referring to promotion to the next higher grade as if such section referred to promotion to a higher grade; and ‘‘(B) waive section 619(a)(2) of this title if the Secretary determines that the needs of the Air Force require the waiver.’’. 
SEC. 10502. INEFFECTIVENESS OF PILOT PRO-GRAM ON INTEGRATION OF DEPART-MENT OF DEFENSE AND NON-FED-ERAL EFFORTS FOR CIVILIAN EM-PLOYMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOLLOWING TRANSI-TION FROM ACTIVE DUTY TO CIVIL-IAN LIFE. 
Section 546 shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 10503. PILOT PROGRAM ON INTEGRATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND NON-FEDERAL EFFORTS FOR CIVIL-IAN EMPLOYMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOLLOWING TRANSITION FROM ACTIVE DUTY TO CIVILIAN LIFE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a pilot program to assess the feasability and advisability of assisting members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) who are undergoing the transition from active duty in the Armed Forces to civilian life by ac-celerating and improving their access to employ-ment following their transition to civilian life through the coordination, integration, and leveraging of existing programs and authorities of the Department of Defense for such purposes with programs and resources of State and local agencies, institutions of higher education, em-ployers, and other public, private, and nonprofit entities applicable to the pilot program. (2) E
XISTING COMMUNITY PROGRAMS AND RE -
SOURCES .—For purposes of this section, existing programs and resources of State and local agen-cies, institutions of higher education, employers, and other public, private, and nonprofit entities described in paragraph (1) in the vicinity of a location of the pilot program are referred to as the ‘‘existing community programs and re-sources’’ in that vicinity. (b) G
OALS.—The goals of the pilot program shall be as follows: (1) To facilitate the coordination of existing community programs and resources in the loca-tions of the pilot program in order to identify a model for the coordination of such programs and authorities that can be replicated nation-wide in communities in which members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) are un-dergoing the transition from active duty to civil-ian life. (2) To identify mechanisms by which the De-partment of Defense and existing community programs and resources may work with employ-ers and members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in order to— (A) identify workforce needs that may be ful-filled by such members following their transition to civilian life; (B) identify military occupational skills that may satisfy the workforce needs identified pur-suant to subparagraph (A); and (C) identify gaps in the available pre-employ-ment testing and training of members of the Armed Forces that may require remediation in order to satisfy workforce needs identified pur-suant to subparagraph (A), and identify mecha-nisms by which members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) may receive testing or training to remediate such gaps. (3) To identify mechanisms to assist members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in bridging geographical gaps between their final military installations and nearby metro-politan areas in which employment and nec-essary training are likely to be available to such members during or following their transition to civilian life. (4) To provide workforce training, in coordi-nation with junior, community or technical col-leges in the vicinity of the locations of the pilot program, private industry, and nonprofit orga-nizations, for members of the Armed Forces par-ticipating in the pilot program to transition to jobs in the clean energy industry, including cyber and grid security, natural gas, solar, wind, and geothermal fields. (c) COVERED MEMBERS .—The members of the Armed Forces described in this subsection are the following: (1) Regular members of the Armed Forces who are within 180 days of discharge or release from the Armed Forces. (2) Members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces (whether National Guard or Re-serve) who are on active duty for a period of more than 365 days and are within 180 days of release from such active duty. (d) L
OCATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at not less than five loca-tions selected by the Secretary for purposes of the pilot program. (2) S
ELECTION REQUIREMENTS .—Each location selected pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) include a military installation— (i) that has a well-established military-civilian community relationship with the civilian com-munities nearby; and (ii) at which serves an appropriate population of members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c); (B) have a large employment or industry base that supports a variety of occupational opportu-nities; (C) have appropriate institutional infrastruc-ture for the provision of worker training; and (D) take place in a different geographic region of the United States. (e) E
LEMENTS .—At each location selected for the pilot program there shall be the following: (1) A mechanism to identify existing commu-nity programs and resources for participation in the pilot program, including programs and re-sources that are currently working with pro-grams and authorities of the Department of De-fense to assist members of the Armed Forces de-scribed in subsection (c), and, especially, pro-grams and resources that are recognized as en-gaging in best practices in working with such programs and authorities of the Department. (2) A mechanism to assess the willingness of employers in the vicinity of such location to participate in the pilot program and employ members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program following their transition to civilian life. (3) A mechanism to assess the willingness of the State in which such location is located to recognize military training for credit for profes-sional and occupational licenses. (4) A civilian community coordinator for the pilot program, who shall be responsible for im-plementation and execution of the pilot program for the Department, and for coordinating exist-ing community programs and resources, at such location by— (A) pursuing a multi-faceted outreach and en-gagement strategy that leverages relationships with appropriate public, private, and nonprofit entities in the vicinity of such location for pur-poses of the pilot program; (B) developing and implementing a program using existing public and private resources, in-frastructure, and experience to maximize the benefits of the pilot program for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program by minimizing the time required for completion of training provided to such members under the pilot program, which program shall— (i) compliment continuing Department efforts to assist members of the Armed Forces in their transition from active duty in the Armed Forces to civilian life and to coordinate with existing veteran employment programs for purposes of such efforts; (ii) provide for the cultivation of a network of partners among the entities described in sub-paragraph (A) in order to maximize the number of opportunities for civilian employment for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program following their transition to civilian life; (iii) provide for the use of comprehensive as-sessments of the military experience gained by members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program in order to assist them in ob-taining civilian employment relating to their military occupations following their transition to civilian life, and to determine the pre-employ-ment testing that could be readily added to vet-erans workforce training programs to assist in that effort; (iv) seek to secure for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program max-imum credit for prior military service in their pursuit of civilian employment following their transition to civilian life; (v) seek to eliminate unnecessary and redun-dant elements of the training provided for pur-poses of the pilot program to members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program; (vi) seek to minimize the time required for members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program in obtaining skills, creden-tials, pre-employment testing, or certifications required for civilian employment following their transition to civilian life; and (vii) provide for the continuous collection of data and feedback from employers in the vicin-ity of such location in order to tailor training provided to members of the Armed Forces for purposes of the pilot program to meet the needs of such employers. (5) A plan of action for delivering additional training and credentialing modules for members of the Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in order to seek to provide such members with skills that are in high demand in the vicinity and region of such location. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
NITIAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the commencement of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the Com-mittees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. The report shall include, for each lo-cation selected for the pilot program pursuant to subsection (d), the following: (A) A full description of the pilot program, in-cluding— (i) the number of members of the Armed Forces participating in the pilot program; (ii) the outreach to public, private, and non-profit entities conducted for purposes of the pilot program to encourage such entities to par-ticipate in the pilot program; (iii) the entities participating in the pilot pro-gram, set forth by employment sector; (iv) the number of members participating in the pilot program who obtained employment with an entity participating in the pilot pro-gram, set forth by employment sector; (v) a description of any additional training or pre-employment testing provided to members participating in the pilot program for purposes of the pilot program, including the amount of time required for such additional training or testing; and (vi) a description of the cost of the pilot pro-gram, including any cost borne by private enti-ties. (B) A current assessment of the effect of the pilot program on Department of Defense and community efforts to assist members of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00204 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6077 September 25, 2017 
Armed Forces described in subsection (c) in ob-taining civilian employment following their transition to civilian life. (2) F
INAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days be-fore the date on which the pilot program termi-nates, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an update of the re-port submitted under paragraph (1). (g) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize the Secretary to hire additional employees for the Department of Defense to carry out the pilot program. (h) T
ERMINATION .—The authority of the Sec-retary to carry out the pilot program shall ter-minate on the date that is two years after the date on which the pilot program commences. TITLE CVI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS 
SEC. 10601. SENSE OF SENATE ON THE USE BY EX-CHANGE STORES OF SMALL BUSI-NESSES AS SUPPLIERS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—The Senate makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) Exchange stores, as non-appropriated fund instrumentalities of the Department of Defense, are not required to give any preference to par-ticular vendors or suppliers. (2) Even so, exchange stores are uniquely po-sitioned to feature products from small busi-nesses, especially veteran-owned small busi-nesses. (b) S
ENSE OF SENATE .—It is the sense of the Senate to urge the Department to work with the military exchange services to develop strategies for featuring products of small businesses, par-ticularly products of veteran-owned small busi-nesses, in military exchange stores. 
SEC. 10602. GARNISHMENT TO SATISFY JUDG-MENT RENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY, SEXUALLY, OR EMOTIONALLY ABUS-ING A CHILD. 
(a) G ARNISHMENT AUTHORITY .—Section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by add-ing at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) G
ARNISHMENT TOSATISFY A JUDGMENT  R
ENDERED FOR PHYSICALLY , SEXUALLY , OREMO-
TIONALLY ABUSING A CHILD.—(1) Subject to paragraph (2), any payment of retired pay that would otherwise be made to a member shall be paid (in whole or in part) by the Secretary con-cerned to another person if and to the extent ex-pressly provided for in the terms of a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(2) A court order providing for the payment of child support or alimony or, with respect to a division of property, specifically providing for the payment of an amount of the disposable re-tired pay from a member to the spouse or a former spouse of the member, shall be given pri-ority over a child abuse garnishment order. The total amount of the disposable retired pay of a member payable under a child abuse garnish-ment order shall not exceed 25 percent of the member’s disposable retired pay. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘court order’ includes a child abuse garnishment order. ‘‘(4) In this subsection, the term ‘child abuse garnishment order’ means a final decree issued by a court that— ‘‘(A) is issued in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction of that court; and ‘‘(B) provides in the nature of garnishment for the enforcement of a judgment rendered against the member for physically, sexually, or emotion-ally abusing a child. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, a judg-ment rendered for physically, sexually, or emo-tionally abusing a child is any legal claim per-fected through a final enforceable judgment, which claim is based in whole or in part upon the physical, sexual, or emotional abuse of an individual under 18 years of age, whether or not that abuse is accompanied by other actionable wrongdoing, such as sexual exploitation or gross negligence. ‘‘(6) If the Secretary concerned is served with more than one court order with respect to the retired pay of a member, the disposable retired pay of the member shall be available to satisfy such court orders on a first-come, first-served basis, subject to the order of precedence speci-fied in paragraph (2), with any such process being satisfied out of such monies as remain after the satisfaction of all such processes which have been previously served. ‘‘(7) The Secretary concerned shall not be re-quired to vary normal pay and disbursement cy-cles for retired pay in order to comply with a child abuse garnishment order.’’. (b) APPLICATION OF AMENDMENT .—Subsection (l) of section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), shall apply with re-spect to a court order received by the Secretary concerned on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, regardless of the date of the court order. 
SEC. 10603. ELEMENT IN NEXT QUADRENNIAL RE-VIEW OF MILITARY COMPENSATION ON VALUE ASSIGNED BY MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO VARIOUS ASPECTS OF MILITARY COMPENSA-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall ensure that the first quadrennial review of the prin-cipals and concepts of the compensation system for members of the uniformed services under sec-tion 1008(b) of title 37, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act includes a review of the comparative value members of the Armed Forces assign to various aspects of mili-tary compensation, including immediate and de-ferred cash compensation and in-kind com-pensation. (b) S
URVEYS .—The review required by sub-section (a) shall be based on an analysis of one or more surveys, conducted for purposes of the review, of representative populations of members of the Armed Forces, including regular members of the Armed Forces and members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces. (c) I
NCLUSION IN REPORT .—The President shall include the results of the review required by subsection (a) in the first report submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1008(b) of title 37, after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE CVII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS 
SEC. 10701. REQUIREMENT FOR REIMBURSEMENT BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TO ENTITIES CARRYING OUT STATE VACCINATION PROGRAMS FOR COSTS OF VACCINES PROVIDED TO COVERED BENEFICIARIES. 
Section 719 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074g note) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
AU-
THORIZATION OF REIMBURSEMENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘
REIMBURSEMENT ’’; and (2) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
SEC. 10702. ELIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN HEALTH CARE BENEFITS OF MEMBERS OF THE SELECTED RESERVE ORDERED TO ACTIVE DUTY FOR PREPLANNED MISSIONS IN SUPPORT OF THE COM-BATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) P RE-MOBILIZATION HEALTH CARE.—Section 1074(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a contin-gency operation under’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or’’. (b) T
RANSITIONAL HEALTH CARE.—Section 1145(a)(2)(B) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘in support of a contingency operation’’ and in-serting ‘‘under section 12304b of this title or a provision of law referred to in section 101(a)(13)(B) of this title’’. TITLE CVIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, AC-QUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RE-LATED MATTERS 
SEC. 10801. RESPONSIBILITIES OF COMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES. 
Section 4(h) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 633(h)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) C
OMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTA -
TIVES .— ‘‘(1) DUTIES .—The principal duties of a com-mercial market representative employed by the Administrator and reporting to the senior offi-cial appointed by the Administrator with re-sponsibilities under sections 8, 15, 31, and 36 (or the designee of the official) shall be to advance the policies established in section 8(d)(1) relat-ing to subcontracting, including— ‘‘(A) helping prime contractors to find small business concerns that are capable of per-forming subcontracts; ‘‘(B) for contractors awarded contracts con-taining the clause described in section 8(d)(3), providing— ‘‘(i) counseling on the responsibility of the contractor to maximize subcontracting opportu-nities for small business concerns; ‘‘(ii) instruction on methods and tools to iden-tify potential subcontractors that are small busi-ness concerns; and ‘‘(iii) assistance to increase awards to sub-contractors that are small business concerns through visits, training, and reviews of past per-formance; ‘‘(C) providing counseling on how a small business concern may promote the capacity of the small business concern to contractors awarded contracts containing the clause de-scribed in section 8(d)(3); and ‘‘(D) conducting periodic reviews of contrac-tors awarded contracts containing the clause described in section 8(d)(3) to assess compliance with subcontracting plans required under sec-tion 8(d)(6). ‘‘(2) C
ERTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Consistent with the re-quirements of subparagraph (B), a commercial market representative referred to in section 15(q)(3) shall have a Level I Federal Acquisition Certification in Contracting (or any successor certification) or the equivalent Department of Defense certification. ‘‘(B) D
ELAY OF CERTIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENT .—The certification described in subpara-graph (A) is not required— ‘‘(i) for any person serving as a commercial market representative on the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, until the date that is 1 cal-endar year after the date on which the person was appointed as a commercial market rep-resentative; or ‘‘(ii) for any person serving as a commercial market representative on or before November 25, 2015, until November 25, 2020. ‘‘(3) J
OB POSTING REQUIREMENTS .—The duties and certification requirements described in this subsection shall be included in any initial job posting for the position of a commercial market representative.’’. 
SEC. 10802. MODIFICATION TO THE HUBZONE PROGRAM. 
Section 3(p)(4)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(p)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘until the later of’’ and all that follows and in-serting ‘‘for the 7-year period following the date on which the census tract or nonmetropolitan county ceased to be so qualified.’’. 
SEC. 10803. REPORT ON DEFENSE CONTRACTING FRAUD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on defense contracting fraud. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A summary of fraud-related criminal con-victions and civil judgements or settlements over the previous five fiscal years. (2) A listing of contractors that within the previous five fiscal years performed contracts for the Department of Defense and were debarred or suspended from Federal contracting based on a criminal conviction for fraud. (3) An assessment of the total value of Depart-ment of Defense contracts entered into during 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 08:07 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00205 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6078 September 25, 2017 
the previous five fiscal years with contractors that have been indicted for, settled charges of, been fined by any Federal department or agency for, or been convicted of fraud in connection with any contract or other transaction entered into with the Federal Government. (4) Recommendations by the Inspector General of the Department of Defense or other appro-priate Department of Defense official regarding how to penalize contractors repeatedly involved in fraud in connection with contracts or other transactions entered into with the Federal Gov-ernment, including an update on implementa-tion by the Department of any previous such recommendations. 
SEC. 10804. GOVERNMENT MICRO-PURCHASE THRESHOLD MATTERS. 
(a) I NCREASE IN THRESHOLD .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$3,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (b) C
ONVENIENCE CHECKS .—A convenience check may not be used for an amount in excess of one half of the micro-purchase threshold under section 1902(a) of title 41, United States Code, or a lower amount set by the head of the agency. Use of convenience checks shall comply with controls prescribed in Office of Manage-ment and Budget Circular A–123, Appendix B. TITLE CIX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT 
SEC. 10901. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RE-QUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH THE ORGANIZATION OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR MAN-AGEMENT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the im-plementation of section 922 of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2354) and the amendments made by that section (in this sec-tion collectively referred to as the ‘‘covered au-thority’’). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) A statement of the responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Oper-ations and Low Intensity Conflict that is con-sistent with the covered authority, including an identification of any responsibilities to be di-vested by the Assistant Secretary pursuant to the covered authority. (2) A resource-unconstrained analysis of man-power requirements necessary to satisfy the re-sponsibilities akin to those of the Secretary of a military department that are specified by the covered authority. (3) An accounting of civilian, military, and contractor personnel currently assigned to the fulfillment of the responsibilities akin to those of the Secretary of a military department that are specified by the covered authority, including re-sponsibilities relating to budget, personnel, pro-grams and requirements, acquisition, and spe-cial access programs. (4) A description of actions taken to imple-ment the covered authority as of the date of the report, including the assignment of any addi-tional civilian, military, or contractor personnel to fulfill additional responsibilities akin to those of the Secretary of a military department that are specified by the covered authority. (5) An explanation how the responsibilities akin to those of the Secretary of a military de-partment that assigned to the Assistant Sec-retary by the covered authority will be fulfilled in the absence of additional personnel being as-signed to the office of the Assistant Secretary. (6) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate. SEC. 10902. REPORT ON THE NEED FOR A JOINT CHEMICAL-BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE LOGISTICS CENTER. 
Not later than March 1, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional de-fense committees a report that includes the fol-lowing: (1) A description of the operational need and requirement for a consolidated Joint Chemical- Biological Defense Logistics Center. (2) Identification of the specific operational requirements for rapid deployment of chemical and biological defense assets and the sustainment requirements for maintenance, stor-age, inspection, and distribution of specialized chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear equipment at the Joint Chemical-Biological De-fense Logistics Center. (3) A definition of program objectives and milestones to achieve initial operating capability and full operating capability. (4) Estimated facility and personnel resource requirements for use in planning, programming, and budgeting. (5) An environmental assessment of proposed effects in accordance with the National Envi-ronmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). TITLE CX—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Additional General Provisions 
SEC. 11001. EXPANSION OF AVAILABILITY FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AF-FAIRS OF COUNSELING AND TREAT-MENT FOR SEXUAL TRAUMA FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1720D(a)(2)(A) of title 38, United States Code is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘on active duty’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘that was suffered by the member while serving on active duty, active duty for training, or inactive duty training’’ be-fore the period at the end. 
SEC. 11002. REPORT ON THE GLOBAL FOOD SYS-TEM AND VULNERABILITIES REL-EVANT TO DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the heads of such components of the De-partment of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate, submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of Department of De-fense policies and operational plans for address-ing the national security implications of global food system vulnerabilities. (b) C
ONTENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: (1) An evaluation of vulnerabilities in the global food system that may affect the national security of the United States and the Depart-ment of Defense roles, missions, and capabilities in addressing such vulnerabilities, including in-formation technology, data management, and surveillance capabilities for detection and as-sessment of food system shocks with the poten-tial to result in the deployment of the Armed Forces or directly affect bilateral security inter-ests with allies or partners. (2) A characterization of how Department of Defense strategy, policies, and plans, including the Unified Command Plan, defense planning scenarios, operational plans, theater coopera-tion plans, and other relevant planning docu-ments and procedures, account for food system vulnerabilities as precursors to and components of protracted major state conflicts, civil wars, insurgencies, or terrorism. (3) An evaluation of United States interests, including the interests of allies and strategic partners, and potential United States military operations, including thresholds for ordering such operations, in regions where food system instability represents an urgent and growing threat, including due to the presence of desta-bilizing non-state actors who may weaponize ac-cess to food. (4) An identification of opportunities to ini-tiate or further develop cooperative military to military relationships to build partner capacity to avoid, minimize, or control global and re-gional food system shocks. SEC. 11003. INEFFECTIVENESS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTEGRATION OF IN-FORMATION OPERATIONS AND CYBER-ENABLED INFORMATION OP-ERATIONS. 
Section 1042 shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 11004. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INTEGRA-TION OF INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND CYBER-ENABLED INFORMATION OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NTEGRATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  I
NFORMATION OPERATIONS AND CYBER-ENABLED  I
NFORMATION OPERATIONS .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF CROSS -FUNCTIONAL  
TASK FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a cross-functional task force con-sistent with section 911(c)(1) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) to inte-grate across the organizations of the Depart-ment of Defense responsible for information op-erations, military deception, public affairs, elec-tronic warfare, and cyber operations to produce integrated strategy, planning, and budgeting to counter, deter, and conduct strategic informa-tion operations and cyber-enabled information operations. (B) D
UTIES .—The task force shall carry out the following: (i) Development of a strategic framework for the conduct by the Department of Defense of in-formation operations, including cyber-enabled information operations, coordinated across all relevant Department of Defense entities, includ-ing both near-term and long-term guidance for the conduct of such coordinated operations. (ii) Development and dissemination of a com-mon operating paradigm across the organiza-tions specified in subparagraph (A) of the influ-ence, deception, and propaganda activities of key malign actors, including in cyberspace. (iii) Development of guidance for, and pro-motion of, the liaison capability of the Depart-ment to interact with the private sector, includ-ing social media, on matters related to the influ-ence activities of malign actors. (iv) Serve as the primary Department of De-fense liaison with the Global Engagement Cen-ter and other relevant Federal entities in car-rying out the purpose set forth in section 1287(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (2) H
EAD OF CROSS -FUNCTIONAL TASK FORCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall appoint as the head of the task force such individual as the Secretary considers appro-priate from among individuals serving in the Department as an Under Secretary of Defense or in such other position within the Department of lesser order of precedence. (B) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The responsibilities of the head of the task force are as follows: (i) Oversight of strategic policy and guidance. (ii) Overall resource allocation for the integra-tion of information operations and cyber oper-ations of the Department. (iii) Ensuring the task force faithfully pursues the purpose set forth in subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) and carries out its duties as set forth in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. (iv) Carrying out such activities as are re-quired of the head of the task force under sub-sections (b) and (c). (v) Coordination with the head of the Global Engagement Center in support of the execution of the purpose set forth in section 1287(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note). (b) R
EQUIREMENTS AND PLANS FOR INFORMA -
TION OPERATIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00206 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6079 September 25, 2017 
(1) C OMBATANT COMMAND PLANNING AND RE -
GIONAL STRATEGY .—(A) The Secretary shall re-quire each commander of a combatant command to develop, in coordination with the relevant re-gional Assistant Secretary of State or Assistant Secretaries of State and with the assistance of the Coordinator of the Global Engagement Cen-ter and the head of the task force appointed under subsection (a)(2)(A), a regional informa-tion strategy and interagency coordination plan for carrying out the strategy, where applicable. (B) The Secretary shall require each com-mander of a combatant command to develop such requirements and specific plans as may be necessary for the conduct of information oper-ations in support of the strategy required in subparagraph (A), including plans for deterring information operations, particularly in the cyber domain, by malign actors against the United States, allies of the United States, and interests of the United States. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN FOR DEPARTMENT  
OF DEFENSE STRATEGY FOR OPERATIONS IN THE  
INFORMATION ENVIRONMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of the task force shall— (i) review the Department of Defense Strategy for Operations in the Information Environment, dated June 2016; and (ii) submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a plan for implementation of such strat-egy. (B) E
LEMENTS .—The implementation plan shall include, at a minimum, the following: (i) An accounting of the efforts undertaken in support of the strategy described in subpara-graph (A)(i) since it was issued in June 2016. (ii) A description of any updates or changes to such strategy that have been made since it was first issued, as well as any expected updates or changes in light of the establishment of the task force. (iii) A description of the role of the Depart-ment as part of a broader whole-of-government strategy for strategic communications, including assumptions about the roles and contributions of other Government departments and agencies to such a strategy. (iv) Defined actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines to achieve the following specified tasks: (I) Train, educate, and prepare commanders and their staffs, and the Joint Force as a whole, to lead, manage, and conduct operations in the information environment. (II) Train, educate, and prepare information operations professionals and practitioners to en-able effective operations in the information en-vironment. (III) Manage information operations profes-sionals, practitioners, and organizations to meet emerging operational needs. (IV) Establish a baseline assessment of current ability of the Department to conduct operations in the information environment, including an identification of the types of units and organi-zations currently responsible for building and employing information-related capabilities and an assignment of appropriate roles and missions for each type of unit or organization. (V) Develop the ability of the Department and operating forces to engage, assess, characterize, forecast, and visualize the information environ-ment. (VI) Develop and maintain the proper capa-bilities and capacity to operate effectively in the information environment in coordination with implementation of related cyber and other strat-egies. (VII) Develop and maintain the capability to assess accurately the effect of operations in the information environment. (VIII) Adopt, adapt, and develop new science and technology for the Department to operate effectively in the information environment. (IX) Develop and adapt information environ-ment-related concepts, policies, and guidance. (X) Ensure doctrine relevant to operations in the information environment remains current and responsive based on lessons learned and best practices. (XI) Develop, update, and de-conflict authori-ties and permissions, as appropriate, to enable effective operations in the information environ-ment. (XII) Establish and maintain partnerships among Department and interagency partners, including the Global Engagement Center, to en-able more effective whole-of-government oper-ations in the information environment. (XIII) Establish and maintain appropriate interaction with entities that are not part of the Federal Government, including entities in in-dustry, entities in academia, federally funded research and development centers, and other or-ganizations, to enable operations in the infor-mation environment. (XIV) Establish and maintain collaboration between and among the Department and inter-national partners, including partner countries and nongovernmental organizations, to enable more effective operations in the information en-vironment. (XV) Foster, enhance, and leverage partner-ship capabilities and capacities. (v) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps that will need to be addressed to ensure effective imple-mentation of the strategy described in subpara-graph (A)(i) across all relevant elements of the Department. (vi) An investment framework and projected timeline for addressing any gaps identified under clause (v). (vii) Such other matters as the Secretary of Defense considers relevant. (C) P
ERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the imple-mentation plan is submitted under subpara-graph (A)(ii) and not less frequently than once every 90 days thereafter until the date that is three years after the date of such submittal, the head of the task force shall submit to the con-gressional defense committees a report describ-ing the status of the efforts of the Department to accomplish the tasks specified under clauses (iv) and (vi) of subparagraph (B). (c) T
RAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements of the implementation plan re-quired under clauses (i) and (ii) of subsection (b)(2)(B)(4), the head of the task force shall es-tablish programs to provide training and edu-cation to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate to ensure understanding of the role of information in war-fare, the central goal of all military operations to affect the perceptions, views, and decision-making of adversaries, and the effective man-agement and conduct of operations in the infor-mation environment. (d) E
STABLISHMENT OF DEFENSE INTELLIGENCE  O
FFICER FOR INFORMATION OPERATIONS AND  C
YBER OPERATIONS .—The Secretary shall estab-lish a position within the Department of De-fense known as the ‘‘Defense Intelligence Offi-cer for Information Operations and Cyber Oper-ations’’. (e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘head of the task force’’ means the head appointed under subsection (a)(2)(A). (2) The term ‘‘implementation plan’’ means the plan required by subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii). (3) The term ‘‘task force’’ means the cross- functional task force established under sub-section (a)(1)(A). 
SEC. 11005. REPORT ON CYBER CAPABILITY AND READINESS SHORTFALLS OF ARMY COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to Congress a report on the Army Combat Training Centers and the current resident cyber capabilities and training at such centers to examine potential training readiness shortfalls and ensure that pre-rotational cyber training needs are met. (b) CONSIDERATION OF NEARBY ASSETS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall take into account nearby Army Combat Training Center cyber assets that could contribute to addressing potential cyber capa-bility and readiness shortfalls. 
SEC. 11006. REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FULL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE DE-PARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) A description of the work undertaken and planned to be undertaken by the Department of Defense, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Department, to test and verify trans-action data pertinent to obtaining an unquali-fied audit of their financial statements, includ-ing from feeder systems. (2) A projected timeline of the Department in connection with the audit of the full financial statements of the Department, to be submitted to Congress annually not later than six months after the submittal to Congress of the budget of the President for a fiscal year, including the fol-lowing: (A) The date on which the Department projects the beginning of an audit of the full fi-nancial statements of the Department, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Depart-ment, for a fiscal year. (B) The date on which the Department projects the completions of audits of the full fi-nancial statements of the Department, and the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Depart-ment, for a fiscal year. (C) Beginning with fiscal year 2019, the dates on which the Department expects to obtain an unqualified audit opinion on the full financial statements of the Department, the military de-partments, the Defense Agencies, and other or-ganizations and elements of the Department for a fiscal year. (D) The anticipated total cost of future audits as described in subparagraphs (A) through (C). (3) The anticipated annual costs of maintain-ing an unqualified audit opinion on the full fi-nancial statements of the Department, the mili-tary departments, the Defense Agencies, and other organizations and elements of the Depart-ment for a fiscal year after an unqualified audit opinion on such full financial statements for a fiscal year is first obtained. 
SEC. 11007. REPORT ON HURRICANE DAMAGE TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ASSETS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of Defense shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on damage to Department of Defense assets and installations from hurricanes during 2017. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) The results of a storm damage assessment. (2) A description of affected military installa-tions and assets. (3) A request for funding to initiate the repair and replacement of damaged facilities and as-sets, including necessary upgrades to existing facilities to make them compliant with current hurricane standards, and to cover any un-funded requirements for military construction at affected military installations. (4) An adaptation plan to ensure military in-stallations funded with taxpayer dollars are constructed to better withstand flooding and ex-treme weather events. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00207 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6080 September 25, 2017 
SEC. 11008. ESTABLISHMENT OF CENTER OF EX-CELLENCE IN PREVENTION, DIAG-NOSIS, MITIGATION, TREATMENT, AND REHABILITATION OF HEALTH CONDITIONS RELATING TO EXPO-SURE TO BURN PITS AND OTHER EN-VIRONMENTAL EXPOSURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter II of chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7330C. Center of excellence in prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and reha-bilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environ-mental exposures ‘‘(a) E
STABLISHMENT .—(1) The Secretary shall establish within the Department a center of ex-cellence in the prevention, diagnosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health condi-tions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures to carry out the re-sponsibilities specified in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish the center of excellence under paragraph (1) through the use of— ‘‘(A) the directives and policies of the Depart-ment in effect as of the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2018; ‘‘(B) the recommendations of the Comptroller General of the United States and Inspector Gen-eral of the Department in effect as of such date; and ‘‘(C) guidance issued by the Secretary of De-fense under section 313 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 1074 note). ‘‘(b) S
ELECTION OF SITE.—In selecting the site for the center of excellence established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider enti-ties that— ‘‘(1) are equipped with the specialized equip-ment needed to study, diagnose, and treat health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures; ‘‘(2) have a track record of publishing infor-mation relating to post-deployment health expo-sures among veterans who served in the Armed Forces in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom; ‘‘(3) have access to animal models and in vitro models of dust immunology and lung injury con-sistent with the injuries of members of the Armed Forces who served in support of Oper-ation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom; and ‘‘(4) have expertise in allergy, immunology, and pulmonary diseases. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the center of excellence collaborates, to the maximum extent practicable, with the Secretary of Defense, institutions of higher edu-cation, and other appropriate public and private entities (including international entities) to carry out the responsibilities specified in sub-section (d). ‘‘(d) R
ESPONSIBILITIES .—The center of excel-lence shall have the following responsibilities: ‘‘(1) To provide for the development, testing, and dissemination within the Department of best practices for the treatment of health condi-tions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(2) To provide guidance for the health sys-tems of the Department and the Department of Defense in determining the personnel required to provide quality health care for members of the Armed Forces and veterans with health condi-tions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(3) To establish, implement, and oversee a comprehensive program to train health profes-sionals of the Department and the Department of Defense in the treatment of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures. ‘‘(4) To facilitate advancements in the study of the short-term and long-term effects of expo-sure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures. ‘‘(5) To disseminate within medical facilities of the Department best practices for training health professionals with respect to health con-ditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental exposures. ‘‘(6) To conduct basic science and translational research on health conditions re-lating to exposure to burn pits and other envi-ronmental exposures for the purposes of under-standing the etiology of such conditions and de-veloping preventive interventions and new treat-ments. ‘‘(7) To provide medical treatment to veterans diagnosed with medical conditions specific to ex-posure to burn pits and other environmental ex-posures. ‘‘(e) USE OF BURNPITSREGISTRY DATA.—In carrying out its responsibilities under subsection (d), the center of excellence shall have access to and make use of the data accumulated by the burn pits registry established under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). ‘‘(f) F
UNDING .—This Secretary shall carry out this section using amounts appropriated to the Department for such purpose. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘burn pit’ means an area of land located in Afghanistan or Iraq that— ‘‘(A) is designated by the Secretary of Defense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and ‘‘(B) does not contain a commercially manu-factured incinerator or other equipment specifi-cally designed and manufactured for the burn-ing of solid waste. ‘‘(2) The term ‘other environmental exposures’ means exposure to environmental hazards, in-cluding burn pits, dust or sand, hazardous ma-terials, and waste at any site in Afghanistan or Iraq that emits smoke containing pollutants present in the environment or smoke from fires or explosions.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions at the beginning of chapter 73 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330B the following new item: ‘‘7330C. Center of excellence in prevention, diag-nosis, mitigation, treatment, and rehabilitation of health conditions relating to exposure to burn pits and other environmental expo-sures.’’. Subtitle B—Government Purchase and Travel Cards 
SEC. 11021. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Saving Fed-eral Dollars Through Better Use of Government Purchase and Travel Cards Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 11022. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
MPROPER PAYMENT .—The term ‘‘improper payment’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2 of the Improper Payments Information Act of 2002 (31 U.S.C. 3321 note). (2) Q
UESTIONABLE TRANSACTION .—The term ‘‘questionable transaction’’ means a charge card transaction that from initial card data appears to be high risk and may therefore be improper due to non-compliance with applicable law, reg-ulation or policy. (3) S
TRATEGIC SOURCING .—The term ‘‘strategic sourcing’’ means analyzing and modifying a Federal agency’s spending patterns to better le-verage its purchasing power, reduce costs, and improve overall performance. 
SEC. 11023. EXPANDED USE OF DATA ANALYTICS. 
(a) S TRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Administrator for General Services, shall develop a strategy to expand the use of data analytics in managing government purchase and travel charge card programs. These analytics may employ existing General Services Administration capabilities, and may be in conjunction with agencies’ capabilities, for the purpose of— (1) identifying examples or patterns of ques-tionable transactions and developing enhanced tools and methods for agency use in— (A) identifying questionable purchase and travel card transactions; and (B) recovering improper payments made with purchase and travel cards; (2) identifying potential opportunities for agencies to further leverage administrative proc-ess streamlining and cost reduction from pur-chase and travel card use, including additional agency opportunities for card-based strategic sourcing; (3) developing a set of purchase and travel card metrics and benchmarks for high-risk ac-tivities, which shall assist agencies in identi-fying potential emphasis areas for their pur-chase and travel card management and over-sight activities, including those required by the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194); and (4) developing a plan, which may be based on existing capabilities, to create a library of ana-lytics tools and data sources for use by Federal agencies (including inspectors general of those agencies). SEC. 11024. GUIDANCE ON IMPROVING INFORMA-TION SHARING TO CURB IMPROPER PAYMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Administrator of General Services and the interagency charge card data management group established under section 1095, shall issue guidance on improving information sharing by government agencies for the purposes of section 1093(a)(1). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The guidance issued under subsection (a) shall— (1) require relevant officials at Federal agen-cies to identify high-risk activities and commu-nicate that information to the appropriate man-agement levels within the agencies; (2) require that appropriate officials at Fed-eral agencies review the reports issued by charge card-issuing banks on questionable transaction activity (such as purchase and travel card pre- suspension and suspension reports, delinquency reports, and exception reports), including trans-actions that occur with high-risk activities, and suspicious timing or amounts of cash with-drawals or advances; (3) provide for the appropriate sharing of in-formation related to potential questionable transactions, fraud schemes, and high-risk ac-tivities with the General Services Administration and the appropriate officials in Federal agen-cies; (4) consider the recommendations made by In-spectors General or the best practices Inspectors General have identified; and (5) include other requirements determined ap-propriate by the Director for the purposes of carrying out this subtitle. 
SEC. 11025. INTERAGENCY CHARGE CARD DATA MANAGEMENT GROUP. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Administrator of General Services and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall establish a purchase and travel charge card data manage-ment group to develop and share best practices for the purposes described in section 1093(a). (b) E
LEMENTS .—The best practices developed under subsection (a) shall— (1) cover rules, edits, and task order or con-tract modifications related to charge card- issuing banks; (2) include the review of accounts payable in-formation and purchase and travel card trans-action data of agencies for the purpose of iden-tifying potential strategic sourcing and other additional opportunities (such as recurring pay-ments, utility payments, and grant payments) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00208 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6081 September 25, 2017 
for which the charge cards or related payment products could be used as a payment method; and (3) include other best practices as determined by the Administrator and Director. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The purchase and travel charge card data management group shall meet regularly as determined by the co-chairs, for a duration of three years, and include those agen-cies as described in section 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–194) and others identified by the Ad-ministrator and Director. 
SEC. 11026. REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) G ENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION RE-
PORT.—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for General Services shall submit a report to Con-gress on the implementation of this subtitle, in-cluding the metrics used in determining whether the analytic and benchmarking efforts have re-duced, or contributed to the reduction of, ques-tionable or improper payments as well as im-proved utilization of card-based payment prod-ucts. (b) A
GENCY REPORTS AND CONSOLIDATED RE-
PORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the head of each Federal agency described in sec-tion 2 of the Government Charge Card Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–194) shall submit a report to the Director of the Of-fice of Management and Budget on that agen-cy’s activities to implement this subtitle. (c) O
FFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET RE-
PORT TO CONGRESS .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit to Con-gress a consolidated report of agency activities to implement this subtitle, which may be in-cluded as part of another report submitted to Congress by the Director. (d) R
EPORT ON ADDITIONAL SAVINGS OPPORTU -
NITIES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services shall submit a report to Con-gress identifying and exploring further potential savings opportunities for government agencies under the Federal charge card programs. This report may be combined with the report required under subsection (a). TITLE CXII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS 
SEC. 11201. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CYBERSECU-RITY COOPERATION WITH UKRAINE. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) There is a strong history of cyber attacks in Ukraine, including a significant attack on its power grid in December 2015 by Russia. (2) The United States supports Ukraine and the Ukrainian Security Assistance Initiative. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States reaffirms support for the sovereignty and territorial integrity of Ukraine, especially as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and in the face of increased Russian aggression in the region; and (2) the United States should assist Ukraine in improving its cybersecurity capabilities. 
SEC. 11202. NORTH KOREA STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT ON STRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth a strategy of the United States with respect to North Korea. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall include the following elements: (1) A description and assessment of the pri-mary threats to United States national security interests from North Korea. (2) A description of support from foreign na-tions for North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missile programs. (3) A description of the security relationships between China and North Korea and Russia and North Korea, including trends in those rela-tionships and their impact on the Government of North Korea. (4) A description of the security relationships between other countries and North Korea, and an identification of countries that may be un-dermining United States objectives identified in paragraph (5). (5) The desired end state in North Korea and current United States objectives relative to secu-rity threats emanating from North Korea. (6) A detailed roadmap to reach the end state and objectives identified in paragraph (5). (7) An identification of the resources and au-thorities necessary to carry out the roadmap de-scribed in paragraph (6). (8) A description of operational plans and as-sociated military requirements for the protection of United States national security interests rel-ative to threats from North Korea. (9) An identification of any personnel, capa-bility, and resource gaps that would impact the execution of the roadmap described in para-graph (6) or any associated operational plan, and a mitigation plan to address such gaps. (10) An assessment of current and desired partner nation contributions to countering threats from North Korea and a plan to enhance military cooperation with nations that have shared security interests. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) Q
UARTERLY UPDATES REQUIRED .—The Sec- retary of Defense shall provide Congress with a quarterly written progress report on the imple-mentation of the strategy required pursuant to subsection (a) in unclassified form. 
SEC. 11203. PLAN ON IMPROVEMENT OF ABILITY OF FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS PAR-TICIPATING IN UNITED STATES IN-STITUTIONAL CAPACITY BUILDING PROGRAMS TO PROTECT CIVILIANS. 
(a) R EPORT ON PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth a plan, to be implemented as part of each institutional ca-pacity building program required by section 333(c)(4) of title 10, United States Code, to im-prove the ability of foreign governments to pro-tect civilians. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required by sub-section (a) shall include the following: (1) Efforts to develop and integrate civilian harm mitigation principles and techniques in all relevant partner force standard operating proce-dures. (2) Efforts to build partner capacity to collect, track, and analyze civilian casualty data and apply lessons learned to future operations, and to provide amends to civilians harmed by part-ner force operations. (3) Efforts to support enhanced investigatory and accountability standards in partner forces to ensure compliance with the laws of armed conflict and appropriate human rights and civil-ian protection standards. (4) Support for increased partner trans-parency, which should include the establish-ment of civil affairs capabilities within partner militaries to improve communication with the public. (5) An estimate of the resources required to implement the efforts and support described in paragraphs (1) through (4). (6) A description of the appropriate roles of the Department of Defense and the Department of State in such efforts and support. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 11204. REPORT ON THE CAPABILITIES AND ACTIVITIES OF THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA AND OTHER VIO-LENT EXTREMIST GROUPS IN SOUTHEAST ASIA. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appro-priate committees of Congress a report setting forth an assessment of the current and future capabilities and activities of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other violent extrem-ist groups in Southeast Asia. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following: (1) The current number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters in Southeast Asia. (2) The estimated number of Islamic State of Iraq and Syria fighters expected to return to Southeast Asia from fighting in the Middle East. (3) The current resources available to combat the threat of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Southeast Asia, and the additional resources required to combat that threat. (4) A detailed assessment of the capabilities of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria to operate ef-fectively in countries such as the Philippines, Indonesia, and Malaysia. (5) A description of the capabilities and re-sources of governments of countries in Southeast Asia to counter violent extremist groups. (6) A list of additional United States resources and capabilities that the Department of Defense recommends providing governments in Southeast Asia to combat violent extremist groups. (c) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  D
EFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appro-priate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 11205. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON THE IS-LAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LE-VANT. 
It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) poses an acute threat to the people, gov-ernment, and territorial integrity of Iraq, in-cluding the Iraqi Sunni, Shia, and Kurdish com-munities and religious and ethnic minorities in Iraq, and to the security and stability of the Middle East and beyond; (2) the defeat of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is critical to maintaining a unified Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integra-tion into the Government and society of Iraq; and (3) the United States should, in coordination with coalition partners, continue necessary sup-port to the security forces of or associated with the Government of Iraq that have a national se-curity mission in their fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
SEC. 11206. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT BORDER SECURITY OPER-ATIONS OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUN-TRIES. 
Paragraph (3) of section 1226(b) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1056), as added by section 1294(b)(2) of the National De-fense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2562), is amended by striking ‘‘for such fiscal year’’ both places it appears. TITLE CXVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS 
SEC. 11601. REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO MULTI- USE SENSITIVE COMPARTMENTED INFORMATION FACILITIES. 
In order to facilitate access for small business concerns and nontraditional contractors to af-fordable secure spaces, the Secretary of Defense shall develop the processes and procedures nec-essary to build, certify, and maintain certifi-cations for multi-use sensitive compartmented 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00209 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6082 September 25, 2017 
information facilities not tied to a single con-tract and where multiple companies can work on multiple projects at different security levels securely. 
SEC. 11602. INEFFECTIVENESS OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF SOFTWARE PLATFORMS DEVELOPED BY KASPERSKY LAB. 
Section 1630B shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 11603. PROHIBITION ON USE OF SOFTWARE PLATFORMS DEVELOPED BY KASPERSKY LAB. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—No department, agency, or-ganization, or other element of the United States Government may use, whether directly or through work with or on behalf of another orga-nization or element of the United States Govern-ment, any hardware, software, or services devel-oped or provided, in whole or in part, by Kaspersky Lab or any entity of which Kaspersky Lab has a majority ownership. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
SEC. 11604. REPORT ON SIGNIFICANT SECURITY RISKS OF DEFENSE CRITICAL ELEC-TRIC INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of Home-land Security, submit to the appropriate commit-tees of Congress a report setting forth the fol-lowing: (1) Identification of significant security risks to defense critical electric infrastructure posed by significant malicious cyber-enabled activities. (2) An assessment of the potential effect of the security risks identified pursuant to paragraph (1) on the readiness of the Armed Forces. (3) An assessment of the strategic benefits de-rived from, and the challenges associated with, isolating military infrastructure from the na-tional electric grid and the use of microgrids by the Armed Forces. (4) Recommendations on actions to be taken— (A) to eliminate or mitigate the security risks identified pursuant to paragraph (1); and (B) to address the effect of those security risks on the readiness of the Armed Forces identified pursuant to paragraph (2). (b) F
ORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Con-gress’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (C) the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘defense critical electric infra-structure’’— (A) has the meaning given such term in sec-tion 215A(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824o–1(a)); and (B) shall include any electric infrastructure located in any of the 48 contiguous States or the District of Columbia that serves a facility— (i) designated by the Secretary of Defense as— (I) critical to the defense of the United States; and (II) vulnerable to a disruption of the supply of electric energy provided to such facility by an external provider; and (ii) that is not owned or operated by the owner or operator of such facility. (3) The term ‘‘security risk’’ shall have such meaning as the Secretary of Defense shall deter-mine, in coordination with the Director of Na-tional Intelligence and the Secretary of Energy, for purposes of the report required by subsection (a). (4) The term ‘‘significant malicious cyber-en-abled activities’’ include— (A) significant efforts— (i) to deny access to or degrade, disrupt, or de-stroy an information and communications tech-nology system or network; or (ii) to exfiltrate, degrade, corrupt, destroy, or release information from such a system or net-work without authorization for purposes of— (I) conducting influence operations; or (II) causing a significant misappropriation of funds, economic resources, trade secrets, per-sonal identifications, or financial information for commercial or competitive advantage or pri-vate financial gain; (B) significant destructive malware attacks; and (C) significant denial of service activities. SEC. 11605. REPORT ON PROGRESS MADE IN IM-PLEMENTING THE CYBER EXCEPTED PERSONNEL SYSTEM. 
Section 1599f(h)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) An assessment of the progress made in implementing the Cyber Excepted Personnel Sys-tem.’’. 
SEC. 11606. REPORT ON ACQUISITION STRATEGY TO RECAPITALIZE THE EXISTING SYSTEM FOR UNDERSEA FIXED SUR-VEILLANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary of the Navy shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on the acqui-sition strategy to recapitalize the existing system for undersea fixed surveillance. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by sub-section (a) shall address the following matters: (1) A description of undersea fixed surveil-lance system recapitalization requirements, in-cluding key performance parameters and key system attributes as applicable. (2) Cost estimates for procuring a future sys-tem or systems. (3) Projected dates for key milestones within the acquisition strategy. (4) A description of how the acquisition strat-egy will improve performance in the areas of de-tection and localization compared to the legacy system to enable effective performance against current, emerging, and future threats over the life of the systems. (5) A description of how the acquisition strat-egy will encourage competition and reward in-novation for addressing system performance re-quirements. 
SEC. 11607. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF MARI-TIME INTELLIGENCE, SURVEIL-LANCE, RECONNAISSANCE, AND TAR-GETING. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than May 1, 2018, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on maritime intelligence, surveillance, reconnais-sance, and targeting. (b) C
OMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .—The report re-quired in subsection (a) shall include a com-prehensive review of the following elements for the 2025 and 2035 timeframes: (1) A description of the projected steady-state demands for maritime intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting capabilities and capacity in each timeframe, including pro-tracted gray-zone or low-intensity confronta-tions between the United States or its allies and potential adversaries such as Russia and China. (2) A description of potential warfighting planning scenarios in which maritime intel-ligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and tar-geting will be required in each prescribed time-frame, including the most stressing such sce-nario. (3) A description of the undersea, surface, and air threats for each scenario described in para-graph (1) that will require maritime intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting to be conducted in order to achieve warfighting ob-jectives. (4) An assessment of the sufficiency of mari-time intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting program capability and capacity to achieve the warfighting objectives described in paragraph (3) in the most stressing scenario described in paragraph (2), including the effects of attrition. (5) Planned operational concepts, including a High Level Operational Concept Graphic (OV–1) for each such concept, for conducting maritime intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting during steady state operations and warfighting scenarios described in paragraphs (1) and (2). Consideration of distributed combat operations in a satellite denied environment shall be included. (6) Specific capability gaps or risk areas in the ability or sufficiency of maritime intelligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting. (7) Potential solutions to address the capa-bility gaps and risk areas identified in para-graph (6), including new capabilities, increased capacity, or new operating concepts that could be employed by the Navy. (8) A description of the funding amount by fiscal year, initial operational capability, and full operational capability for each maritime in-telligence, surveillance, reconnaissance, and targeting program identified in paragraph (4), based on the President’s fiscal year 2019 future years defense program. Unfunded or partially funded programs shall also be included. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SEC. 11608. REPORT ON TRAINING INFRASTRUC-TURE FOR CYBER FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees a report on the Department of Defense training infrastructure for cyber forces. Such re-port shall include the following: (1) Identification of the shortcomings in such training infrastructure. (2) Potential commercial applications to ad-dress such shortcomings. (3) Future projections of cyber force growth and urgent needs relating to such growth. TITLE CXXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND GENERAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 12801. TECHNICAL CORRECTION TO AU-THORITY FOR RETURN OF CERTAIN LANDS AT FORT WINGATE, NEW MEX-ICO, TO ORIGINAL INHABITANTS. 
Section 2829F(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2734) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘titled ‘The Fort Wingate Depot Activity Negotiated Property Division April 2016’’’ and inserting ‘‘titled ‘Final Agreement Map Between Navajo Nation and Pueblo of Zuni’, dated March 2016,’’. 
SEC. 12802. ENERGY RESILIENCE. 
The subsection (h) proposed to be added to section 2911 of title 10, United States Code, by section 2845 of this Act, is amended in para-graph (2), by inserting ‘‘, cost of backup power,’’ after ‘‘energy security’’. TITLE CXXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS 
SEC. 13101. PLUTONIUM CAPABILITIES. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Sec-retary of Defense a report on the recommended alternative endorsed by the Administrator for recapitalization of plutonium science and pro-duction capabilities of the nuclear security en-terprise. The report shall identify the rec-ommended alternative endorsed by the Adminis-trator and contain the analysis of alternatives, including costs, upon which the Administrator relied in making such endorsement. (b) C
ERTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense receives the report required by subsection (a), 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00210 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6083 September 25, 2017 
the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council shall submit to the congressional defense com-mittees the written certification of the Chairman regarding whether— (1) the recommended alternative described in subsection (a)— (A) is acceptable to the Secretary of Defense and the Nuclear Weapons Council and meets the requirements of the Secretary for plutonium pit production capacity and capability; (B) is likely to meet the pit production timelines and milestones required by section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a); (C) is likely to meet pit production timelines and requirements responsive to military require-ments; (D) is cost effective and has reasonable near- term and lifecycle costs that are minimized, to the extent practicable, as compared to other al-ternatives; (E) contains minimized and manageable risks as compared to other alternatives; and (F) can be acceptably reconciled with any dif-ferences in the conclusions made by the Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense in the business case analysis of plutonium pit production capability issued in 2013; and (2) the Administrator has— (A) documented the assumptions and con-straints used in the analysis of alternatives de-scribed in subsection (a); and (B) tested and documented the sensitivity of the cost estimates for each alternative to risks and changes in key assumptions. (c) A
SSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation of the National Nuclear Security Administration shall, in consultation with the Director of the Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation of the Department of Defense, provide to the congres-sional defense committees a briefing containing the assessment of the Directors of the analysis of alternatives described in subsection (a). (2) E
LEMENTS .—The briefing required by para-graph (1) shall include— (A) descriptions of the scope, risks, and costs for alternatives not considered in the analysis of alternatives that the Directors deem viable; and (B) any views of the Administrator regarding such alternatives. (d) R
EVIEW BY COMPTROLLER GENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after receiving the report re-quired by subsection (a) and the briefing re-quired by subsection (c), the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall brief the congres-sional defense committees on— (1) the alternatives considered by the Adminis-trator in the analysis of alternatives described in subsection (a) and the alternatives described in subsection (c)(2)(A); (2) the accuracy of such alternatives; and (3) any other issues the Comptroller General considers relevant. TITLE CXXXV—MARITIME ADMINISTRATION 
SEC. 13501. INEFFECTIVENESS OF MARITIME AD-MINISTRATION PROVISIONS. 
Title XXXV shall have no force or effect. 
SEC. 13502. AUTHORIZATION OF THE MARITIME ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transpor-tation for fiscal year 2018, to be available with-out fiscal year limitation if so provided in ap-propriations Acts, for programs associated with maintaining the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $100,802,000, of which— (A) $75,751,000 shall be for Academy oper-ations, including— (i) the implementation of section 3514(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, as added by section 3508; and (ii) staffing, training, and other actions nec-essary to prevent and respond to sexual harass-ment and sexual assault; and (B) $25,051,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $29,550,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2018, for the Student Incentive Pro-gram; (B) $3,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for direct payments to such academies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for training ship fuel assistance; and (E) $350,000 shall remain available until ex-pended for expenses to improve the monitoring of the service obligations of graduates. (3) For expenses necessary to support the Na-tional Security Multi-Mission Vessel Program, $36,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Mari-time Administration operations and programs, $58,694,000. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $20,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (6) For expenses necessary for the loan guar-antee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as de-fined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Re-form Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guar-antees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administrative expenses relating to loan guarantee commit-ments under the program. (b) ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL SHIPYARDS AND  M
ARITIME COMMUNITIES .—Section 54101(i) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2015 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2020’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000’’; and (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$25,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$27,500,000’’. 
SEC. 13503. REMOVAL ADJUNCT PROFESSOR LIMIT AT UNITED STATES MER-CHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
Section 51317 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by striking subsections (c) and (d). 
SEC. 13504. ACCEPTANCE OF GUARANTEES IN CONJUNCTION WITH PARTIAL DONA-TIONS FOR MAJOR PROJECTS OF THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MA-RINE ACADEMY. 
(a) G UARANTEES .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51320. Acceptance of guarantees with gifts for major projects ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) M
AJOR PROJECT .—The term ‘major project’ means a project estimated to cost at least $1,000,000 for— ‘‘(A) the purchase or other procurement of real or personal property; or ‘‘(B) the construction, renovation, or repair of real or personal property. ‘‘(2) M
AJOR UNITED STATES COMMERCIAL  
BANK .—The term ‘major United States commer-cial bank’ means a commercial bank that— ‘‘(A) is an insured bank (as defined in section 3(h) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1813(h))); ‘‘(B) is headquartered in the United States; and ‘‘(C) has total net assets of an amount consid-ered by the Maritime Administrator to qualify the bank as a major bank. ‘‘(3) MAJOR UNITED STATES INVESTMENT MAN -
AGEMENT FIRM .—The term ‘major United States investment management firm’ means— ‘‘(A) any broker or dealer (as such terms are defined in section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c)); ‘‘(B) any investment adviser or provider of in-vestment supervisory services (as such terms are defined in section 202 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–2)); or ‘‘(C) a major United States commercial bank that— ‘‘(i) is headquartered in the United States; and ‘‘(ii) holds for the account of others invest-ment assets in a total amount considered by the Maritime Administrator to qualify the bank as a major investment management firm. ‘‘(4) Q
UALIFIED GUARANTEE .—The term ‘quali-fied guarantee’, with respect to a major project, means a guarantee that— ‘‘(A) is made by 1 or more persons in connec-tion with a donation for the project of a total amount in cash or securities that the Maritime Administrator determines is sufficient to defray a substantial portion of the total cost of the project; ‘‘(B) is made to facilitate or expedite the com-pletion of the project in reasonable anticipation that other donors will contribute sufficient funds or other resources in amounts sufficient to pay for completion of the project; ‘‘(C) is set forth as a written agreement pro-viding that the donor will furnish in cash or se-curities, in addition to the donor’s other gift or gifts for the project, any additional amount that may become necessary for paying the cost of completing the project by reason of a failure to obtain from other donors or sources funds or other resources in amounts sufficient to pay the cost of completing the project; and ‘‘(D) is accompanied by— ‘‘(i) an irrevocable and unconditional standby letter of credit for the benefit of the United States Merchant Marine Academy that is in the amount of the guarantee and is issued by a major United States commercial bank; or ‘‘(ii) a qualified account control agreement. ‘‘(5) Q
UALIFIED ACCOUNT CONTROL AGREE -
MENT .—The term ‘qualified account control agreement’, with respect to a guarantee of a donor, means an agreement among the donor, the Maritime Administrator, and a major United States investment management firm that— ‘‘(A) ensures the availability of sufficient funds or other financial resources to pay the amount guaranteed during the period of the guarantee; ‘‘(B) provides for the perfection of a security interest in the assets of the account for the United States for the benefit of the United States Merchant Marine Academy with the highest priority available for liens and security interests under applicable law; ‘‘(C) requires the donor to maintain in an ac-count with the investment management firm as-sets having a total value that is not less than 130 percent of the amount guaranteed; and ‘‘(D) requires the investment management firm, whenever the value of the account is less than the value required to be maintained under subparagraph (C), to liquidate any noncash as-sets in the account and reinvest the proceeds in Treasury bills issued under section 3104 of title 31. ‘‘(b) A
CCEPTANCE AUTHORITY .—Subject to sub-section (d), the Maritime Administrator may ac-cept a qualified guarantee from a donor or do-nors for the completion of a major project for the benefit of the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy. ‘‘(c) O
BLIGATION AUTHORITY .—The amount of a qualified guarantee accepted under this sec-tion shall be considered as contract authority to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00211 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6084 September 25, 2017 
provide obligation authority for purposes of Federal fiscal and contractual requirements. Funds available for a project for which such a guarantee has been accepted may be obligated and expended for the project without regard to whether the total amount of funds and other re-sources available for the project (not taking into account the amount of the guarantee) is suffi-cient to pay for completion of the project. ‘‘(d) N
OTICE .—The Maritime Administrator may not accept a qualified guarantee under this section for the completion of a major project until 30 days after the date on which a report of the facts concerning the proposed guarantee is submitted to Congress. ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON COMMINGLING FUNDS.— The Maritime Administrator may not enter into any contract or other transaction involving the use of a qualified guarantee and appropriated funds in the same contract or transaction.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘51320. Acceptance of guarantees with gifts for major projects.’’. 
SEC. 13505. AUTHORITY TO PAY CONVEYANCE OR TRANSFER EXPENSES IN CONNEC-TION WITH ACCEPTANCE OF A GIFT TO THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
Section 51315 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
AYMENT OF EXPENSES .—The Maritime Administrator may pay all necessary expenses in connection with the conveyance or transfer of a gift, devise, or bequest accepted under this section.’’. 
SEC. 13506. AUTHORITY TO PARTICIPATE IN FED-ERAL, STATE OR OTHER RESEARCH GRANTS. 
(a) R ESEARCH GRANTS .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by sections 3503 through 3505, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 51321. Grants for scientific and educational research ‘‘(a) D
EFINED TERM.—In this section, the term ‘qualifying research grant’ is a grant that— ‘‘(1) is awarded on a competitive basis by the Federal Government (except for the Department of Transportation), a State, a corporation, a fund, a foundation, an educational institution, or a similar entity that is organized and oper-ated primarily for scientific or educational pur-poses; and ‘‘(2) is to be used to carry out a research project with a scientific or educational purpose. ‘‘(b) A
CCEPTANCE OF QUALIFYING RESEARCH  G
RANTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the United States Merchant Marine Academy may compete for and accept qualifying research grants if the work under the grant is to be carried out by a professor or instructor of the United States Merchant Marine Academy. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF GRANT FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) E
STABLISHMENT OF ACCOUNT .—The Mari- time Administrator shall establish a separate ac-count for administering funds received from re-search grants under this section. ‘‘(2) U
SE OF GRANT FUNDS .—The Super-intendent shall use grant funds deposited into the account established pursuant to paragraph (1) in accordance with applicable regulations and the terms and conditions of the respective grants. ‘‘(d) R
ELATED EXPENSES .—Subject to such lim-itations as may be provided in appropriations Acts, appropriations available for the United States Merchant Marine Academy may be used to pay expenses incurred by the Academy in ap-plying for, and otherwise pursuing, a qualifying research grant.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sec-tions for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by section 3504(b), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘51321. Grants for scientific and educational re-search.’’. SEC. 13607. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL SHIPYARDS AND MARITIME COMMUNITIES. 
Section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
WARDS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In providing assistance under the program, the Administrator shall take into account— ‘‘(A) the economic circumstances and condi-tions of maritime communities; ‘‘(B) projects that would be effective in fos-tering efficiency, competitive operations, and quality ship construction, repair, and reconfig-uration; and ‘‘(C) projects that would be effective in fos-tering employee skills and enhancing produc-tivity. ‘‘(2) T
IMING OF AWARD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in sub-paragraph (B), the Administrator shall award grants under this section not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of the appro-priations Act for the fiscal year concerned. ‘‘(B) R
EALLOCATION OF UNUSED FUNDS .—If a grant is awarded under this section and, for any reason, the grant funds, or any portion thereof, are not used by the grantee— ‘‘(i) such funds shall remain available until expended; and ‘‘(ii) the Administrator may use such unused funds to award, in any fiscal year, another grant under this section to an applicant who submitted an application under the initial or any subsequent notice of availability of funds.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) B
UY AMERICA .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Transpor-tation shall not obligate any funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out this chapter un-less the steel, iron, and manufactured products used in such project are produced in the United States. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTIONS .—The provisions of subpara-graph (A) shall not apply if the Secretary finds that— ‘‘(i) their application would be inconsistent with the public interest; ‘‘(ii) such materials and products are not pro-duced in the United States in sufficient and rea-sonably available quantities and of a satisfac-tory quality; or ‘‘(iii) inclusion of domestic material will in-crease the cost of the overall project by more than 25 percent.’’. 
SEC. 13508. DOMESTIC MARITIME CENTERS OF EX-CELLENCE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Transportation is authorized to designate community and technical colleges with a mari-time training program and maritime training centers operated by or under the supervision of a State, if located in the United States along the Gulf of Mexico, Atlantic Ocean, Pacific Ocean, Arctic Ocean, Bering Sea, Gulf of Alaska, or Great Lakes, as centers of excellence for domes-tic maritime workforce training and education. (b) A
SSISTANCE .— (1) T
YPES.—The Secretary may provide to an entity designated as a center of excellence under subsection (a)— (A) technical assistance; and (B) surplus Federal equipment and assets. (2) T
ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance under para-graph (1) to assist an entity designated as a cen-ter of excellence under subsection (a) to expand the capacity of the entity to train the domestic maritime workforce of the United States, includ-ing by— (A) admitting additional students; (B) recruiting and training faculty; (C) expanding facilities; (D) creating new maritime career pathways; and (E) awarding students credit for prior experi-ence, including military service. SEC. 13509. ACCESS TO SATELLITE COMMUNICA-TION DEVICES DURING SEA YEAR PROGRAM. 
Section 3514 of the National Defense Author-ization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) V
ESSEL OPERATOR REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) S
ATELLITE PHONE ACCESS .—The Maritime Administrator shall ensure that each student participating in the Sea Year program is pro-vided or has access to a functional satellite com-munication device. A student may not be denied from using such device whenever the student de-termines that such use is necessary to prevent or report sexual harassment or assault.’’. 
SEC. 13510. ACTIONS TO ADDRESS SEXUAL HAR-ASSMENT, DATING VIOLENCE, DO-MESTIC VIOLENCE, SEXUAL AS-SAULT, AND STALKING AT THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) R EQUIRED POLICY .—Subsection (a) of sec-tion 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘harassment and sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual as-sault, and stalking’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘harassment and sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, do-mestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘domes-tic violence, dating violence, stalking,’’ after ‘‘acquaintance rape,’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by strik-ing ‘‘harassment or sexual assault,’’ and insert-ing ‘‘harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking,’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘harassment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dat-ing violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; and (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘criminal sex-ual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘a criminal sexual offense’’; (D) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘harass-ment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; (E) in subparagraph (E)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘harassment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dat-ing violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; and (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘harassment and sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual as-sault, or stalking’’; and (F) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘harass-ment or sexual assault’’ and inserting ‘‘harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM TRAINING REQUIREMENTS FOR  
CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS REGARDING SEXUAL HAR -
ASSMENT , DATING VIOLENCE , DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , 
SEXUAL ASSAULT , AND STALKING .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00212 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6085 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(A) R EQUIREMENT .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall direct the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy to de-velop a mandatory training program at the United States Merchant Marine Academy for each individual who is involved in implementing the Academy’s student disciplinary grievance procedures, including each individual who is re-sponsible for— ‘‘(i) resolving complaints of reported sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking; ‘‘(ii) resolving complaints of reported viola-tions of the sexual misconduct policy of the Academy; or ‘‘(iii) conducting an interview with a victim of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic vi-olence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(B) C
ONSULTATION .—The Superintendent shall develop the training program described in subparagraph (A) in consultation with national, State, or local sexual assault, dating violence, domestic violence, or stalking victim advocacy, victim services, or prevention organizations. ‘‘(C) E
LEMENTS .—The training required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Information on working with and inter-viewing persons subjected to sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual as-sault, or stalking. ‘‘(ii) Information on particular types of con-duct that would constitute sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual as-sault, or stalking, regardless of gender, includ-ing same-sex sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(iii) Information on consent and the effect that drugs or alcohol may have on an individ-ual’s ability to consent. ‘‘(iv) Information on the effects of trauma, in-cluding the neurobiology of trauma. ‘‘(v) Training regarding the use of trauma-in-formed interview techniques, which means ask-ing questions of an individual who has been a victim of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking in a manner that is focused on the experience of the victim, does not judge or blame the victim, and is informed by evidence-based research on the neurobiology of trauma. ‘‘(vi) Training on cultural awareness regard-ing how dating violence, domestic violence, sex-ual assault, or stalking may impact midshipmen differently depending on their cultural back-ground. ‘‘(vii) Information on sexual assault dynam-ics, sexual assault perpetrator behavior, and barriers to reporting. ‘‘(D) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(i) D
EVELOPMENT AND APPROVAL SCHED -
ULE.—The training program required by sub-paragraph (A) shall be developed not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. ‘‘(ii) C
OMPLETION OF TRAINING .—Each indi-vidual who is required to complete the training described in subparagraph (A) shall complete such training not later than— ‘‘(I) 270 days after enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018; or ‘‘(II) 180 days after starting a position with responsibilities that include the activities de-scribed clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (A).’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (5), as so re-designated, the following: ‘‘(6) C
ONSISTENCY WITH THE HIGHER EDU -
CATION ACT OF 1965 .—The Secretary shall ensure that the policy developed under this subsection meets the requirements set out in paragraph (8) of section 485(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1092(f)(8)).’’. (b) M
INIMUM PROCEDURES FOR HANDLING RE-
PORTS OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT , DATING VIO-
LENCE , DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , SEXUAL ASSAULT , ORSTALKING .—Subsection (b) of section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) D
EVELOPMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall ensure that the development pro-gram of the Academy includes a section that— ‘‘(A) describes the relationship between honor, respect, and character development and the pre-vention of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking at the Academy; ‘‘(B) includes a brief history of the problem of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic vi-olence, sexual assault, and stalking in the mer-chant marine, in the Armed Forces, and at the Academy; and ‘‘(C) includes information relating to report-ing sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking, victims’ rights, and dismissal for offenders. ‘‘(2) M
INIMUM REQUIREMENTS TO COMBAT RE -
TALIATION .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR PLAN .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Maritime Administrator shall di-rect the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy to implement and maintain a plan to combat retaliation against midshipmen at the United States Merchant Ma-rine Academy who report sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual as-sault, or stalking. ‘‘(B) V
IOLATION OF CODE OF CONDUCT .—The Superintendent shall consider an act of retalia-tion against a midshipman at the Academy who reports sexual harassment, dating violence, do-mestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking as a Class I violation of the Academy’s Midshipman Regulations or equivalent code of conduct. ‘‘(C) R
ETALIATION DEFINITION .—The Super-intendent shall work with the sexual assault prevention and response staff of the Academy to define ‘retaliation’ for purposes of this sub-section. ‘‘(3) M
INIMUM RESOURCE REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall ensure the staff at the United States Merchant Marine Academy are provided ade-quate and appropriate sexual harassment, dat-ing violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking prevention and response training materials and resources. Such resources shall in-clude staff as follows: ‘‘(i) Sexual assault response coordinator. ‘‘(ii) Prevention educator. ‘‘(iii) Civil rights officer. ‘‘(iv) Staff member to oversee Sea Year. ‘‘(B) C
OMMUNICATION .—The Director of the Office of Civil Rights of the Maritime Adminis-tration shall create and maintain a direct line of communication to the sexual assault response staff of the Academy that is outside of the chain of command of the Academy. ‘‘(4) M
INIMUM TRAINING REQUIREMENTS .—The Superintendent shall ensure that all cadets re-ceive training on the sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking prevention and response sections of the development program of the Academy, as de-scribed in paragraph (1), as follows: ‘‘(A) An initial training session, which shall occur not later than 7 days after a cadet’s ini-tial arrival at the Academy. ‘‘(B) Additional training sessions, which shall occur biannually following the cadet’s initial training session until the cadet graduates or leaves the Academy.’’. (c) A
GGREGATE REPORTING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) D
ATA FOR AGGREGATE REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—No requirement related to confidentiality in this section or section 51319 may be construed to prevent a sexual assault re-sponse coordinator from providing information for any report required by law regarding sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. ‘‘(2) I
DENTITY PROTECTION .—Any information provided for a report referred to in paragraph (1) shall be provided in a manner that protects the identity of the victim or witness.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section and section 51319: ‘‘(1) D
ATING VIOLENCE ; DOMESTIC VIOLENCE ; 
STALKING .—The terms ‘dating violence’, ‘domes-tic violence’, and ‘stalking’ have the meanings given those terms is section 40002(a) of the Vio-lence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13925(a)). ‘‘(2) S
EXUAL ASSAULT .—The term ‘sexual as-sault’ means an offense classified as a forcible or nonforcible sex offense under the uniform crime reporting system of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.’’. (e) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) H
EADING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3510 of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2782), is amended by striking the section heading and in-serting the following: ‘‘§ 51318. Policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking’’. (2) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subtitle A of title XXXV of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2774), is amended by striking the item relating to section 51318 and inserting the following: ‘‘51318. Policy on sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking.’’. 
SEC. 13511. SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE STAFF. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 51319 of title 46, United States Code, as added by section 3511 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2785), is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) S
EXUAL ASSAULT RESPONSE COORDINA -
TORS.— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR COORDINATORS .—The United States Merchant Marine Academy shall employ or contract with at least 1 full-time sex-ual assault response coordinator who shall re-side at or near the Academy. The Secretary of Transportation may assign additional full-time or part-time sexual assault response coordina-tors at the Academy as necessary. ‘‘(2) S
ELECTION CRITERIA .—Each sexual as-sault response coordinator shall be selected based on— ‘‘(A) experience and a demonstrated ability to effectively provide victim services related to sex-ual harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, and stalking; and ‘‘(B) protection of the individual under appli-cable law to provide privileged communication. ‘‘(3) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .—A sexual assault re-sponse coordinator shall, to the extent author-ized under applicable law, provide confidential services to a midshipman who reports being a victim of, or witness to, sexual harassment, dat-ing violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00213 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6086 September 25, 2017 
‘‘(4) T RAINING .— ‘‘(A) V
ERIFICATION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, the Maritime Administrator, in consultation with the Director of the Maritime Administra-tion Office of Civil Rights, shall develop a proc-ess to verify that each sexual assault response coordinator has completed proper training. ‘‘(B) T
RAINING REQUIREMENTS .—The training referred to in subparagraph (A) shall include training in— ‘‘(i) working with victims of sexual harass-ment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking; ‘‘(ii) the policies, procedures, and resources of the Academy related to responding to sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking; and ‘‘(iii) national, State, and local victim services and resources available to victims of sexual har-assment, dating violence, domestic violence, sex-ual assault, and stalking. ‘‘(C) C
OMPLETION OF TRAINING .—A sexual as-sault response coordinator shall complete the training referred to in subparagraphs (A) and (B) not later than— ‘‘(i) 270 days after enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018; or ‘‘(ii) 180 days after starting in the role of sex-ual assault response coordinator. ‘‘(5) D
UTIES .—A sexual assault response coor-dinator shall— ‘‘(A) confidentially receive a report from a vic-tim of sexual harassment, dating violence, do-mestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking; ‘‘(B) inform the victim of— ‘‘(i) the victim’s rights under applicable law; ‘‘(ii) options for reporting an incident of sex-ual harassment, dating violence, domestic vio-lence, sexual assault, or stalking to the Acad-emy and law enforcement; ‘‘(iii) how to access available services, includ-ing emergency medical care, medical forensic or evidentiary examinations, legal services, services provided by rape crisis centers and other victim service providers, services provided by the vol-unteer sexual assault victim advocates at the Academy, and crisis intervention counseling and ongoing counseling; ‘‘(iv) such coordinator’s ability to assist in ar-ranging access to such services, with the con-sent of the victim; ‘‘(v) available accommodations, such as allow-ing the victim to change living arrangements and obtain accessibility services; ‘‘(vi) such coordinator’s ability to assist in ar-ranging such accommodations, with the consent of the victim; ‘‘(vii) the victim’s rights and the Academy’s responsibilities regarding orders of protection, no contact orders, restraining orders, or similar lawful orders issued by the Academy or a crimi-nal, civil, or tribal court; and ‘‘(viii) privacy limitations under applicable law; ‘‘(C) represent the interests of any mid-shipmen who reports being a victim of sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking, even if such interests are in conflict with the interests of the Acad-emy; ‘‘(D) advise the victim of, and provide written materials regarding, the information described in subparagraph (B); ‘‘(E) liaise with appropriate staff at the Acad-emy, with the victim’s consent, to arrange rea-sonable accommodations through the Academy to allow the victim to change living arrange-ments, obtain accessibility services, or access other accommodations; ‘‘(F) maintain the privacy and confidentiality of the victim, and shall not notify the Academy or any other authority of the identity of the vic-tim or the alleged circumstances surrounding the reported incident unless— ‘‘(i) otherwise required by applicable law; ‘‘(ii) requested to do so by the victim who has been fully and accurately informed about what procedures shall occur if the information is shared; or ‘‘(iii) notwithstanding clause (i) or clause (ii), there is risk of imminent harm to other individ-uals; ‘‘(G) assist the victim in contacting and re-porting an incident of sexual harassment, dat-ing violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking to the Academy or law enforcement, if requested to do so by the victim who has been fully and accurately informed about what pro-cedures shall occur if information is shared; and ‘‘(H) submit to the Director of the Maritime Administration Office of Civil Rights an annual report summarizing how the resources supplied to the coordinator were used during the prior year, including the number of victims assisted by the coordinator. ‘‘(b) OVERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) R
EPORTING .—Each sexual assault re-sponse coordinator shall— ‘‘(i) report directly to the Superintendent; and ‘‘(ii) have concurrent reporting responsibility to the Executive Director of the Maritime Ad-ministration on matters related to the Maritime Administration and the Department of Trans-portation and upon belief that the Academy leadership is acting inappropriately regarding sexual assault prevention and response matters. ‘‘(B) S
UPPORT .—The Maritime Administration Office of Civil Rights shall provide support to the sexual assault response coordinator at the Academy on all sexual harassment, dating vio-lence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking prevention matters. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON INVESTIGATION BY THE  
ACADEMY .—Any request by a victim for an ac-commodation, as described in subsection (a)(5)(F), made by a sexual assault response co-ordinator shall not trigger an investigation by the Academy, even if such coordinator deals only with matters relating to sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual as-sault, or stalking. ‘‘(3) P
ROHIBITION ON RETALIATION .—A sexual assault response coordinator, victim advocate, or companion may not be disciplined, penalized, or otherwise retaliated against by the Academy for representing the interests of the victim, even if such interests are in conflict with the interests of the Academy.’’. (b) A
CCESS OF ACADEMY MIDSHIPMEN TO DE-
PARTMENT OF DEFENSE SAFE H ELPLINE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Transpor-tation, acting through the Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly provide for the access to and use of the Department of De-fense SAFE Helpline by midshipmen at the Mer-chant Marine Academy. (2) T
RAINING .—The training provided to per-sonnel of the Department of Defense SAFE Helpline shall include training on the resources available to midshipmen at the Merchant Ma-rine Academy in connection with sexual assault, sexual harassment, domestic violence, dating vi-olence, and stalking. (c) R
EPEAL OF DUPLICATE REQUIREMENT .— Subsection (c) of section 51319 of title 46, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1)— (1) by striking paragraph (5); (2) redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (5); and (3) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3) and (4)’’. 
SEC. 13512. PROTECTION OF STUDENTS FROM SEXUAL ASSAULT ONBOARD VES-SELS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subtitle A of title XXXV of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing new section: ‘‘§ 51320. Protection of students from sexual assault onboard vessels ‘‘(a) PROVISION OF INDIVIDUAL SATELLITE  C
OMMUNICATION DEVICES DURING SEAYEAR.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall ensure that each midshipman at the United States Merchant Marine Academy is pro-vided a functional satellite communication de-vice during the midshipman’s Sea Year. ‘‘(2) C
HECK -IN.—Not less often than once each week, each such midshipman shall check-in with designated personnel at the Academy via the midshipman’s personal satellite communica-tion device. A text message sent via the mid-shipman’s personal satellite device shall meet the requirement for a weekly check-in for pur-poses of this paragraph. ‘‘(b) R
IDING GANGS.—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall— ‘‘(1) require the owner or operator of any com-mercial vessel carrying a midshipman of the Academy to certify their compliance with the International Convention for Safety of Life at Sea, 1974, with annex, done at London Novem-ber 1, 1974 (32 UST 47) and section 8106; and ‘‘(2) ensure the Academy informs midshipmen preparing for Sea Year of the obligations that vessel owners and operators have to provide for the security of individuals aboard a vessel under United States law, including chapter 81 and sec-tion 70103(c). ‘‘(c) C
HECKS OF COMMERCIAL VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not less frequently than biennially, the staff of the United States Mer-chant Marine Academy or the Maritime Admin-istration shall conduct both random and tar-geted unannounced checks of not less than 10 percent of the commercial vessels that host a midshipman from the Academy. ‘‘(2) R
EMOVAL OF STUDENTS .—If such staff de-termine that such a commercial vessel is in vio-lation of the sexual assault policy developed by the Academy through such a check, such staff are authorized to remove any midshipman of the Academy from the vessel and report any such violation to the company that owns the vessel. ‘‘(d) M
AINTENANCE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT  T
RAINING RECORDS .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall require each company or seafarer union for a commercial vessel to maintain records of sexual assault training for the crew and passengers of any vessel hosting a mid-shipman from the Academy. ‘‘(e) S
EAYEARSURVEY .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall require each midshipman from the Academy upon completion of the midshipman’s Sea Year to complete a survey regarding the en-vironment and conditions during the Sea Year. ‘‘(2) A
VAILABILITY .—The Maritime Adminis-trator shall make available to the public for each year— ‘‘(A) the questions used in the survey required by paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the aggregated data received from such surveys.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 513 of title 46, United States Code, as amended by subtitle A of title XXXV of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328), is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘51320. Protection of students from sexual as-sault onboard vessels.’’. 
SEC. 13513. TRAINING REQUIREMENT FOR SEX-UAL ASSAULT INVESTIGATORS. 
Each employee of the Office of Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Transportation who conducts investigations and who is assigned to the Regional Investigations Office in New York, New York— (1) to participate in specialized training in conducting sexual assault investigations; and (2) to attend at least 1 Federal Law Enforce-ment Training Center (FLETC) sexual assault investigation course, or equivalent sexual as-sault investigation training course, as deter-mined by the Inspector General, each year. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00214 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6087 September 25, 2017 
TITLE CXXXI—FUNDING TABLES 
SEC. 14001. FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Environmental Restoration, Navy, strike the amount in the Senate Author-ized column and insert ‘‘323,000’’. (b) In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Miscellaneous Appropria-tions, strike the amount in the Senate Author-ized column and insert ‘‘1,494,291’’. (c) In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Fuel Savings, increase the amount of the reduction indicated in the Senate Authorized column by $41,600,000. 
SEC. 14002. ADDITIONAL FUNDING TABLE MAT-TERS. 
(a) O PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRE-
SERVE .—In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Operation and Mainte-nance, Navy Reserve, Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization, add $5,000,000 to the Senate Authorized column. (b) O
PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNA-
TIONAL GUARD .—In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard, Facilities Sustainment, Restoration and Modernization, add $20,000,000, to the Senate Authorized col-umn. (c) F
UELSAVINGS .—In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Fuel Sav-ings, increase the amount of the reduction indi-cated in the Senate Authorized column by $25,000,000, (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a description of the manner in which the Secretary will allocate funds which shall be used by the Air Force and the National Guard to take actions to mitigate identified sources of polyfluoroalkyl substances at sites as a result of surveys conducted by the Armed Forces so as to restore public confidence in pota-ble water which may be affected in such sites. 
SEC. 14003. EXPANSION OF SKILLBRIDGE INITIA-TIVE TO INCLUDE PARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE BY SEC-
RETARY OF DEFENSE .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall make such modifications to the SkillBridge initiative of the Department of Defense as the Secretary con-siders appropriate to enable Federal agencies to participate in the initiative as employers and trainers, including the provision of training by Federal agencies under the initiative to transitioning members of the Armed Forces. (b) P
ARTICIPATION BY FEDERAL AGENCIES .— The Director, in consultation with the Sec-retary, shall take such actions as may be nec-essary to ensure that each Federal agency par-ticipates in the SkillBridge initiative of the De-partment of Defense as described in subsection (a). (c) T
RANSITIONING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED  F
ORCES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘transitioning member of the Armed Forces’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who is ex-pected to be discharged or released from active duty in the Armed Forces not more than 180 days after the member commences training under the SkillBridge initiative. 
SEC. 14004. TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF EX-TENDED PERIOD OF PROTECTIONS FOR MEMBERS OF UNIFORMED SERVICES RELATING TO MORT-GAGES, MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE, AND EVICTION. 
Section 710(d) of the Honoring America’s Vet-erans and Caring for Camp Lejeune Families Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–154; 50 U.S.C. 3953 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. SEC. 14005. REPORT ON COMPLIANCE WITH RUN-WAY CLEAR ZONE REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Service secretaries, shall submit to the congres-sional defense committees a report on Service compliance with Department of Defense and rel-evant Service policies regarding Department of Defense runway clear zones. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following ele-ments: (1) A listing of all Department of Defense run-way clear zones in the United States that are not in compliance with Department of Defense and relevant Service policies regarding Depart-ment of Defense runway clear zones. (2) A plan for bringing all Department of De-fense runway clear zones in full compliance with these policies, including a description of the resources required to bring these clear zones into policy compliance, and for providing res-titution for property owners. 
SEC. 14006. LIMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNATION OF SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR A CERTAIN DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNA -
TION.—The Secretary of Defense may not imple-ment the decision, issued on July 1, 2017, to can-cel the designation, under Department of De-fense Directive 4400.1E, entitled ‘‘Defense Pro-duction Act Programs’’ and dated October 12, 2001, of the Secretary of the Air Force as the De-partment of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the De-fense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) until the date specified in subsection (c). (b) D
ESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall continue to serve as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program de-scribed in subsection (a) until the date specified in subsection (c). (c) D
ATE SPECIFIED .—The date specified in this subsection is the earlier of— (1) the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2) the date of the enactment of a joint resolu-tion or an Act approving the implementation of the decision described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 14007. REPORT ON THE NATIONAL BIO-DEFENSE ANALYSIS AND COUNTER-MEASURES CENTER (NBACC) AND LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the appropriate Congressional committees a re-port, prepared in consultation with the officials listed in subsection (b), on the National Bio-defense Analysis and Countermeasures Center (referred to in this section as the ‘‘NBACC’’) containing the following information: (1) The functions of the NBACC. (2) The end users of the NBACC, including end users whose assets may be managed by other agencies. (3) The cost and mission impact for each user identified under paragraph (2) of any potential closure of the NBACC, including an analysis of the functions of the NBACC that cannot be rep-licated by other departments and agencies of the Federal Government. (4) In the case of closure of the NBACC, a transition plan for any essential functions cur-rently performed by the NBACC to ensure mis-sion continuity, including the storage of samples needed for ongoing criminal cases. (b) C
ONSULTATION .—The officials listed in this subsection are the following: (1) The Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation. (2) The Attorney General. (3) The Director of National Intelligence. (4) As determined by the Secretary of Home-land Security, the leaders of other offices that utilize the NBACC. (c) FORM.—The report submitted under sub-section (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  D
EFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘appropriate Congressional Committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (3) the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (6) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (7) the Committee on Judiciary of the Senate; (8) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; (9) the Committee on Oversight and Govern-ment Reform of the House of Representatives; (10) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (11) the Permanent Select Committee on Intel-ligence of the House of Representatives. (e) T
RANSITION PERIOD .—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall include a transition adjustment period of not less than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, or 180 days after the date on which the report required in under this section is submitted to Congress, whichever is later, during which none of the funds authorized to be appropriated under this Act or any other Act may be used to support the closure, transfer, or other diminishment of the NBACC or its functions. 
SEC. 14008. BUY AMERICAN ACT TRAINING FOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORK-FORCE. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that the Inspec-tor General of the Department of Defense has issued a series of reports finding deficiencies in the adherence to the provisions of the Buy American Act and recommending improvements in training for the Defense acquisition work-force. (b) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report evaluating Buy American training policies for the Defense acquisition workforce. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report shall include the following elements: (A) A summary and assessment of mandated training courses for Department of Defense ac-quisition personnel responsible for procuring items that are subject to the Berry Amendment and Buy American Act. (B) Options for alternative training models for contracting personnel on Buy American and Berry Amendment requirements. 
SEC. 14009. 
In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Environmental Restoration, Air Force, increase the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Subtotal Environmental Res-toration, Air Force, increase the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Miscellaneous Appropria-tions, increase the amount in the Senate Au-thorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Undistributed, Line number 999, reduce the amount in the Senate Authorized col-umn by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Fuel Savings, increase the amount of the reduction indicated in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00215 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6088 September 25, 2017 
In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Subtotal Undistributed, reduce the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. In the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Total Undistributed, reduce the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $20,000,000. 
SEC. 14010. RECOGNITION OF THE NATIONAL MU-SEUM OF WORLD WAR II AVIATION. 
(a) R ECOGNITION .—The National Museum of World War II Aviation in Colorado Springs, Col-orado, is recognized as America’s National World War II Aviation Museum. (b) E
FFECT OF RECOGNITION .—The National Museum recognized by this section is not a unit of the National Park System, and the recogni-tion of the National Museum shall not be con-strued to require or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to the Na-tional Museum. 
SEC. 14011. INCREASED TERM LIMIT FOR INTER-GOVERNMENTAL SUPPORT AGREE-MENTS TO PROVIDE INSTALLATION SUPPORT SERVICES. 
Section 2679(a)(2)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘five years’’ and inserting ‘‘ten years.’’ 
SEC. 14012. REPORT ON UTILIZATION OF SMALL BUSINESSES FOR FEDERAL CON-TRACTS. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds that— (1) since the passage of the Budget Control Act of 2011 (Public Law 112–25; 125 Stat. 240), many Federal agencies have started favoring longer-term Federal contracts, including mul-tiple award contracts, over direct individual awards; (2) these multiple award contracts have grown to more than one-fifth of Federal contract spending, with the fastest growing multiple award contracts surpassing $100,000,000 in obli-gations for the first time between 2013 and 2014; (3) in fiscal year 2017, 17 of the 20 largest Fed-eral contract opportunities are multiple award contracts; (4) while Federal agencies may choose to use any or all of the various socio-economic groups on a multiple award contract, the Small Busi-ness Administration only examines socio-eco-nomic performance through the small business procurement scorecard and does not examine po-tential opportunities by those groups; and (5) Congress and the Department of Justice have been clear that no individual socio-eco-nomic group shall be given preference over an-other. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Ad-ministrator of the Small Business Administra-tion; (2) the term ‘‘covered small business concerns’’ means— (A) HUBZone small business concerns; (B) small business concerns owned and con-trolled by service-disabled veterans; (C) small business concerns owned and con-trolled by women; and (D) socially and economically disadvantaged small business concerns, as defined in section 8(a)(4)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(4)(A)), receiving assistance under such section 8(a); and (3) the terms ‘‘HUBZone small business con-cern’’, ‘‘small business concern’’, ‘‘small busi-ness concern owned and controlled by service- disabled veterans’’, and ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by women’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (c) R
EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Adminis-trator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report that in-cludes— (A) a determination as to whether small busi-ness concerns and each category of covered small business concerns described in subpara-graphs (A) through (D) of subsection (b)(2) are being utilized in a significant portion of the Federal market on multiple award contracts, in-cluding— (i) whether awards are being reserved for 1 or more of those categories; and (ii) whether each such category is being given the opportunity to perform on multiple award contracts; (B) a determination as to whether perform-ance requirements for multiple award contracts, as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, are feasible and appropriate for small business concerns; and (C) any additional information as the Admin-istrator may determine necessary. (2) REQUIREMENT .—In making the determina-tions required under paragraph (1), the Admin-istrator shall use information from multiple award contracts— (A) with varied assigned North American In-dustry Classification System codes; and (B) that were awarded by not less than 8 Fed-eral agencies. 
SEC. 14013. VENUE FOR PROSECUTION OF MARI-TIME DRUG TRAFFICKING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 70504(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(b) V
ENUE.—A person violating section 70503 or 70508— ‘‘(1) shall be tried in the district in which such offense was committed; or ‘‘(2) if the offense was begun or committed upon the high seas, or elsewhere outside the ju-risdiction of any particular State or district, may be tried in any district.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1009(d) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 959(d)) is amended— (1) in the subsection title, by striking ‘‘; V
ENUE’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Any person who violates this section shall be tried in the United States dis-trict court at the point of entry where such per-son enters the United States, or in the United States District Court for the District of Colum-bia.’’. 
SEC. 14014. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON FIRE PRO-TECTION IN DEPARTMENT OF DE-FENSE FACILITIES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) portable fire extinguishers are essential to the safety of members of the Armed Forces and their families; (2) the current United Facilities Criteria could be updated to ensure it provides members of the Armed Forces, their families, and other Depart-ment of Defense personnel with the most modern fire protection standards that are met by their civilian counterparts, including requiring port-able fire extinguishers on military installations; (3) United Facilities Criteria 3–600–01, Section 4–9, dated September 26, 2006, addresses the na-tional and international standards for fire safe-ty and Department of Defense Facilities; and (4) the Secretary of Defense should consider amending the current United Facilities Criteria Section 9–17.1 to address the standards outlined by United Facilities Criteria 3–600–01, Section 4– 9, dated September 26, 2006. 
SEC. 14015. 
In the funding table in section 4101, in the item relating to Littoral Combat Ship, increase the amount in the Senate Authorized column by $600,000,000. In line 999 of the funding table in section 4301, in the item relating to Fuel Savings, increase the reduction by $600,000,000. NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZA-TION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018—MOTION TO PROCEED—Con-tinued 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY , SEPTEMBER 26 , 2017 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, Sep-tember 26; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; further, that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to S. 1519; finally, that the Senate re-cess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. to allow for the weekly conference meet-ings. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from Arkansas. 
60TH ANNIVERSARY OF CENTRAL HIGH SCHOOL ’S 
INTEGRATION  
Mr. BOOZMAN. Mr. President, I rise to mark an important occasion in my home State of Arkansas and our coun-try. In September of 1957, nine young Af-rican-American teens who were deter-mined to receive the same education that had only been available to their White peers became the focus of an event that had repercussions through-out the Nation. When the Supreme Court ruled that the racial segregation of public schools was unconstitutional in its 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision, it paved the way for integration of public schools across the country. Although the highest Court in the land had spoken, the process of deseg-regating the public schools was com-plex and still faced incredible opposi-tion. Civil rights groups worked with citizens to help them enroll students of color in traditionally all-White schools. The Little Rock Nine were beneficiaries of such assistance from Daisy Bates and the Arkansas NAACP, among others. On the first day of class in the fall of 1957, Little Rock Central High School became ground zero in the movement for public school integration. Governor Orval Faubus called in the Arkansas National Guard amid threats from pro- segregationists to hold protests at Cen-tral High and prevent any African- American students from entering the school. Unfortunately, the Guard was initially deployed in order to help thwart the integration effort, and as a result, Arkansas and Central High be-came a flashpoint that represented just how difficult integration would be, es-pecially across the South. Despite the hostility, there were forces within Lit-tle Rock that were working together to successfully achieve a peaceful public school desegregation, starting with Central High. Eventually, President Eisenhower sent the 101st Airborne Division of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00216 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6089 September 25, 2017 
U.S. Army to Little Rock and federal-ized the Arkansas National Guard to protect the students and ensure public safety at a time when tensions were running very high throughout the city. President Eisenhower’s actions helped make it possible for the Little Rock Nine to actually enter the school and attend class. Even though they were al-lowed to attend Central High, the Afri-can-American students were still sub-jected to a daunting amount of abuse and hostility. They told stories of being threatened and intimidated by fellow students and mistreated by the school’s administration. Ernest Green, Elizabeth Eckford, Jef-ferson Thomas, Terrence Roberts, Carlotta Walls LaNier, Minnijean Brown, Gloria Ray Karlmark, Thelma Mothershed, and Melba Pattillo Beals each chose to confront injustice and in-equality in a very visible and coura-geous way. These Arkansans are now icons of the civil rights movement. Their actions and willingness to step forward and face what they had to have known would have been an incredibly difficult and emotional experience de-serves celebration and recognition. By resolving to carry out these actions at such a young age, the Little Rock Nine set an example for Americans of every age to follow. It takes courage to do the right thing in the face of over-whelming adversity. That lesson has not been forgotten. Arkansas has come a long way since the integration of Central High. While there is still work left to be done, Ar-kansans are proud of the progress we have made. Today, leaders and citizens across our State come together to pro-mote equality and celebrate our diver-sity. The theme of the 60th anniversary celebration of Central High’s integra-tion is ‘‘Reflections of Progress.’’ This is so appropriate given that we have in-deed made so much progress in the years that have followed the tumul-tuous start to integration. In an effort to ensure that the legacy of the Little Rock Nine lives on, exhib-its and items recognizing their con-tributions are on display at the Smith-sonian National Museum of African American History and Culture in Wash-ington, DC. The museum itself is a moving experience that I highly rec-ommend for every visitor to our Na-tion’s Capital. For Arkansans, we have an added incentive to visit in order to see the displays that honor the brave actions and determination of these Lit-tle Rock teens. We are also grateful that these items are on view for the en-tire country to observe and reflect upon. The integration of Central High School serves as a poignant reminder of where we have been as a country but also of where we are headed. I am eager to work with my fellow Arkansans and all Americans as we pursue a better fu-ture for ourselves, our children, and our grandchildren. I am proud to support legislation in-troduced by my fellow Arkansas, Sen-ator T OMCOTTON , to extend the bound-ary of the Little Rock Central High School National Historic Site in order to preserve the surrounding buildings. It is inspiring to know that our State is taking the opportunity to appro-priately mark this significant occa-sion. I commend the city of Little Rock, the Little Rock School District, and the Central High Integration 60th An-niversary Committee for the hard work and preparation to properly honor and celebrate this historic milestone. I thank all who have been involved in the planning of this celebration. I know that it will provide many Arkan-sans the chance to remember and re-flect upon the Central High integration and the Little Rock Nine and also to educate younger generations about the struggle for equal rights. We will cer-tainly build upon the celebration and take another step forward by remem-bering our history and creating a brighter tomorrow. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Ohio. Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I want to make a couple of comments. Thanks to Senator B
OOZMAN for honoring the lit-tle known, courageous, now no longer young men and women but then boys and girls of Little Rock. I have had the good fortune of get-ting to know over the years Ernie Green, who was the senior in high school of the Little Rock group. He went on to Michigan State. Martin Lu-ther King attended his, I believe, high school graduation, maybe his Michigan State graduation. I am not sure. My brother arranged for my daugh-ter, some years ago on her birthday, to get to have dinner with Ernie Green be-cause we had watched the docudrama of the Ernie Green story, about the young men and women of Little Rock. I say thank you to Senator B
OOZMAN  for honoring them. 
DISASTER RELIEF FOR PUERTO RICO AND THE  
U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS  
Mr. President, I want to take a mo-ment for the millions of American citi-zens who are fighting for their lives in Puerto Rico, to never ever forget that the people in Puerto Rico and the Vir-gin Islands are, in fact, American citi-zens. It has been 5 days since Hurricane Maria ripped through the island of Puerto Rico. People are without power, they are without communication, and in many cases with no end in sight. My staff has checked to see the con-dition of the veterans hospitals, both in Puerto Rico and in the three Amer-ican Virgin Islands. There has been a mixed response. Some of them are up and running with electricity and water. Some of them are running with a gen-erator. Some of them have been simply suspended or closed for a period of time. It is up to us to make sure—one of the first things we can do is make sure those hospitals are served and running, and there is obviously so much more we need to do. Much of the island of Puerto Rico re-mains mostly cut off from San Juan. The government has dispatched run-ners on foot to try to maintain contact in towns outside the capital. Towns are blocked from rescuers. Patients are worried they will run out of medicine. The Washington Post talked to a woman in a mountain town. Her moth-er has diabetes. They have no power. She worries they will run out of pre-scriptions or generator fuel to keep her insulin refrigerated. I repeat. These are citizens of the United States of Amer-ica. She is worried her mother’s ulcer will become infected. She fans her mother with a piece of cardboard to keep the flies away. These are American citizens. We can-not ignore them. Puerto Rico’s sec-retary of the Department of Agri-culture estimated the storm wiped out 80 percent of the crop value on the is-land. Entire farms were wiped out. En-tire plantations are destroyed. One farmer said there will be no food in Puerto Rico. Officials predict the storm will set the island back for dec-ades. Listen to JENNIFFER GONZALEZ , Puer-to Rico’s representative in Congress. Understand that Puerto Rico elects a Congressman or, in this case, a Con-gresswoman. She comes here. She doesn’t have voting rights on the floor of the House of Representatives so Puerto Rico has representation but not the kind of representation Oklahoma or Ohio has, but, again, they are citi-zens of the United States of America. The Resident Commissioner said: 
The devastation . . . has set us back 20 to 30 years. I can’t deny that the Puerto Rico of now is different from that of a week ago. The destruction of properties, of flattened struc-tures, of families without homes, of debris everywhere. The island’s greenery is gone. 
Our country has been hit hard by hurricanes this year. I was proud of the way we came together in this body to support the people of Texas after Hur-ricane Harvey. That seems almost like ancient history. We have seen bipar-tisan cooperation on getting aid to Florida following Hurricane Irma. Our job is far from done. There is more to do. We must do the same thing for our brothers and sisters, our fellow Amer-ican citizens in Puerto Rico. We need to provide relief to the people of Puerto Rico with all the resources we always provide to American citizens when Mother Nature deals us a devastating blow. We can’t allow children and grandparents to die waiting for help in our own backyard. 
TRIBUTE TO CATHY GLENN AND DAVE AHART  
Mr. President, this building is full of people who work hard to make our gov-ernment function. I am not really talk-ing about Senators. I am talking about low-paid workers in our cafeteria, I am talking about people who keep the of-fices clean for our constituents, I am talking about the tour guides who give 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00217 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.021 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6090 September 25, 2017 
Americans from all over the country a glimpse of the historic buildings, and I am talking about the clerks right here on the Senate floor. These people work so hard in the background. Too often they don’t get the credit they deserve serving the American public. I want to honor two of them today. This week, the Senate is losing two of the kindest, most cheerfully hard- working and imaginative people in this building, my dear friends Cathy Glenn and Dave Ahart. For nearly three decades, Cathy and Dave worked in the Senate recording studio, helping all of us do one of our most important jobs, talking with and listening to the people with whom we serve. For a decade, I have spent my Thurs-day mornings—virtually every Thurs-day morning the Senate is in session— with Cathy and Dave. Every Thursday morning, I go to the radio studio to talk with radio stations across Ohio. It is early. It is toward the end of the week so no one would blame them for being quiet or even being grumpy, but Dave and Cathy always bring joy to ev-eryone around them. Because of them and Ohio’s great radio hosts, Thursday morning is among the highlights of my week here. We share friendship. We share baseball. They give me baseball trivia questions I can later then test on Senator M
CCAINor Senator S CHUMER . They do all right, I should say. Anyone who knows me knows I am a Cleveland Indians fan. The Indians have won 29 out of the last 31—never equaled in Major League history, ex-cept in 1884, it is believed. I am also a pretty big fan of baseball trivia, and that is something Dave, Cathy, and I share. About every week since 2007, I arrive at the radio studio to a new baseball trivia question before I do my radio interview. We lost the records from the first couple of years, but the first question we have on record is dated July 29, 2010: Name the only two Hall of Fame pitchers—at that time—with losing records. Sometimes they give me hints, espe-cially early in the morning. They had hints. Hint No. 1: One pitcher was a starter and one was a re-liever. Hint No. 2: One of the pitchers pitched in the big leagues from 1948 to 1965. Hint No. 3: One of them pitched for the Major Leagues from 1968 to 1985. The answer is—not to keep you in sus-pense—Satchel Paige, who played for the Indians and St. Louis Browns. Life-time, he had 28 wins and 31 losses, but he was one of the greatest pitchers in the Negro League. He was born in the early 1900s, starting in the 1920s, when he was perhaps the single best pitcher in the Negro League. The Cleveland In-dians, under the ownership of Bill Veeck, soon after they signed Larry Doby, the first Black player in the league, signed Satchel Paige, who helped to take the Indians to the World Series that year. The other pitcher was Rollie Fingers of Steubenville, OH. He played for the Oakland A’s and San Diego Padres. He had 114 wins and 118 losses. He had more losses than he had wins because he was a closer or relief pitcher who finished off games, and typically they have more losses than they have wins. I don’t want to go into those details on the Senate floor because many people who are listening probably don’t really care, but I do, and so I am going to continue. Dave and Cathy’s dedication to America’s game and to bringing joy to their jobs didn’t end there. They made baseball dioramas, a word I did not even know until I came to the Senate and met them. Sometimes a baseball diorama is sort of a 3–D replication of a baseball stadium, complete with a nod to their favorite baseball-loving canine, my dog Franklin Roosevelt. People who know me know that of course our dog is named after Franklin Roosevelt. They celebrated opening day every April—all of us having hope for the next year—with popcorn, peanuts, and crackerjacks in the radio studio. What always moved me wasn’t just the love for baseball—that counted for a lot— but their incredible kindness, thought-fulness, and joy of living. That is what makes them such good friends to each other, to Connie, Rachel, and me. I can’t think of anyone in this build-ing who deserves a long, happy retire-ment more than Dave and Cathy. I wish them years of time spent with friends and loved ones and with a hus-band and a wife watching a lot of base-ball games. Selfishly, I wish Dave and Cathy wouldn’t go. Your friendship has meant so much to me. Thursday morn-ings just will not be the same. Thank you. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CFPB RULE  
Ms. WARREN. Mr. President, Wells Fargo creates 3.5 million fake ac-counts, charging customers fees and ruining credit scores. Equifax lets hackers steal personal information on 143 million Americans, putting nearly 60 percent of American adults at risk of identity theft. What is the Republican Party’s response? To take away your legal rights to hold companies like Wells Fargo and Equifax accountable. I know that sounds nuts, but it is true. Here is the issue. If you have a checking account, a credit card, a pri-vate student loan, or any other number of financial products, there is a good chance that you have given up your right to go to court if this financial firm cheats you. That is because mil-lions of financial contracts include a forced arbitration clause that says that, if you want to legally challenge something your financial company did to you, you can’t join with other cus-tomers in court. You have to go to ar-bitration all by yourself. Think about what that means in the real world. You wake up one morning, and you find a mysterious $30 fee on your account statement. You call the bank and say: Hey, I didn’t agree to this. The bank tells you: Go pound sand. So what are your options? Well, if there is no forced arbitration clause in your contract, you can join a class action lawsuit against the bank for free. Chances are you are not the only customer who got hit with an un-authorized $30 fee. A class action gives you a chance to get some of that money back, and, just as importantly, the bank might actually have to cough up some real money and think twice before hitting you and their other cus-tomers with hidden fees again. Think what happens if there is a forced arbitration clause. You can’t join with other customers in court. Your only option is to go out on your own and file an arbitration claim, which will cost you $200 or more just to get started. OK. Who is going to pay $200 to get back a $30 fee? No one. And that is exactly what the banks are counting on. They can get away with nickel-and-diming you forever. Earlier this year, the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau put a stop to that. They issued a new rule that prohibits financial companies from forcing you to give up your right to join in a class action. The rule guaran-tees your right to join other customers in court and to hold your bank ac-countable. But Republicans in Congress are now coming after the rule. House Repub-licans have already voted to reverse the rule, and now Senate Republicans are gearing up to follow suit. Make no mistake: Anyone who votes to reverse this rule is saying loud and clear that they side with the banks over their own constituents, because bank lobbyists are the only ones who are asking Congress to reverse this rule. Every other organization—all of those that represent actual human beings—want the rule to be saved. Let me read from just a few. The Military Coalition, which represents more than 5.5 million veterans and servicemembers, supports the CFPB rule because ‘‘our nation’s veterans should not be deprived of the constitu-tional rights and freedoms that they put their lives on the line to protect, including the right to have their claims heard in a trial.’’ The Coalition says, ‘‘The catastrophic consequences these [forced arbitration] clauses pose for our all-voluntary military fighting force’s morale and our national secu-rity are vital reasons’’ to preserve the rule. The AARP, which represents nearly 40 million American seniors, says that the CFPB rule should be preserved be-cause it ‘‘is a critical step in restoring consumers’ access to legal remedies 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00218 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.023 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6091 September 25, 2017 
that have been undermined by the widespread use of forced arbitration for many years.’’ And the Main Street Alliance, which represents thousands of small busi-nesses, says the CFPB rule will help small businesses fight against big fi-nancial firms that try to drive up their fees. There it is: veterans, servicemem-bers, seniors, small businesses, con-sumers—all lining up to support the CFPB rule. But that is not all. Let Freedom Ring, which is an organiza-tion that proudly touts itself as ‘‘sup-porting the conservative agenda’’ likes the CFPB rule too. They say it is ‘‘in keeping with our Framers’ concerns that without appropriate protections, civil proceedings can be used as a means to oppress the powerless.’’ That is the thing we have to under-stand. The effort to reverse the CFPB rule isn’t about promoting a conserv-ative agenda, and it sure as heck is not about promoting a working people’s agenda. It is about advancing the do-nors’ agenda, the big money agenda. That is it, period. It is amazing. Not even a decade ago, the banks sparked a financial crisis that hurt millions of working families. And while the big banks got a taxpayer bailout and are back to doling out mul-timillion-dollar bonuses to their execu-tives, a lot of working families are still struggling to recover. Yet, here in Congress, the Republican Party is still carrying water for the big banks. The big banks say: Jump. The Republican Party asks: How high? The big banks tell Congress to take away their customers’ rights to hold them accountable, and the Republican Party says: You bet. The big banks say: Take away those rights right now—right on the heels of Wells Fargo and Equifax sticking it to millions of customers. The Republican Party, without an ounce of shame, says: Yes, sir, just keep those donations coming. The Republican Party will stop car-rying water for the big banks only if you demand it. There are a lot of dol-lars on the other side, but your votes, your calls, your emails can make a real difference. Tell your Senators to stand up to the big banks and vote no on this resolution. 
HEALTHCARE  
Mr. President, over the past several weeks, families all over this country have raised their voices yet again. They have not given up, nor have they been shouted down, and they have made it very clear where they stand on the issue of healthcare. The American people don’t want tens of millions of people to lose their healthcare coverage. They don’t want to open the door to insurance compa-nies discriminating against people with preexisting conditions or eliminating addiction coverage or denying care for people with mental illness. They don’t want to kick our grandmothers out of nursing homes or tell the parents of ba-bies born prematurely that they are on their own to deal with a multimillion- dollar hospital bill. They don’t want the Republican healthcare repeal bills—not any of the bills that have come before and not the latest version that was revealed this morning that is still as rotten to the core as every bill that has come before it. Doctors and nurses don’t want the Republican repeal. Neither do hospitals and insurance companies and nursing homes and Governors and State insur-ance commissioners. But Senate Republicans plow ahead anyway. They are so desperate to de-stroy the Affordable Care Act that they keep yelling about how our healthcare system is in crisis, how it is imploding in front of our very eyes, trying to convince everyone that we need to blow the whole thing up in order to save it. But the thing is, while Republicans try to manufacture an imaginary healthcare crisis to justify their cruel repeal bill, there is a real crisis about to unfold—a crisis created by the Republicans. September 30 is the deadline for sev-eral healthcare provisions. If Congress doesn’t act this week, Federal pro-grams that help children, pregnant women, people in need of addiction treatment, veterans, Medicare bene-ficiaries, and other populations will run out of funding or just expire alto-gether. In many cases, Republicans and Democrats have bills stacked up, just waiting to get a vote, the agreements all hammered out. But instead of bringing those bills to the floor, the Republican leadership is fixated on re-pealing health insurance coverage. They insist on voting again on some-thing that most of America doesn’t want while they ignore the work on healthcare that needs to get done now. This is beyond stupid. One of the most important programs that will be expiring is the Children’s Health Insurance Program, which pro-vides coverage for 9 million low-income children and pregnant women across this country. Senator Ted Kennedy and Senator ORRIN HATCH wrote this legis-lation together back in the 1990s. Today, that program works with Med-icaid to provide health insurance for one out of every three kids in this country, including foster children and kids with special health needs. Senator H
ATCH and Senator W YDEN — a Republican and a Democrat—have a bill ready to go to extend this program. Funding expires on September 30, but instead of holding a vote on that bill, Republicans want to spend this week trying to squeeze reluctant Senators to support the Graham-Cassidy bill, which contains permanent cuts to the Med-icaid Program. Then there is the funding for commu-nity health centers, which provide high-quality, integrated care. In Mas-sachusetts, our community health cen-ters serve one in every seven residents. Our health centers are on the frontlines of the opioid epidemic. They are working to eradicate tuberculosis. They are improving nutritional health. They are taking the stigma out of men-tal health treatments. And they save money, promoting prevention and re-ducing the use of hospital emergency rooms. Community health centers are a big part of what is working well in healthcare today—more coverage at lower cost. They work, but they are running out of time. Funding for com-munity health centers runs out on Sep-tember 30. Last week, 70 U.S. Sen-ators—including 24 Republicans— signed a letter urging Congress to act to extend this funding. But instead of extending these funds, the Senate Re-publican leaders say: Too bad, we are too busy trying to knock millions of people out of healthcare coverage. Then there is the funding for medical training at a special type of health cen-ter—teaching health centers. This pro-gram helps train primary care doctors. Greater Lawrence Family Health Cen-ter in Massachusetts was the very first community health center in the coun-try to have a residency program like this. Almost 80 percent of their resi-dents continue to work in underserved communities after they graduate— areas that often have a shortage of pri-mary care physicians. Funding for this program also runs out on September 30. Senator COLLINS  and Senator T
ESTER —a Republican and a Democrat—have a bill ready to go to extend funding for teaching health cen-ters. But instead of holding a vote on that bill this week, Republicans have said: Sorry, we are too busy trying to take away healthcare coverage from the many people who walk through the doors of community health centers. What else is at risk if Senate Repub-licans refuse to act before September 30? A whole package of Medicare Pro-grams, which help seniors and people with disabilities access the care they need. In Massachusetts, this includes the SHINE Program, which helps Medi-care beneficiaries pick the right health insurance plans. Medicaid payments that go to hos-pitals treating large numbers of low-in-come patients are also going to run out. Funds for the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Pro-gram, which funds home visits to new and expectant parents to help give them the training they need and the help they need to keep a new baby healthy and safe, will run out. Sen-ators Grassley and Menendez—a Repub-lican and a Democrat—have a bipar-tisan bill ready to go. But instead of voting to help those new babies and their families, Republicans want us to vote on a bill to take away health in-surance. Let’s not forget the bipartisan com-promise that Senator A
LEXANDER and Senator M
URRAY —a Republican and a Democrat—were working on to lower health insurance premiums. In order to keep insurance premiums down for mil-lions of insurance plans, the bill has to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00219 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.025 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6092 September 25, 2017 
pass this week. But Republicans walked away from the table because it is more important to them to rip healthcare from millions of Americans than to lower healthcare costs for hard-working families across this coun-try. There is a whole list of concrete things that Republicans and Democrats could be working on together to im-prove healthcare in this country— healthcare for babies, for new moms, for seniors on Medicaid, for people with disabilities, and for every American who buys an ACA insurance plan. In fact, behind the scenes, Republicans and Democrats have already been working together on these programs. The bills are ready to go. They are drafted, they are printed up, and they are just waiting for a vote. We are on the edge of a healthcare crisis. It is a healthcare crisis created by the Senate Republican leadership that insists that we burn time off the clock this week, voting on yet another effort to rip away people’s health in-surance. The Senate has real work to do— work that could help millions of Amer-ican families. It is time to drop this cruel effort to repeal healthcare and instead focus on making sure that im-portant health programs don’t run out of funds in the next few days. That is what the American people want to see us do. Mr. President, I yield. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
ILLIS ). The Senator from Connecticut. Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, let me associate myself with the remarks of the Senator from Massachusetts. There is a lot of work we need to do this week; she is right. There are healthcare crises right around the cor-ner for millions of kids and families that we could be working on solving right now. As the Senator knows, both Connecticut and Massachusetts are still being wrecked by an opioid cri-sis—one that in my State is getting worse by the year, not better. We could be working together on that. We have brothers and sisters all throughout the United States who are right now in cri-sis because of devastating storms that have hit. We could be working together on trying to provide a meaningful re-sponse, and we aren’t. Yet, again, we are back now talking about TrumpCare redux. This is version 10, version 11. I think there have been three versions already this week. This one is really the most dangerous version yet. CBO just released a scaled-down anal-ysis, noting that there was no way they would be able to provide a full analysis given the compressed schedule, given the need to pass this by the end of this week because of Republicans’ desire to make sure that not a single Democrat is included in the negotiation. They gave us some hints as to what their score would say once it was fully com-pleted. Federal spending on Medicaid would be reduced by $1 trillion over the course of this decade. There is simply no way to rip $1 trillion out of the Med-icaid system—the Medicaid system, by the way, as all my colleagues know, that provides insurance to the disabled, to children, and to the elderly—with-out millions of people losing access to healthcare, people who have nowhere else to go. CBO unsurprisingly says that the number of people with comprehensive health insurance would be reduced by millions, and they predict that States would allow insurers to set premiums on the basis of an individuals’ health status. None of that is news to people who have read this piece of legislation. I want to talk for a second about why CBO comes to those conclusions and why this is the most dangerous version of the bill yet. In this bill is a massive reordering of the American healthcare system. The healthcare exchanges, which right now insure millions of Americans across the country, are essentially eliminated under this bill because the whole rea-son they existed was to funnel tax credits that are attached to individuals based on their income to help them buy insurance. Those tax credits go away under this proposal; thus, the ex-changes go away. Medicare as an entitlement is ended by this bill. No longer will you as an individual have a payment from the Federal Government attached to you because of your income or your health status or your disability. States will now get a block sum of money to do es-sentially what they wish, which may or may not cover the same number of peo-ple today covered under Medicaid. While proponents of this bill are try-ing to contend that it still protects people with preexisting conditions, no one is buying it, no one is believing it, because on the face of the text, it does not. It is important to explain why that is. While technically it is up to the States as to whether they protect peo-ple with preexisting conditions, under this new version, States can just sign a form that allows them to permit insur-ers to price based on medical acuity again—meaning charge sick people more. They will have to exercise that option under this version of TrumpCare. They will be forced to ex-ercise that option because what is also eliminated by this version of TrumpCare is the requirement that healthy individuals buy insurance. You cannot require insurance companies to charge sick people the same as healthy people if you don’t provide incentives for healthy people to sign up. There is no incentive, at least under the latest version of the bill that I read; thus, anybody who has taken a semester’s worth of education on insurance prac-tice will tell you that States will be faced with two choices: one, reimpose their own individual mandate—and I am going to guarantee you that based on the vitriol that has been launched against the individual mandate from Republicans in this Chamber and the House of Representatives over the past 6 years, most States will probably not take on their Republican Senators and congressional delegation by passing their individual mandate—or they will be forced to drop the protection for people with preexisting conditions. CBO and JCT anticipate that many States—I would argue the majority of States—will have to drop that protec-tion for people with preexisting condi-tions because they will not pass an in-dividual mandate; thus, rates will sky-rocket for sick people or anybody who has ever been sick, making insurance unaccessible for Americans who have had a cancer diagnosis or an addiction diagnosis or a mental illness diagnosis. This bill is a massive reorientation of the American healthcare system, the elimination of Medicaid as we know it, the end of the healthcare insurance ex-changes, the end of the tax credits to help people buy healthcare insurance, and the end of the mandatory national protections for people against abusive insurance practices. We are potentially going to vote on this later this week without a CBO score—with one hear-ing, with no markups. I don’t care how mad my Republican friends were about how the Affordable Care Act was passed. That was done in an open process, with dozens of hear-ings, with markups in every com-mittee, with 30 days of debate on the floor of the U.S. Senate, with hundreds of Republican amendments that were offered and adopted as part of the af-fordable healthcare act, with over a year of public input and debate about the pros and cons of the proposal. None of that is happening on Gra-ham-Cassidy. This is being rushed through in the dead of night, with no time for Americans to review it, no time for Members of this body to look at it, and no ability for any Senator in the Democratic Party to be able to have any input into the final product. This is nothing like what happened on the Affordable Care Act. No matter how mad you are that in the end you couldn’t vote for it, Republicans had plenty of opportunity to have a say. The American people had plenty of op-portunity to take a look at it. That is not happening with Graham-Cassidy. Because there is no CBO score, we have to rely on outside independent groups to size up the potential disaster of this bill. The Center for American Progress—which admittedly is a left- leaning organization but is one of the few that have taken the time to take a look at the text and what it will mean—came to the conclusion that 32 million people would lose coverage. The Commonwealth Fund, which is not a political organization, which is an independent, nonpartisan healthcare think tank, essentially came to the same conclusion, saying that after 2026, 32 million people would lose coverage. The Commonwealth Fund says that 15 to 18 million people could become unin-sured by 2019. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00220 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.026 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6093 September 25, 2017 
I have had this chart up here for 3 or 4 months, and I have had to adjust it over and over again because it started out with 23 million people losing insur-ance as we analyzed the first Repub-lican repeal bill. Then, when the new version came in, you can see I had to write in 22 million people because the amended version that we were going to vote on right before the break was 1 million better. I had to redo my chart based upon this analysis of Graham- Cassidy, resulting in 32 million people losing insurance. Thirty-two million people. It is hard to understand how many people—32 million people will be losing insurance over the course of 10 years. That is the total population of Alaska, Delaware, Hawaii, Idaho, Kan-sas, Maine, Montana, Nebraska, Ne-vada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Dakota, South Dakota, West Virginia. We had to cross out Rhode Is-land, but then we had to add Mis-sissippi, Arkansas, Vermont, Wyoming, and Utah. Forgive me; I had to do my own art-ist’s rendering of these States because the data is coming in so fast and the vote is coming so quickly, I didn’t have time to have this chart made up again. That is 32 million people. Think about that. Over 10 years, the equiva-lent population of all of these States— what is that? 17 States, 19 States—all losing healthcare at the same time. That is a humanitarian catastrophe, and nobody knows it because this bill is being pushed through without any debate, without any CBO score. That is what could happen if this passes. It is no surprise that basically every-body in the American healthcare sys-tem opposes this piece of legislation. The proponents cannot find a single verifier inside the medical community for this piece of legislation. This morning, I heard Senator G
RA-
HAM say: Well, that is to be expected. You know, we are making a big reform, and anytime you are making a big re-form, the status quo players aren’t going to like the result. Well, that is a little unfair because the status quo for groups like the American Heart Association or the Ju-venile Diabetes Research Foundation or the American Cancer Society—the status quo for them is that their mem-bers—people who have cancer or juve-nile diabetes or heart disease—don’t go bankrupt any longer because they can’t afford insurance. So, yes, they are kind of upset that 32 million people are going to lose insurance—many of their members—and that we are going to go back to the day in which if you are sick, if you have cancer, in most States, you can be charged more. So, yes, people are protective of the status quo—the part of the status quo that makes sure that sick people or people who have ever been sick don’t lose in-surance. I think it is actually worthwhile for just a second—bear with me—to give a quick sense as to how many people in the medical community oppose this bill. Here is just a beginning list: the AARP, the School Superintendents As-sociation, America’s Health Insurance Plans, the ALS Association, America’s Essential Hospitals, America’s pedi-atric dentists, the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Association on Health and Disability, the American Cancer Society, the American Dental Association, the American College of Physicians, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American Dia-betes Association, the American Fed-eration of Teachers, the American Heart Association, the American Hos-pital Association, the American Lung Association, the American Osteopathic Association, the American Medical As-sociation, the American Public Health Association, the American Psychiatric Association, the American Psycho-logical Association, the Arthritis Foundation, the Big Cities Health Coa-lition, Blue Cross Blue Shield, the Chil-dren’s Hospital Association, the Center for Medicare Advocacy, the Cystic Fi-brosis Foundation, the Endocrine Soci-ety, Family Voices, the Federation of American Hospitals, the HIV Medicine Association, the Human Rights Cam-paign, the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation, the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, the Lutheran Services in America, Main Street Alli-ance, March of Dimes, the Medicare Rights Center, the National Associa-tion of County and City Health Offi-cials, the National Association of School Nurses, the National Alliance of State & Territorial AIDS Directors, the National Coalition for Cancer Sur-vivorship, the National Health Council, the National Multiple Sclerosis Soci-ety, the National Organization for Rare Diseases, the National Partnership for Women and Families, Planned Parent-hood, the Arc Connecticut, the Arc of the United States, the Trust for Amer-ica’s Health, and 47 religious organiza-tions representing various denomina-tions, including American Muslim Health Professionals, Alliance of Bap-tists, Methodist Federation for Social Action, the National Council of Jewish Women, the Presbyterian Church of the United States, the United Church of Christ, and the United Methodist Church. That is the tip of the iceberg. You are not really in good company if you are supportive of this bill when every single medical association, every single patient advocacy organization, every single hospital association, every sin-gle insurer thinks that you are wrong. You would like to think there might be a couple of these groups who would think it was a good thing to pass a bill that uninsures potentially 32 million— maybe 25 million, maybe 22 million— and jeopardizes preexisting protections for millions of Americans. What is so bonkers about this is that we were this close to getting a bipar-tisan agreement. It is not as if there wasn’t another path. I sit on the HELP Committee. I had half a dozen con-versations with Senator ALEXANDER  and Senator M
URRAY . I know we were 80 percent of the way there on passing a bipartisan package of reforms—at least out of the HELP Committee— that would have kept what was work-ing in the Affordable Care Act and tried to fix what wasn’t working. I saw Leader M
CCONNELL ’s tweet from earlier today in which he said that Senate Democrats have two thoughts on how to fix ObamaCare— one, do nothing; two, a fully govern-ment-run system that would take away even more of their decisions. That is not true. That is not true, and everybody here knows that it is not true. Why? Because Senate Demo-crats were sitting down and talking with Senate Republicans. We were at the table just a week ago, trying to come up with a package of reforms. So to say that the Democrats want only a single-payer healthcare system or what we have today is not true, and every-body knows that is not true. I am certainly raw at the fact that Republicans walked away from that ne-gotiating table when we were so close. I do not think that was in the best tra-ditions of the U.S. Senate, but I am ready to sit back down at the table. I know that P
ATTY MURRAY is ready to sit back down at the table if this proc-ess blows up, as every previous attempt at repealing the Affordable Care Act with a thoughtless alternative has blown up. My constituents are not happy with the American healthcare system. They like a lot of the things the Affordable Care Act did, but they acknowledge there are still lots of problems that need to be solved. Amongst those con-stituents in my State who like what the Affordable Care Act has done but who still want to see changes are Isa-belle and Rylan. Isabelle first wrote about her son to my office 2 days after the last election. This is Rylan, who was born with a congenital heart defect. He looked healthy when he was born. He and Isa-belle had been scheduled for discharge from the hospital when Rylan went in for some routine testing, but he never came back. His parents kind of knew something was up, but when the doc-tors arrived back in their room, they told Isabelle and her husband that Rylan needed to be rushed to the hos-pital for emergency surgery because his body was not getting enough oxy-gen, and there was something wrong with his heart. He was diagnosed with several severe heart defects, and he re-quired emergency open heart surgery. The first thing Isabelle thought was: How are we going to pay for this? Does insurance cover it? She found out, much to her relief, that insurance did cover it, because in-surance was required to cover things like hospitalizations under the Afford-able Care Act and that they would not lose coverage, because no matter how big the bills got, the Affordable Care 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00221 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.028 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES6094 September 25, 2017 
Act prohibited insurance companies from cutting her off. Isabelle has been a warrior in pre-serving those protections in the Afford-able Care Act, and I just want to leave you with an email that she sent me this week. She writes that she is exhausted and that she is so tired of having to fight over and over and over again for Rylan. She feels that no matter what she tries to do, this repeal is going to happen, regardless of Rylan’s story, and that they are just going to be casualties of this political imperative to repeal the Affordable Care Act. In 3 weeks, Rylan is going to be going up to Boston for his big cardiac and neuro checkup. She wishes that their biggest fight were to keep him healthy and alive, but it is not. They are en-gaged in a political fight to try to stop the protections, which keep him alive and keep this family solvent, from being stolen from them. This is not a game to Isabelle and to Rylan. This is not about politics. This is about this little boy’s life. I am going to tell you that my State cannot hold this together if you cut Federal funding for healthcare by 50 percent to Connecticut, as this bill would do— maybe more. What we are hearing is that money is going to be stolen from States that have implemented the Af-fordable Care Act in order to be deliv-ered to the States of Senators who have not yet committed to the bill on the Republican side. We cannot hold it together for Rylan in Connecticut if you take away half of our Federal healthcare funding, if you take away the tax credits that help people buy in-surance, if you take away the Medicaid that helps insure these kids—if you let insurers go back to the days in which they discriminated against these kids. It is not a game to Isabelle. She writes: 
Every time the repeal comes up (what is it—the third time or more), I feel sick with anxiety. How quickly the rug will be pulled from under us. How quickly the bricks will begin to fall. 
We are ready to work with you. We are ready to sit down, once again, and try to work something out that gets Democrats and Republicans together on this and that does what the Amer-ican people want us to do—keep what works in the Affordable Care Act and improve what does not work. Please give this up. You are ruining the lives of these families who, in addition to having to save their children’s lives, are having to become full-time polit-ical activists to stop this from hap-pening. We can do this together. We can deliver peace of mind to these fam-ilies. It is not too late. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New York. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, first, let me so commend my friend and col-league from Connecticut for his intel-ligent, articulate, and, most of all, pas-sionate words. I hope that everyone on the other side of the aisle hears this. This is not a game. I know that it is not the Presiding Officer’s State, but the States that are taking the money are the ones that did not want to give good coverage—enough coverage—to people. The States like Connecticut and like New York that wanted to help people and had to put in half the money themselves are now being penal-ized by the States that did not. Most Americans are against that. The vast majority of Americans are against it. When Americans hear what this bill is about, almost none of them like it. None of them like it. That is why we are hiding this bill. That is why we are not debating this bill. That is why we are trying to rush it through without a score. Yet, just over an hour ago, the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office released a preliminary analysis of the latest version of TrumpCare, the Gra-ham-Cassidy bill. The CBO is non-partisan. The head of it was appointed by the Republican leadership. This is not one of those liberal think tanks that the other side dismisses as we dis-miss the conservative ones. This is down the middle. While the CBO has not filled in all of the details, the outline is devastating enough: The new TrumpCare bill would gut Medicaid, cause millions to lose coverage, create chaos in the market-place, and not protect Americans who have preexisting conditions. Members should not need any more details to know how bad a piece of leg-islation this is—though, certainly, we need to await more details. The other side does not want to. Even in plain language, without the numbers, the CBO makes clear that Graham-Cassidy would be the largest step backward for American healthcare in our Nation’s history. Let’s go over a few things that the CBO report listed. These are down-the- middle, green-eyeshade findings that are not political. First, Graham-Cassidy would gut Medicaid: ‘‘All told, Federal spending on Medicaid would be reduced by about $1 trillion . . . and the program would cover millions fewer enrollees.’’ That means they do not know how many millions. My guess is it will be about the same as the previous bills or even worse. That means there will be a drastic cut to healthcare funding that goes to help older Americans in nurs-ing homes, those in opioid abuse treat-ment programs, and low-income Amer-icans who rely on Medicaid as their source of coverage. All of those would be slashed. If you are a middle-class family on Long Island, in Anchorage, or if you have someone in a nursing home—a parent—you will be faced with an awful choice with too many likelihoods. Pay thousands of dollars a month out of your own pocket or ask Mom or Dad to come live with you when you don’t have a spare room in your house, and you are trying to raise your kids. It is not very pretty. The CBO writes that Graham-Cassidy would cause millions to lose healthcare coverage, with the most abrupt loss of coverage occurring as soon as 2020 due to ‘‘substantially lower’’ enrollment in Medicaid, nongroup coverage, and in-surance of all types because there would be no incentive to sign up. The CBO also wrote that Graham- Cassidy would destabilize the indi-vidual market, creating a death spiral. [Under Graham-Cassidy], average health care costs among people retaining coverage would be higher, and insurers would have to raise premiums in the nongroup market to cover those higher costs. Anticipating such an unsustainable spiral, some insurers would not participate in the nongroup market. . . . In many States, the transitions starting in 2020 would be difficult, and some areas would probably have no insurers offering policies in the nongroup market. 
That is a quote from the CBO. It is not by C
HUCK SCHUMER , not by C HRIS M
URPHY but from the CBO—desta-bilizing markets and huge numbers of people not getting insurance. Here is another thing that the CBO wrote. Graham-Cassidy also fails spec-tacularly to protect Americans with preexisting conditions because it al-lows States to opt out of very popular consumer protections in our current law. According to the CBO: ‘‘Coverage for people with preexisting conditions would be much more expensive in some of those States than under current law.’’ I have heard my colleague from Lou-isiana say that this will not change the law with regard to preexisting condi-tions. Then why did they have to add this clause and give States the option? If they want to keep preexisting condi-tions, they should keep existing law. The CBO even predicted that the ‘‘flexibility’’ of Graham-Cassidy would likely drive some States to pursue an age tax, charging older Americans five times as much or more for their healthcare than younger Americans. If you are 50 to 64 and you have worked hard your whole life, your healthcare costs go up. There is a little bit of protection in present law. Much of that protection is removed by the Graham-Cassidy bill. If you are a sen-ior citizen or close to it, you are going to pay more in too many places. That is why the AARP—again, not a very po-litical organization—has come out so strongly against this bill, as, by the way, has the AMA and the American Cancer Society. C
HRIS MURPHY listed many of the groups. All in all, even without specific num-bers for estimates, the CBO report con-firms much of what we already knew about Graham-Cassidy. It is a whole-sale dismantling of our healthcare sys-tem, which would create chaos in many places, cause millions to lose coverage, drive up costs, and put healthcare out of reach for the folks who need it the most. To boot, today, Standard & Poor’s— another hardly partisan organization— estimated that Graham-Cassidy would carry a staggering economic cost. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00222 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.029 S25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S6095 September 25, 2017 
Standard & Poor’s estimates that Gra-ham-Cassidy would result in 580,000 lost jobs and $240 billion in lost eco-nomic activity by 2027. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle are starting tax reform. They want to cut taxes on the wealthiest people, such as big corporations, be-cause it will create jobs. Maybe yes but maybe no—many of us think no. But right here, if we are interested in cre-ating jobs, don’t pass Graham-Cassidy because we will lose 580,000 jobs, ac-cording to Standard & Poor’s. A number of Republican Senators have expressed their opposition to this bill—most recently, Senator C
OLLINS . To Senator C
OLLINS and to the rest of my Republican colleagues, I want to say that once repeal is off the table, we want to work with you to improve the existing system. Once this bill goes down, we are ready to work with you to find a compromise that stabilizes mar-kets and that lowers premiums. We are ready. We have proven some of that already. Senator A
LEXANDER  and Senator M
URRAY —one a Repub-lican and one a Democrat, the chair and the ranking member of the HELP Committee—were making great progress toward a bipartisan agree-ment. They held hearings, heard expert testimony, and solicited input from colleagues on both sides of the aisle— something not done with this Graham- Cassidy bill. They were crafting a fair package, where each side got a little and each side gave a little. Once this bill goes down, those negotiations should pick up right where they left off. That is what we on this side of the aisle believe, for sure, and I think many on the other side as well. There is no time to waste. Insurers are about to set rates for the next year. Whether we can come together or not could be the difference between a sta-ble market and premiums that are sev-eral hundreds of dollars more expen-sive. We should pick up where Senators WYDEN and H ATCH —again, one Demo-crat and one Republican—left off, to come to an agreement to extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program, for community health centers, and for several other programs that need to be extended this week. CBO, even with the bare structure of what this bill is all about, issued a dev-astating report. It is very, very hard to look that report in the eye and say: This bill improves healthcare for Americans—very hard. I hope for the good of our healthcare system, for the good of our country, and for the good of this institution that my Republican friends abandon Graham-Cassidy and its one-sidedness and choose instead to come back to the table with Democrats to do the hard work of forging a bipar-tisan consensus on healthcare. That is what America wants. That is what America needs. ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:48 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, September 26, 2017, at 10 a.m. f 
NOMINATIONS Executive nomination received by the Senate: 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
PETER B. ROBB, OF VERMONT, TO BE GENERAL COUN-SEL OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD FOR A TERM OF FOUR YEARS, VICE RICHARD F. GRIFFIN, JR., TERM EXPIRING. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 19, 2017: 
DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE  
NOEL J. FRANCISCO, OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA, TO BE SOLICITOR GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES. 
f 
CONFIRMATION Executive nomination confirmed by the Senate September 25, 2017: 
NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
WILLIAM J. EMANUEL, OF CALIFORNIA, TO BE A MEM-BER OF THE NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD FOR THE TERM OF FIVE YEARS EXPIRING AUGUST 27, 2021. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:14 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00223 Fmt 0624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\G25SE6.030 S25SEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1253 September 25, 2017 
TRIBUTE TO RALPH HACKER 
HON. HAROLD ROGERS 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my long-time friend, Ralph Hacker, upon his induction into the Uni-versity of Kentucky Athletics Hall of Fame— Class of 2017. Ralph Hacker’s voice was a colorful hall-mark of the UK Radio Network for more than three decades, including three men’s basket-ball national championships, seven Final Fours and four football bowl games. Before we could watch our beloved UK Wildcats play basketball on television, we used to ‘‘watch them on the radio,’’ as some would jokingly say—and it was the voice of Ralph Hacker that brought the game to life, as we envi-sioned every block, every dunk and every he-roic play on the court. Still today, the Big Blue Nation is known to turn down the audio on the television to instead listen to familiar com-mentary on the radio as the game plays on. It’s a testament to local broadcasters, like Ralph Hacker, who attended practices and spent unmatched time on and off the court with coaches and players to learn about the passion and drive that breeds championship teams. Today, the University of Kentucky is the National Collegiate Athletic Association’s (NCAA) Division I Men’s Basketball winningest program, and it was Ralph Hacker’s voice that helped fans rejoice with every win and find solace in every defeat. Before becoming a voice for the Wildcats, Ralph and I first met at WVLK in Lexington as young disc jockeys, where we also worked with fellow broadcasters Jim Host and Claude Sullivan. While I detoured to UK Law School and eventually, the U.S. House of Representa-tives, all three of my friends had tremendous broadcasting careers, pioneering advance-ments in communications and business. Ralph later purchased and built a prominent radio network as president of HMH Broadcasting, earning the respect of broadcasters across the country. Aside from his broadcasting career, Ralph and his lovely wife Marilyn have generously opened up their hearts and their home to help raise support for a number of charities. Their joint philanthropic drive has made a profound impact on the lives of countless Kentucky fam-ilies. Most recently, Ralph has adamantly lent his voice to raise awareness for cardiac health across the state. Mr. Speaker, the UK Athletics Hall of Fame is filled with incredibly talented men and women from my alma mater. I’m incredibly proud that my friend, Ralph Hacker, is right-fully being added to this prestigious list of leg-ends after dedicating his voice to the broad-casting industry in Kentucky for more than a half century. However, among all his accom-plishments, I know Ralph and Marilyn are most proud of their wonderful daughter and son-in-law, Heather and Danny Reilly, and es-pecially their granddaughters, Collins and Gresham Jane. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF KANG KYUNG- WHA, MINISTER OF FOREIGN AF-FAIRS OF REPUBLIC OF KOREA 
HON. CAROLYN B. MALONEY 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Kang Kyung-wha, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Korea. Foreign Minister Kang has dedicated her career to the protection and promotion of humanitarian principles domesti-cally and around the world. On September 22, 2017, she will be honored at the United Na-tions by Equality Now, a non-governmental or-ganization advocating for the human rights of women and girls worldwide, for her work on behalf of women and girls and in recognition of her appointment as the first female Foreign Minister of the Republic of Korea. Kang Kyung-wha is a veteran diplomat, serving both the Republic of Korea and the United Nations. After beginning her career as a news producer and associate professor, Minister Kang began working in the National Assembly, serving as the Secretary for Inter-national Relations in the Office of the Speaker in 1990. Her work was focused on the pro-motion of human rights, women’s advance-ment, and parliamentary diplomacy. After 8 years with the National Assembly, she began working at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, the agency she now leads. In 2005, Minister Kang was appointed Direc-tor General of International Organizations at the foreign ministry, becoming the second fe-male diplomat to serve at that level. She was the Minister in her country’s Permanent Mis-sion to the United Nations from September 2001 to July 2005, during which time she chaired the Commission on the Status of Women for its 48th and 49th sessions. In 2006, she was appointed by Secretary-Gen-eral Kofi Annan to serve as United Nations Deputy High Commissioner for Human Rights, the highest appointment in an international or-ganization for a Korean woman. In April 2013 Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed her Assistant Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Deputy Emergency Relief Coordi-nator for the United Nations Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs. In this posi-tion, Minister Kang oversaw the UN agency responsible for their response to complex emergencies and natural disasters, the coordi-nation of humanitarian response, policy devel-opment and advocacy. During her tenure, she navigated many of the most substantial crises in our time, coordinating humanitarian action and support in places like Syria and South Sudan. In December 2016, Minister Kang was ap-pointed as a Senior Advisor on Policy by then United Nations Secretary-General-designate Anto´nio Guterres. Shortly after, in June 2017, the Republic of Korea’s President Moon Jae- in appointed Kang Kyung-wha as the Minister of Foreign Affairs. She has been tasked with resolving sensitive diplomatic issues while fur-thering Korea’s commitment to refugee and human rights. Minister Kang must help her country navigate one of the most dangerous geopolitical situations our world has seen: the nuclearization of the Korean peninsula. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing Kang Kyung-wha for the work she has done to safeguard humanitarian prin-ciples and further the international commu-nity’s commitment to the rights of women and girls, and to congratulate her on her appoint-ment as the Republic of Korea’s first female Minister of Foreign Affairs. Minister Kang’s continued focus on the advancement of women both in the Republic of Korea and internationally has paved the way for future generations of women around the world. 
f 
RECOGNIZING CHERYL MOORE FOR HER REMARKABLE SERVICE TO VENTURA COUNTY 
HON. JULIA BROWNLEY 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. BROWNLEY of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Cheryl Moore, an out-standing community leader and public servant. For over a decade, Cheryl has demonstrated remarkable service to our community as the Executive Director of the Workforce Develop-ment Board of Ventura County, a strategic partner in the local skilled labor force that sup-ports the region’s business needs and eco-nomic vitality. Prior to her role with the Workforce Devel-opment Board, Cheryl has held positions as an educator, as an administrator of edu-cational programs, and spent more than 20 years in the private sector working for multibil-lion-dollar companies. This diverse back-ground and extensive experience have played an instrumental role to the notable work ethic that she always exhibited and brought to the table. Under Cheryl’s guidance and leadership, the Workforce Development Board has been able to foster an invaluable environment of collabo-ration amongst an array of entities including governmental agencies, non-profit organiza-tions, educational institutions, and private and public industries. As a direct result of her ac-tions and tireless efforts, new connections and creative partnerships have grown among busi-ness and community leaders committed to strengthening and promoting the regional workforce and economy. She has been an exceptional advocate of the development of a strong and adept work-force. Her steadfast commitment to the com-munity has positively impacted and changed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.001 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1254 September 25, 2017 
the lives of so many individuals including local job seekers, workers, youth, and employers. I applaud the dedication Cheryl has shown to ensuring Ventura County’s workers have the resources and opportunities to obtain gainful employment and achieve professional and personal success. For these reasons, it is with sincere appre-ciation that I recognize Cheryl Moore for her years of distinguished service to the Work-force Development Board of Ventura County. Her countless contributions are immeasurable, but have had a profound impact upon our community as a whole. 
f 
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR, ENVIRONMENT, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2018 
SPEECH OF  
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, September 6, 2017 
The House in Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 3354) making ap-propriations for the Department of the Inte-rior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and for other purposes: 
Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Chair, today I rise to recognize and support the Environmental Pro-tection Agency’s work on acid rain. My district is the proud home of the Adiron-dacks, which for decades were being de-stroyed by acid rain from the mid-west. Thanks to the work of the EPA to support efforts to halt this epidemic, we are recovering in spectacular fashion. Trout populations are returning to once dead lakes, waters and trees are getting healthier, and the park is a booming economic engine for our district. I’ve visited a lab in Ray Brook where the water samples collected by the Adirondack Lake Survey Corporation are tested, and ask that you help me ensure that the grant funding for this important work is renewed. The EPA’s programs and grants have been essential in restoring this ecological gem in my district. I look forward to continuing to work with my colleagues in Congress to support these im-portant programs. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN B. LARSON 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. LARSON of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, September 14, 2017, I was un-fortunately not present for Roll Call votes 516 through 529 in order to attend the memorial service for a dear friend who passed away. If I had been present for these votes, I would have voted: Yay on Roll Call vote 516 on the motion to recommit with instructions; Nay on Roll Call vote 517 on passage of the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act (H.R. 3697); Nay on Roll Call vote 518 on agreeing to the amendment no. 192; Nay on Roll Call vote 519 on agreeing to the amendment no. 195; Yay on Roll Call vote 520 on agreeing to the amendment no. 196; Yay on Roll Call vote 521 on agreeing to the amendment no. 199; Yay on Roll Call vote 522 on agreeing to the amendment no. 200; Yay on Roll Call vote 523 on agreeing to the amendment no. 201; Nay on Roll Call vote 524 on agreeing to the amendment no. 204; Nay on Roll Call vote 525 on agreeing to the amendment no. 207; Yay on Roll Call vote 526 on agreeing to the amendment no. 223; Yay on Roll Call vote 527 on the motion to recommit with instructions; Nay on Roll Call vote 528 on passage of H.R. 3354; and Yay on Roll Call vote 529 on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the Joint Counter-terrorism Awareness Workshop Series Act (H.R. 3284) as amended. f 
HONORING THE CROATIAN SONS LODGE NUMBER 170 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is my dis-tinct honor to congratulate the Croatian Sons Lodge Number 170 of the Croatian Fraternal Union on the festive occasion of its Golden Member banquet, which took place on Sun-day, September 17, 2017. The Croatian Fraternal Union held its gala at the Croatian Center in Merrillville, Indiana. Traditionally, the celebration entails a formal recognition of the Union’s Golden Members, those who have achieved fifty years of mem-bership. This year’s honorees who have at-tained fifty years of membership include the following individuals: Janet C. Ashby, John Karl Bednash, Dianna K. Davis, Kathleen Greenya, Joseph Michael Jandura, Georgene A. Labash, Darlene Lass, Richard Louis Mostak, Judith Ann Murovic, Roberta Ann Nicksich, Sheryl Lee Niksic, Margaret Milos Nye, Linda L. Rayakovich Skafish, Rosemary Spieth, Marilynn Svetanoff, Geraldine M. Toth, Joseph A. Vukovich, Susan L. Wardrip, and Suzanne Wellington. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other distin-guished colleagues to join me in commending Lodge President John Miksich and all mem-bers of the Croatian Fraternal Union, Lodge Number 170, for their loyalty and radiant dis-play of passion for their ethnicity. The Croatian community has played a key role in enriching the quality of life and culture of Northwest Indi-ana. It is my hope that this year will bring re-newed prosperity for all members of the Cro-atian community and their families. LEE EMERGENCY OPERATIONS CENTER (EOC) HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraor-dinary actions of the Lee County Emergency Management Team. With Hurricane Irma hit-ting Lee County, the Lee Emergency Oper-ations Center (EOC) took decisive action co-ordinating emergency responses and recovery efforts throughout Lee County. The employees and volunteers staffing the EOC went above and beyond the call of duty keeping residents informed and sheltered, and are now working to clean up the damage left behind by the hurricane. I applaud Sheriff Mike Scott, Sheriff Car-mine Marceno, County Manager Roger Desjarlais, Director Benjamin Abes, Director Lee Mayfield, Chief Cochran, Chief Diggs, and all city and local officials for their tireless work in keeping our community informed and safe before, during, and after Hurricane Irma. 
f 
HONORING LUCY NOLAN, EXECU-TIVE DIRECTOR OF END HUNGER CONNECTICUT, ON THE OCCASION OF HER RETIREMENT 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to rise today and join the many family, friends, and colleagues who have gathered to cele-brate with Lucy Nolan as she celebrates her retirement as Executive Director of End Hun-ger Connecticut. Throughout her remarkable career, Lucy has ensured that the issue of hunger and its root causes in our communities has remained at the forefront of public policy discourse, not only in Connecticut but nation-ally as well. End Hunger Connecticut is a non-profit or-ganization dedicated to ending hunger across the state and seeks to raise awareness about hunger in Connecticut, promote funding for and access to nutrition assistance programs, and advocate for policies that address the root causes of hunger. Their goal, to help low-in-come families move beyond the food pantry towards self-sufficiency. Through Lucy’s ex-pertise and vision, End Hunger Connecticut has successfully advocated for a number of critical legislative initiatives including increased funding for the school breakfast program that established a pilot program for in-classroom breakfast, increasing food stamp accessibility, and led the effort to pass the country’s tough-est school nutrition legislation which banned the sale of sugary drinks on school grounds. Lucy’s tenure also saw End Hunger Con-necticut implement a very successful outreach program for the Supplemental Nutrition Assist-ance Program and create innovative partner-ships with community leaders and community- based organizations that have strengthened community efforts to address hunger at its core. Lucy’s expert knowledge and commitment has been recognized on the state and national 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.003 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1255 September 25, 2017 
levels. She is a legislatively appointed mem-ber to the Connecticut Milk Regulation Board, Connecticut Food Policy Council, the Farm-land Preservation Board, and served on the Speaker’s Task Force on Children and the Re-cession, as co-chair of the SustiNet Adult and Child Obesity Task Force and the Task Force on Child Obesity. She has testified before the U.S. Senate Agriculture, Forestry, and Natural Resources Committee on school nutrition pro-grams and currently sits on the steering com-mittee of the Connecticut Coalition Against Childhood Obesity. Under her tenure End Hunger Connecticut has been awarded the Congressional Hunger Center’s ‘‘Victory Against Hunger’’ award three times and Lucy was most recently awarded the Raymond Wheeler/Paul Wellstone Award from the Food Research and Advocacy Center. On a more personal note, I cannot thank Lucy enough for many years of friendship and support. Since our first meeting, we have been sisters-in-arms—kindred spirits—in the battle against hunger. From protecting SNAP bene-fits to growing the summer meals program to bringing the Witness to Hunger event to New Haven, she has been the staunchest of advo-cates and always just a phone call away. I will be forever grateful to her for all the help and guidance she has given to me and my staff over the years. I am honored beyond measure to be fortunate enough to call her my friend. Lucy’s passion, expertise, and unwavering advocacy has made all the difference at End Hunger Connecticut but most importantly in the lives of the individuals, children and fami-lies she has served every day throughout her career. I am proud to stand today to extend my heartfelt thanks and sincere appreciation to Lucy Nolan for her invaluable contributions to the fight against hunger in Connecticut and across the nation. Though she will be missed, I wish her all the best for many more years of health and happiness as she begins this next chapter of her life. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO GREENWOOD VIL-LAGE CITY COUNCIL MEMBER FOR DISTRICT 4 THOMAS BISHOP 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to Greenwood Village City Council Member for District 4 Thomas Bishop for his many years of hard work and dedication to the City of Greenwood Village. Council Member Bishop’s leadership and vi-sion has, amongst other accomplishments, contributed to Greenwood Village’s reputation as one of the best in Colorado. Council Member Bishop has consistently and effectively guided city council policy to-wards improving the quality of life at a time of growth and expansion. He has continually pro-vided his guidance and leadership as a mem-ber of the Greenwood Village Citizens Budget Committee, the Autumn Hills Homeowners As-sociation, and as the Vice-Chairman of the Greenwood Village Planning and Zoning Com-mission. Outside of his service on the Greenwood Village City Council, Council Member Bishop has also dedicated his time making our com-munity and the State of Colorado a better place. He served as the President and as the Secretary of the Denver Southeast Rotary Club and as a member of the Colorado Munic-ipal Bond Supervision Advisory Board. Mr. Speaker, City Council Member Thomas Bishop represents the very best in public serv-ice that the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer. I offer my sincere appreciation for his unyielding dedication to public service and I wish him the very best of luck as he leaves the Greenwood Village City Council and moves on to future endeavors. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE SAC-RAMENTO RAINBOW CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. DORIS O. MATSUI 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. MATSUI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the Sacramento Rainbow Chamber of Commerce. As 2017 marks the 15th anniversary of this important organiza-tion, I ask all my colleagues to join me in hon-oring the Sacramento Rainbow Chamber of Commerce for its commitment to promoting LGBTQ-run businesses in the Greater Sac-ramento Region. For the past 15 years the Sacramento Rain-bow Chamber of Commerce has been a tire-less advocate for LGBTQ-owned businesses through advocacy, facilitation, business devel-opment, education, access to procurement op-portunities and supplier diversity channels, and community support. The Sacramento Rainbow Chamber of Commerce has been crucial in the transformation of the Greater Sacramento Region into a prosperous and business-friendly environment that is inclusive of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender business owners and professionals. I applaud their focus on creating opportunities for their membership to grow their businesses in the Sacramento region. In addition to their advocacy work for local businesses, the Sacramento Rainbow Cham-ber of Commerce’s Rainbow Chamber Foun-dation has contributed more than $40,000 in scholarships for LGBTQ youth. They have also focused on fundraising for other non-profit organizations that help support LGBTQ youth, and collaborated with other community groups, including the Sacramento Gay & Lesbian Cen-ter and the National Suicide Prevention Pro-gram Trevor Project among others. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to pay tribute to the Sacramento Rainbow Chamber of Com-merce for their fifteen years of service to their members and the community. I ask all my col-leagues to join me in honoring their exemplary activism on behalf of and in support of busi-nesses run by members of the LGBTQ com-munity. RECOGNIZING ARTURO N. BENAVIDES, SR. HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Arturo N. Benavides, Sr. Mr. Benavides was born on February 26, 1938 to Anita and Carlos Y. Benavides, Sr. He graduated from St. Joseph’s Academy before eventually attending Fordham University and the University of Dallas. He would go on to start several successful business ventures in a variety of fields including ranching, real estate, land development, oil and gas, and the hotel industry. He would also serve in the Texas National Guard. Despite his busy and successful business career, he was actively involved in several causes for the benefit of his community. He understood the importance of a good edu-cation and helped fund several college schol-arships for students in Laredo, TX. A gen-erous supporter of the South Texas Food Bank, Mr. Benavides helped establish three Kids Cafe´s where meals would be served for low-income kids. Due to his philanthropy and service over the course of several decades, he would receive many honors. His recognitions and awards in-clude: being the honoree at the Empty Bowls Gala sponsored by the South Texas Food Bank, representing the United States as LULAC 12’s Senor Internacional and Tejano Achiever, and serving as Honorary President of the Republic of the Rio Grande. Mr. Benavides’ legacy will live on in the countless people that he helped during his re-markable life. He will be remembered not only for his success in business but also by how much he cared for those around him. He re-mained humble and was never one to boast about his accomplishments. He was focused on creating results not on receiving recogni-tion. His life serves as an example to us all. He is survived by his daughter, Anna (John) Galo; his son, Arturo N. Benavides, Jr.; two grandchildren, John Roman Galo and Zoe Zelin Benavides; his brother, Carlos Y. (Leticia) Benavides, Jr.; his cousin, Arturo Toma´s (Leslie) Benavides; nieces and neph-ews, Carlos Y. Benavides III, Guillermo D. Benavides, and Linda Cristina (Patrick) Alex-ander; and the mother of his children, Gloria Casso Benavides. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Arturo N. Benavides, Sr. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, due to my need to be back in my district to help my com-munity recover from Hurricane Irma, I was un-able to be present for Roll Call Votes 516 through 529. Had I been present, I would have voted NAY on Roll Call No. 516; YEA on Roll Call No. 517; YEA on Roll Call No. 518; YEA on 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.001 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1256 September 25, 2017 
Roll Call No. 519; NAY on Roll Call No. 520; NAY on Roll Call No. 521; NAY on Roll Call No. 522; NAY on Roll Call No. 523; YEA on Roll Call No. 524; YEA on Roll Call No. 525; NAY on Roll Call No. 526; NAY on Roll Call No. 527; YEA on Roll Call No. 528; and YEA on Roll Call No. 529. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE 95TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE FOUNDING OF RIV-IERA BEACH, FLORIDA 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Riviera Beach, Florida. Riv-iera Beach is celebrating its 95th anniversary with a major event, ‘‘Happy Birthday, Riviera Beach.’’ Riviera Beach is known as the ‘‘little city by the sea.’’ Descendants of Bahamian settlers were among those who decided on September 29, 1922 to create the Town of Riviera. At the time of its incorporation, Riviera was one of the largest shipping points for fish on Florida’s east coast. That fishing capacity drew more Bahamians to the area, including many black Bahamians. Mr. Speaker, in 2012, that strong tie would become the basis for the formation of a sister city relationship between the cities of Riviera Beach and Freeport on Grand Bahama. Riv-iera Beach, with its diverse population, has become known as a great place to live, work and play. I am very proud of this fine city, its residents and its elected officials, and I am glad that it has always been part of my Con-gressional district. Happy Birthday, Riviera Beach. 
f 
HONORING THE SAINT LAWRENCE SCHOOL ON ITS CENTENNIAL AN-NIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to extend my heart-felt congratulations to the Saint Lawrence School of West Haven, Connecticut as they mark their centennial anniversary—a remark-able milestone for this wonderful educational institution. The Saint Lawrence Roman Catholic Church named its first resident pastor, the Reverend Jeremiah Curtin, in 1895, and it was his fondest wish that a school could be estab-lished for the parish children. Though it took much time, in 1917 construction of the Saint Lawrence School began under Father Curtin’s dedicated direction. Soon, four classrooms were ready and three Sisters of St. Joseph Chambery arrived to begin teaching. The school quickly grew, both physically and in student population, and within a decade, con-figurations for grades 1 through 8 were com-pleted. Throughout its 100-year history, thousands of students have passed through the halls of Saint Lawrence School, receiving educational nourishment of the mind, body, and soul. Since its inception, students of Saint Lawrence School have not only received an academic education but have also learned the impor-tance of giving back to one’s community. In its earliest days during World War II, the school served as a fallout shelter with water and food stored in the basement. Students and staff worked diligently to raise scholarship funds and plan community social activities. It was a Catholic education that taught me the best value of my time on earth is to give back to my community and my neighbors. In no small way, it moved me to serve the larger community, and instilled in me a commitment to the moral purposes of good government. Education is the cornerstone of success, opening the doors of opportunity and allowing our children to pursue their dreams. A Catholic education embodies the very best of our val-ues, and faith, balancing academic rigor and the important lessons of service. This is par-ticularly true for the Saint Lawrence School. Students are not only provided the skills and tools that they need academically, but they de-velop an appreciation and understanding of the impact their contributions can make in the world. It is from that strong foundation of aca-demic excellence and community service that they can build their future success. A cornerstone of faith and education for a century, the Saint Lawrence School has cre-ated an educational environment which fosters the spiritual, academic, and physical growth of its students and challenges them to use their talents in service—an environment that is re-flected throughout their curriculum and in the day to day activities of the students, faculty, and staff. I am proud to stand today to extend my sincere congratulations to them as they celebrate their 100th Anniversary, and wish them all the best for many more years of suc-cess. f 
CHILDREN’S CARDIOMYOPATHY AWARENESS MONTH 
HON. BILL PASCRELL, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Children’s Cardiomyopathy Aware-ness Month this month. Pediatric cardiomyopathy is a rare heart condition that affects the muscles of the heart in infants and children. According to the Pedi-atric Cardiomyopathy Registry, one in every 100,000 children under the age of 18 in the U.S. is diagnosed with cardiomyopathy. Ap-proximately 40 percent of children with symp-tomatic cardiomyopathy undergo a heart trans-plant or die from cardiac complications within two years. Pediatric cardiomyopathy is a chronic disease that requires a comprehensive treatment approach. Based in Tenafly, New Jersey, the Chil-dren’s Cardiomyopathy Foundation (CCF) is a non-profit organization dedicated to raising awareness of pediatric cardiomyopathy. CCF works to raise awareness of cardiomyopathy in children and provides resources and sup-ports to families struggling with the diagnosis of cardiomyopathy in their young children. CCF aims to encourage better detection, pre-vention, and treatment for patients, and I thank them for these efforts. I invite my col-leagues to join me in commending this organi-zation for their lifesaving work. Last Congress, I introduced the Supporting Athletes, Families and Educators to Protect the Lives of Athletic Young Act, known as the SAFE PLAY Act, with Senator BOBMENENDEZ  of New Jersey. This legislation would provide school systems with resources to raise aware-ness for youth athlete safety, encourage the development of best practices to prevent, re-port, and address injuries, and educate teach-ers, students, and coaches on the risks of car-diomyopathy and other critical cardiac condi-tions. It would also allow students to learn CPR and how to use an automated external defibrillator (AED) to help prevent death in the event of sudden cardiac arrest. This legislation would increase school safety and help reduce the number of deaths from this condition on school property. Mr. Speaker, I would like my colleagues to take a moment and recognize the families struggling with having a child who suffers from this terrible disease, as well as the organiza-tions working to provide them with the nec-essary support. 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE NIPSCO LUMINARY AWARDS 
HON. PETER J. VISCLOSKY 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise to commend the recipients of this year’s NIPSCO Luminary Awards. The Luminary Awards were created to honor prominent individuals or or-ganizations for their exemplary leadership. This year’s honorees include Earline Rogers, Jim Arnold, Bill Hanna, ACRES Land Trust, Dunes Learning Center, and the Northwest In-diana Information Security Sharing Alliance (NIISSA). For their outstanding contributions to the community in Northwest Indiana and be-yond, the honorees were recognized at a ceremony on Thursday, September 21, 2017, at NiSource Corporate Headquarters in Merrillville, Indiana. The Honorable Earline Rogers, former Indi-ana State Senator, is this year’s recipient of the Community Leadership Award. Earline served within the Indiana General Assembly for more than three decades. In addition, she is also a retired school teacher. Earline has dedicated a lifetime of service to the commu-nity of Northwest Indiana and has touched the lives of countless students through her teach-ing career. For her noteworthy dedication to public service, Senator Rogers is worthy of the highest praise. The Honorable Jim Arnold, former Indiana State Senator, is the recipient of the Commu-nity Leadership Award. Jim is also a member of the LaPorte Community School Board. For over fifty years, Jim has devoted his time and efforts to public service. His lifelong commit-ment is truly admirable, and he is worthy of the honor bestowed upon him. The recipient of this year’s Environmental Stewardship Award is ACRES Land Trust, In-diana’s largest and oldest local land trust. Today, ACRES includes land throughout thirty- two counties across northeastern Indiana, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.005 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1257 September 25, 2017 
northern Ohio, and southern Michigan. Its out-standing staff members and numerous volun-teers work tirelessly to protect and manage this land, and we are truly grateful for the or-ganization’s conservation efforts. The recipient of the Education Award is Dunes Learning Center, which is committed to its mission ‘‘to inspire lasting curiosity and stewardship with nature.’’ The center offers standards-based, year-round environmental education programs to all ages. This is a truly unique and important educational platform for the youth of our community, and we are thankful for the opportunities that are provided by Dunes Learning Center. Bill Hanna, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Northwest Indiana Regional De-velopment Authority (RDA), is this year’s re-cipient of the Economic Development Award. The RDA works to unite community leaders with the purpose of bringing about positive transformation to Northwest Indiana through collaborative development projects. Bill has been instrumental in the effort to gain critical support for the South Shore Line’s West Lake Extension and Double Track projects. These projects, once constructed, have the potential to fundamentally transform the economy of Northwest Indiana as well as significantly con-tribute to economic growth throughout the state. Northwest Indiana Information and Security Sharing Alliance (NIISSA) is the recipient of the Public Safety Award. NIISSA brings to-gether disaster resources in order to help the people of Northwest Indiana in times of emer-gency. All aspects of crisis management are brought together in one area, making the re-sponse faster and more efficient. For its inno-vative and important public safety support for our communities, NIISSA is to be highly com-mended. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and my other col-leagues to join me in commending these re-markable leaders, innovators, and organiza-tions. For their outstanding contributions to the community of Northwest Indiana, and their un-wavering commitment to improving the quality of life for its residents, each recipient is worthy of the honors bestowed upon them. 
f 
HONORING THE 200TH ANNIVER-SARY OF THE BOROUGH OF BIGLERVILLE IN ADAMS COUN-TY, PENNSYLVANIA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my sincere congratulations to the residents of the Borough of Biglerville on its 200th Anniver-sary. This community began as Middletown in 1817 and didn’t see formal development of the land until 1843. Around 1883, a local farmer decided to plant acres of apple trees, and soon after train service was established and the community began to grow. Middletown was renamed Biglerville in 1903, after Colonel William Bigler, the 12th Governor of Pennsyl-vania. Today, Biglerville is a lovely town with a great sense of community. Appropriately, it’s home to the National Apple Museum, which promotes the history of the apple and fruit in-dustry and its economic importance to this re-gion. Biglerville is also home to many civic minded citizens who devote their time and ef-forts to make their community a great place in which to live and work. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I congratulate the residents of the Borough of Biglerville on their 200th An-niversary, and wish them continued great suc-cess in the years to come. f 
HONORING LITTLETON CITY COUN-CILMAN FOR DISTRICT I BILL HOPPING 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my gratitude for Littleton City Council-man for District I Bill Hopping for his extraor-dinary work and dedication to the City of Little-ton. His leadership on the Littleton City Coun-cil has contributed to many of the city’s suc-cessful growth and conservation efforts. Since his appointment and subsequent elec-tion in 2015, Councilman Hopping has faith-fully and dutifully served the City of Littleton in every way possible. Councilman Hopping pro-vided his expertise and guidance as a small business owner to help promote increased economic growth and development as the City Council Liaison to the Littleton Invests for To-morrow Board. In addition to his official role as a Littleton City Council Member, Councilman Hopping served as a prominent member of the Bow Mar South Homeowners Association, the His-toric Downtown Littleton Merchants, and as the chair of the Historical Preservation Board. Councilman Hopping has not only been dedi-cated to the future of the City of Littleton, he also embraces the rich history of this great community. Mr. Speaker, a great nation cannot exist without great public servants, and I believe that Councilman Hopping is among the very best. I wish Councilman Hopping the best of luck in his future endeavors, of which I know he will have great success. 
f 
HONORING KENTUCKY GOLD STAR FAMILIES 
HON. ANDY BARR 
OF KENTUCKY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor all Gold Star family members who have lost a loved one in the Global War on Ter-rorism. I want to pay special honor to the fami-lies of the 120 Kentuckians who have given their lives in protecting our nation. Petty Officer First Class Edward T. Earhart, USN, was the first Kentuckian killed when he lost his life during the attack on the Pentagon on September 11, 2001. The last Kentuckian killed was Captain Matthew D. Roland, USAF, who lost his life in Afghanistan on August 26, 2015. Six of these brave heroes’ final resting place is in Camp Nelson National Cemetery in Nicholasville, Kentucky. Mark and Barbara Roland, parents of Cap-tain Roland, were inspired to place a Gold Star Family Monument at Camp Nelson. They formed a grassroots committee, who then worked to raise the necessary funds and com-plete the project. This monument represents the sacrifice of the service members who were lost but also the sacrifice and loss felt by all their family members. The inscription on the monument reads, ‘‘Dedicated to the families left to remember and honor the sacrifice of their loved ones in the service and cause of freedom to a grateful nation.’’ Through this monument, may we forever be reminded of these brave heroes and their fam-ilies. Their service and sacrifice will never be forgotten. It is my honor to recognize our brave Ken-tucky heroes and their families before the United States House of Representatives. f 
HONORING THE SARAH FOUNDA-TION ON THE CELEBRATION OF ITS 60TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is my great pleasure to rise today to extend my deepest thanks and heartfelt congratulations to the SARAH Foundation of Guilford, Connecticut as they celebrate their 60th Anniversary—a re-markable milestone for this very special orga-nization. Families with loved ones with developmental disabilities have always struggled to find the appropriate care. Indeed, throughout much of our history, there were little to no resources to address their needs. In the 1950s, families had only two choices—remain at home without support or services, often isolating both the caregivers and their loved ones, or send their loved one to an institution, often far from home and thus isolating those with disabilities from their families and communities. Recognizing this struggle and understanding the challenges families were facing, Dan and Eleanor Reinhardsen, Reeves and Dorothy Spencer, and William and Regina McNeil, pooled their resources to establish a school for children with intellectual disabilities—and SARAH was born. The Reinhardsens, Spen-cers, and McNeils, along with other shoreline families, worked diligently to raise funds for teachers, transportation and speech thera-pists. They moved from borrowed space in a church basement to a schoolhouse in North Guilford, the programs and services offered at SARAH met the academic and social needs of its students until the introduction of special education legislation providing for inclusion of children of all abilities in school districts. With education needs being met by school districts, there came a new mission for SARAH and they refocused their efforts to ex-pand their services to include vocational train-ing, job placement, and independent living to ease the transition from school to life in the community. The Apple Doll Tea House, the first food service training program for people with disabilities in the nation, opened its doors in Guilford in 1973. Along with the Tea House, the Apple Farm Bakery, Greenhouse horti-culture program, and others provided choices 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K25SE8.007 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1258 September 25, 2017 
in vocational employment, interaction with the public, and a close connection with commu-nities. Today, SARAH works with businesses throughout the region, enabling hundreds of men and women to find steady, meaningful employment and build a sense of self-esteem. SARAH’s first community residence was opened in Branford in 1977. Soon more homes were added in other communities as well as residences for individuals with multiple disabilities. The organization’s commitment to providing a warm, nurturing environment and personalized residential care have made it a model for other agencies in Connecticut and across the country. Built from love and compassion, SARAH is an extraordinary organization that has and continues to have the most positive of impacts on the lives of those with disabilities and their families. Today, as they mark their 60th Anni-versary, I am honored to offer my heartfelt congratulations and sincere thanks and appre-ciation for their invaluable contributions to our community, our state, and our nation. 
f 
COLLIER EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT 
HON. FRANCIS ROONEY 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the Collier County Emergency Management Team. In the wake of Hurricane Irma in Collier County, the employees and volunteers of Collier County Emergency Management (EM) worked dili-gently to keep residents informed and safe both before and after the storm. I applaud and thank Sheriff Rambosk, Direc-tor Summers, County Manager Leo Ochs, Deputy County Manager Nick Casalanguida, Chief Schettino, Chief Weschler, Chief Mur-phy, and all city and local officials for their tire-less work in keeping our community safe and secure. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. PETE OLSON 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, due to Hurricane Harvey and the severe impact it had on my district, I was unavoidably detained and un-able to be in Washington for votes on Sep-tember 5, 2017. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 439, and YEA on Roll Call No. 440. 
f 
RECOGNIZING PAUL MORENO 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of former Texas State Representative Paul Moreno. Mr. Moreno was born on April 28, 1931 to Avelina Ramirez and Reyes Moreno, Sr. He grew up in El Paso, TX where he attended Bowie High School and then went on to serve in the Korean War as a member of the United States Marine Corps. Eventually, he graduated from the University of Texas at El Paso with a BBA and received his Juris Doctor from the University of Texas at Austin. At the age of 22, Paul Moreno was para-lyzed in an accident and left a quadriplegic. Despite this challenge, Mr. Moreno remained in good spirits and never lost his sense of duty. In 1967, Mr. Moreno would get elected to the Texas State House of Representatives. He eventually became the longest serving His-panic official elected in the United States after 40 years of service. During his time in office, he gained a reputation for doing what was right and became known as the ‘‘Conscience of the Texas House’’. As a member of the Texas State House of Representatives, Paul Moreno served as the first chairman of the Mexican American Legis-lative Caucus. Moreno later worked to help es-tablish both the El Paso Legal Assistance So-ciety and the Paso del Norte Tejano Demo-crats. Mr. Moreno was a valuable member of the Texas community and a very active, ac-complished member of the state house. Paul is survived by his only daughter, An-nette Moreno-Alvarado, his three grand-daughters, Innette, Evette (Nathan) and Amarette, great-grandchildren, Josiah Paul Trevizo and Ariah Navette Trevizo, Brother, Freddy (Carol) Moreno, Sister, Blanche Darley and numerous beloved nieces and nephews and family members. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Paul Moreno. f 
HONORING THE CENTRO DE INFORMACIO´N 45TH ANNIVER-SARY IN BARTLETT, ILLINOIS 
HON. RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, today I honor Centro de Informacio´n in cele-brating their 45th Anniversary. Since 1972, Centro de Informacio´n has been dedicated to serving our community in helping more than 15,000 Hispanic immigrants every year. Immigrants come to America hoping for a better life, better work, and most of all, a bet-ter future. Centro de Informacio´n plays a cru-cial role in helping immigrants achieve these dreams. Starting as an outreach mission of the United Methodist Church and the Catholic Archdiocese of Rockford, Centro has grown to be a valued resource within our community. With the changes in our community, Centro has grown its services and now provides bilin-gual advocacy, parenting skills training, com-munity education, and youth programs. For 45 amazing years, Centro de Informacio´n has provided vital resources to the community such as application workshops for those in search of citizenship, and services for housing and employment. Moreover, they are an official Illinois Welcoming Center for refugees, something to be proud of. They have built powerful relationships with various organizations throughout our region, and have earned the valuable trust of people throughout Northern Illinois. Without them, the communities of Elgin, Hanover Park, and Carpentersville would be incomplete. Social service is not just a great accomplishment but a great kindness. Our world is better for the work that Centro does. Immigrant families travel to our neighbor-hoods with limited resources at their disposal, but for the past 45 years, Centro de Informacio´n has been there for them, and Centro will continue to be there for future gen-erations of immigrants. I honor Centro de Informacio´n as they cele-brate their anniversary. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE WEST NANTMEAL TOWNSHIP HISTOR-ICAL COMMISSION 
HON. PATRICK MEEHAN 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. MEEHAN. Mr. Speaker, today I honor the West Nantmeal Township Historic Com-mission. The individuals who make up this commission dedicate their time to the preser-vation of their community’s past. This team ensures historic records and structures are not lost to time. They also hold monthly meetings and informative events that engage and stimu-late the community’s appreciation for their shared history. This engagement provides an opportunity for individuals to share their own history, which the historic commission uses to build upon the community’s story, deepening everyone’s understanding and appreciation for their past. On September 23rd, this group will hold a dedication ceremony that honors the crew and pilot of a B–24 Bomber that crashed in the West Nantmeal Township during a World War II training mission. It is because of their efforts that stories like that of the flight crew will not be lost to history. I thank the West Nantmeal Township His-toric Commission’s dedication to their commu-nity’s past. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF RALPH CHUEY 
HON. TIM RYAN 
OF OHIO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to honor the life of Ralph B. Chuey who passed away peacefully on Sunday, July 16, 2017, at St. Elizabeth Health Center, in Boardman, Ohio, surrounded by his loving family. Ralph was born May 29, 1930, in Youngs-town, Ohio to Andrew and Mary (Bunofsky) Chuey. He graduated from Struthers High School in 1948, and was promptly drafted into the U.S. Army, where he proudly served his country in the Panama Canal zone during the Korean conflict. Shortly thereafter, he began a 40-plus-year career driving a local delivery truck for Wonder Bread and Hostess Cake. Everyone who had the pleasure of knowing him knew that Ralph was a go-getter. Once at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.012 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1259 September 25, 2017 
a party, he stole his buddy’s good-looking date, Miss Colette Martin. They were wed on Oct. 7, 1967. Their beautiful life together brought them two daughters who were the lights of his life. He worked tirelessly to pro-vide for them and set an amazing example of hard work and dedication. Ralph formerly served as a zoning inspector for the city of Girard. He was a true patriot who belonged to both the American Legion and the V.F.W., as well as having served as a Democratic precinct committeeman. He was politically active and was involved in many local campaigns throughout the years. In his spare time, Ralph enjoyed gardening, collecting antiques, complaining, Youngstown State University football, anything related to Cleveland sports, cheering for whatever team his son-in-law, Pat was currently coaching, and watching John Wayne movies with a fresh box of cheese crackers and a cold beer. He was a true Civil War buff and spent his most enjoyable hours dressing in costume and teaching others about the Civil War, particu-larly Ulysses S. Grant. He especially enjoyed taking part in the school tours at the Girard Historical Society Barnhisel House Museum, where he also played an instrumental role in the museum’s restoration. Those who will carry on his legacy include his loving wife of almost 50 years; his daugh-ter, Erin (Pat) Meyer of Huntington Beach, Calif., and his daughter, Shawna Chuey and Quentin Miles of Washington, DC; three grandchildren, Chris, Emma, and Sophia; his brother, Tom (Pat) Chuey of Poland, and many nieces and nephews. The family would especially like to thank Dan Hromyak and Leslie ‘‘Dani’’ Diana for their support and devotion to their Uncle Ralph. Ralph will be laid to rest at Girard City Cemetery, with military honors. I extend my deepest condolences to his family and friends. 
f 
HONORING TOWER ONE/TOWER EAST ON THE CELEBRATION OF THEIR 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great pleasure that I rise today to extend my heart-felt congratulations to Tower One/Tower East in New Haven, Connecticut as they mark their 50th Anniversary—a remarkable milestone for this special organization. Committed to its mission ‘‘to provide older persons of varying means with high quality liv-ing arrangements and services based upon Jewish values and traditions,’’ the Towers has been a place of care and solace to hundreds of residents over the last half century. The or-ganization is led by a dedicated staff and out-standing Board of Directors made up of lead-ers from across the community. The staff and Board have worked hard over the years to meet the changing needs of their residents and, in doing so, have created a unique envi-ronment in which their seniors are assured an affordable place to live with dignity and secu-rity in their golden years. Designed by renowned architect Charles Moore and located on the southern edge of New Haven’s downtown, Tower One opened its doors in 1971 and was followed a decade later by Tower East. Today, the Towers are comprised of 328 apartments that offer safe, affordable independent and assisted living as well as a full schedule of social, enrichment, and cultural programs. The Towers has been recognized both locally and nationally with multiple best practice awards from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment and Connecticut Assisted Living Asso-ciation The Towers have always been a special place to me. When my mother, Luisa, served on the City’s Board of Aldermen, she was for-tunate enough to have been invited to attend and speak at the opening ceremony and rib-bon-cutting at the Towers. As an elected offi-cial, she focused much of her attention on seniors. She visited the various senior centers and housing facilities to talk with the residents. She continued those visits on my behalf after I was elected to Congress. The Towers, its residents and staff alike, always welcomed her with open arms and have extended that same warmth to me over the years. The Towers are so much more than a group of buildings—it is a community. I am honored to have this opportunity to rise today to extend my sincere thanks and heartfelt congratula-tions to the Board of Directors and staff, past and present, of Tower One/Tower East as they mark their 50th Anniversary. Mazel Tov. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, September 13, I was unavoidably detained and subsequently missed two votes. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No. 486 and YEA on Roll Call No. 487. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. HARVEY MILNER, SR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a terrific educator, strong civic leader, dedicated man of God, and dear friend to my wife, Vivian and me, Harvey Milner, Sr., who retired from his position as Deputy Direc-tor of Public Services for the Columbus Public Works Department. He was honored in a re-tirement ceremony on Friday, September 22, 2017 at 3:00 p.m at the Columbus Govern-ment Center in Columbus, Georgia. Harvey Milner, Sr. was born to the late Hor-ace and Verlue Milner as the fourth of eight children. He is the loving husband of Mrs. Glendon Milner, the father of three children, Mr. Demetrius Milner, Mr Harvey Milner, Jr., and Mrs. Lisa Rhodes, and the father-in-law of two, Mrs. Keyona Milner and Nathaniel Rhodes. A humble servant of God, he re-counts becoming saved at an early age as he received the Gift of the Holy Ghost and came to know the Lord. He is humbled in his love for God and his church, serving on the deacon board for over 29 years. Harvey earned both his bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice and his master’s degree in Education with emphasis in Criminal Justice from Troy University. He was also a graduate of the Sergeants Major Academy Class 42, in Fort Bliss, Texas He went on to serve as a Command Sergeant Major in the U.S. Army for twenty-four years, before retiring. He also served eight years with the Columbus Police Department. He started in the Patrol Division before being promoted to the First Crime Anal-ysis Office. From there, he served as the Divi-sion Manager for Public Services, before being promoted to his most recent position as the Deputy Director of Public Services. Al-though he is retiring, Harvey will continue to serve as an Adjunct Professor with the Univer-sity of Maryland (UMUC) where he will pas-sionately teach students of all ages how to protect themselves from cybercrimes. In addition to his professional achievements, he served on a number of boards and was af-filiated with several associations. These in-cluded serving as a board member, and presi-dent of the Muscogee Rotary Club, secretary of the 100 Black Men of Columbus, Inc., and supervisor for Georgia Association Conserva-tion Districts, as well as, memberships on the Big Brothers Advisory Committee, Columbus Consolidated Government Pension Board, and Two Rivers Resource Conservation and De-velopment Council. He has also been invited to speak for numerous civic and church events. Harvey Milner has demonstrated through his career and life, outstanding achievement, service and public distinction. Our community, our state and our nation are better because of him. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 700 thousand citizens of the 2nd Congres-sional District in honoring and commending Mr. Harvey Milner, Sr. for his contributions to his community and human kind. f 
HONORING CITY OF LITTLETON MAYOR AND CITY COUNCIL MEM-BER AT LARGE BRUCE BECKMAN 
HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to City of Littleton Mayor and City Council Member At Large Bruce Beckman for his many years of extraor-dinary work and dedication to the City of Little-ton. Mayor Beckman’s leadership has, amongst other accomplishments, contributed to the city’s reputation as one of the best places to live in the State of Colorado and in our nation. Throughout Mayor Beckman’s tenure as both Mayor and City Councilman, he consist-ently guided city policy towards improving the quality of life and growth. He has worked re-lentlessly towards preserving and cultivating a quality community, developing a financially sound city government, and pursuing a bal-anced and sustainable local economy. In addition, Mayor Beckman has rep-resented the interests and concerns of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.017 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1260 September 25, 2017 
City of Littleton as a member of the Denver Metro Mayors Caucus and as an alternate Board Member on the Denver Regional Coun-cil of Governments. Prior to his public service as the City of Littleton Mayor, Beckman served our country and state in the United States Army and the Colorado Army National Guard; ultimately re-tiring at the rank of Colonel. In Littleton, he worked to protect others throughout his long career with the Littleton Police Department, until his retirement as Division Chief in 2010. Mr. Speaker, Bruce Beckman represents the very best in public service that the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer. I com-mend Mayor Beckman; he has served his community, our state, and our country tire-lessly over a long and impressive career in public service. I wish him the best of luck in all his future endeavors. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE CITY OF SEMINOLE, FLORIDA ON EARN-ING THE DESIGNATION OF A PURPLE HEART CITY 
HON. CHARLIE CRIST 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. CRIST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask the House of Representatives to join me in commemorating the City of Seminole, Florida on earning the designation of a Purple Heart City. The Purple Heart recognizes members of the Armed Service who have been wounded or killed while serving our country. It is the old-est military decoration awarded by the United States; beginning under General George Washington during the Revolutionary War. As originally conceived, the award recognizes meritorious military service with the Badge of Military Merit. President Washington’s merit award was revived with the Purple Heart on his 200th Birthday, to honor those who served the United States Armed Forces with distinc-tion. The City of Seminole first sought to recog-nize men and women currently serving, vet-erans, and those who gave their lives pro-tecting our freedom when the City Council passed the Red, White, and Blue initiative in 2014. Mayor Leslie Waters and the City of Semi-nole wanted to display the city’s patriotism by fitting every city building and park with a light-ed flag pole. Military members were invited to be present at the city’s parades and commu-nity events, and the city’s website was up-dated to provide instructions for the proper display of the American flag for businesses and homeowners who wished to join in this celebration of patriotism. After two years of working towards the Pur-ple Heart designation, Mayor Waters secured the honor on March 28, 2017. This distinction publicly acknowledges the City of Seminole’s gratitude to the men and women who have served in our military, and continued commit-ment to recognizing the price they have paid to ensure our freedom. Through civic edu-cation programs, military community involve-ment, and public works honoring the American flag, the City of Seminole demonstrates its commitment to our nation’s veterans. I would like to commend the city of Semi-nole in its efforts to honor the sacrifices made by our Purple Heart veterans. I am honored and humbled to represent so many veterans in the City of Seminole and across the 13th United States Congressional District of Florida, which is home to over 90,000 veterans and the distinguished C.W. Bill Young VA Medical Center in Bay Pines. Mr. Speaker, please join me once again to commemorate the City of Seminole on gaining the designation of a Purple Heart City, as we continue to appreciate and celebrate those who have sacrificed for this country. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LOIS FRANKEL 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, on Roll Call votes 494, 495, I was not present be-cause I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted on Roll Call Vote 494: NAY, and on Roll Call Vote 495: AYE. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF MR. HO-BART KELLISTON M
CDOWELL, III 
HON. TED LIEU 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. TED LIEU of California. Mr Speaker, I rise to celebrate the life of Hobart Kelliston McDowell, III—a beloved husband, father, and grandfather—who passed away on September 9, 2017 at the age of 64. Known to his family and friends as Kelly, Hobart grew up in Northern Virginia on a horse farm and attended Deerfield Academy in Massachusetts. In 1974, Hobart graduated from Stanford University with a degree in Eco-nomics and Political Science. He received his juris doctorate from UCLA Law School in 1977 and practiced law in Southern California for 30 years. Hobart later moved to El Segundo where he served as Treasurer of the Chamber of Com-merce and on the El Segundo Investment Ad-visory Committee. He was elected to City Council for the City of El Segundo in 1988 and served as a member for 12 years. In 2004, he was elected Mayor of the City of El Segundo and fought tirelessly on behalf of his constitu-ents for six years. Hobart was instrumental in addressing issues pertaining to the Los Ange-les International Airport’s modernization plan and was a powerful voice in protecting the Los Angeles Air Force Base by highlighting its im-portance to the South Bay. During this time, Hobart also served as Chairman of the Con-sortium of Cities where he worked closely with city officials on multiple planning projects. He was deeply committed to ensuring that El Segundo residents had a voice at the deci-sion-making table. After his retirement as Mayor, Hobart continued to be involved in the region as the Executive Director of the Inde-pendent Cities Association, a non-profit group consisting of 32 cities in Southern California Hobart is survived by his wife Lisa, his son Kelliston, his brothers Josh and Robert, his sister Tina and his step-grandchildren, Tommy, Ruby and Tanner. I hope that his family will take comfort in the incredible legacy that he established as a dedicated community leader. May his memory be a blessing to us all. f 
RECOGNIZING VICENTE V. GARZA 
HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Vicente V. Garza, of Laredo, Texas. Vicente V. Garza was born on August 5th, 1931 to Vicente Garza, Sr. and Julieta V. Garza in Laredo, Texas. He graduated with honors from St. Augustine High School and then from St. Edwards University in 1951 with a degree in Business Administration. He would soon form many business relationships in La-redo and manage several retail stores and ho-tels throughout the area. Eventually, through hard work and dedication, he founded El Rio Department Store and contributed to the de-velopment of the Riverdrive Mall in Laredo, Texas. A devoted Catholic and parishioner of Blessed Sacrament Church, Vicente contrib-uted to the Laredo Catholic Consolidation Fund. His film belief in the educational system led him to serve on the Laredo Community College Education Foundation Board, the Mary Help of Christians School Advisory Board, and sponsor various scholarship pro-grams. Mr. Garza had been named Laredo Morning Times Man of the Year for his efforts. Mr. Garza was successful both in business and in serving the community. He understood the importance of giving back to others. That is why he was committed to improving the education system. He wanted to ensure that those pursuing their education would have the opportunity to accomplish their ambitions. Mr. Garza’s life and work serve as an example to us all. Vicente is survived by his wife Irma, his daughter Irma P. Trautmann (Robert), siblings Ricardo Garza (Alma), Eduardo Garza, Violeta Zertuche (Ramon), Virginia Shuey (Rick), Jua-nita Fontaine, Julieta Averitt, and numerous grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nieces, and nephews. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Vicente V. Garza. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 516 regarding ‘‘On Motion to Recom-mit with Instructions’’ (H.R. 3697). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 517 ‘‘On Passage of the Criminal Alien Gang Member Removal Act’’ (H.R. 3697). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 518 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.021 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1261 September 25, 2017 
192’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 519 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 195’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 520 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 196’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 521 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 199’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 522 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 200’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 523 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 201’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 524 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 204’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 525 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 207’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 526 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 223’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, 1 would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 527 ‘‘On Mo-tion to Recommit with Instructions’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 528 ‘‘On Passage of Making appropriations for the De-partment of the Interior, environment, and re-lated agencies for the fiscal year ending Sep-tember 30, 2018, and for other purposes’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 529 ‘‘On Mo-tion to Suspend the Rules and Pass, as Amended the Joint Counterterrorism Aware-ness Workshop Series Act’’ (H.R. 3284). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. 
f 
EXTRAORDINARY MILITARY LEADERSHIP 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, last week I was grateful to participate in a Congressional Delegation to Japan, the Re-public of Korea, Guam, and Hawaii. We visited troops on the front line who are defending American families and promoting peace through strength. In the shadow of North Ko-rea’s latest missile launch over Japan, it was re-assuring to meet with leadership of the highest competence and integrity. We were inspired by leadership from: Vice Admiral Phil Sawyer, Commander, U.S. 7th Fleet, Yokosuka, Japan General Vincent Brooks, Commander, U.S. Forces Korea, Seoul, Korea Lieutenant General Tom Bergeson, Com-mander, 7th Air Force, Osan, Korea Lieutenant General Tom Vandal, Com-manding General, 8th Army, Camp Hum-phries, Korea Rear Admiral Shoshana Chatfield, Com-mander, Joint Region Marianas, Guam Lieutenant General Bryan Fenton, Deputy Commander, U.S. Pacific Command, Camp Smith, Hawaii Admiral Scott Swift, Commander, U.S. Pa-cific Fleet, Pearl Harbor, Hawaii General Terrance O’Shaughnessy, Com-mander, Pacific Air Forces, Hickam Air Force Base, Hawaii General Robert Brown, Commander, U.S. Army Pacific, Camp Smith, Hawaii The delegation was professionally coordi-nated by Captain Scott Farr and Lieutenant Commander Victoria Marum. Many thanks to staff Craig Collier and Brian Garett for accom-panying the delegation. In conclusion, God Bless Our Troops and we will never forget September 11th in the Global War on Terrorism. Our prayers with those in Mexico City, Puerto Rico, and all in the path of Hurricane Maria. f 
HONORING MAJOR GENERAL WAL-TER T. LORD ON HIS RETIRE-MENT AFTER MORE THAN 34 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
HON. SCOTT PERRY 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my heartfelt congratulations to my constituent, Walter T. Lord, on his upcoming retirement after more than 34 years of service to the United States of America. Major General Lord currently serves as Mili-tary Executive for the Reserve Forces Policy Board, Office of the Secretary of Defense. The Reserve Forces Policy Board serves as an independent advisor to the Secretary of De-fense, providing advice and recommendations on strategies and practices to improve and en-hance the capabilities and effectiveness of the Reserve components. General Lord has commanded at the pla-toon, company, squadron, and coalition head-quarters levels. He has held critical Army and Joint Staff positions at every level from unit to coalition in the United States, Germany, Bel-gium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, and Afghani-stan. His numerous commendations and awards, including the Defense Superior Service Medal, the Legion of Merit, the Bronze Star Medal, the Defense Meritorious Service Medal and others, are a testament to his steadfast cour-age, personal integrity, tireless work ethic and impeccable character. His enduring legacy of service to our Nation truly is exceptional and sets the standard for all to follow. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Con-gressional District, I commend and congratu-late my constituent, fellow brother-in-arms, and friend, Major General Walt Lord upon his retirement and for his exceptional service to the United States of America. TRIBUTE TO REX BELL, BRIGHTON CITY COUNCIL MEMBER FOR WARD 2 HON. MIKE COFFMAN 
OF COLORADO  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my appreciation to Rex Bell, Brighton City Council Member for Ward 2, for his many years of extraordinary work and dedication to the City of Brighton. Council Member Bell’s dedication to the City of Brighton and his lead-ership and vision has, amongst other accom-plishments, contributed to the city’s growth and prosperity. As a Brighton City Council Member, Rex Bell has consistently and effectively guided city policy towards improving the quality of life. He continually provided the City of Brighton with guidance and leadership in his roles as a member of the Adams County Water Quality Association, the Brighton Planning Commis-sion, and the Highway 85 Coalition and Lodg-ing Tax Committee. In addition to making the City of Brighton a better place to live, Council Member Bell has served his community for 23 years as a Sev-enth Day Adventist Pastor in the City of Brigh-ton. Council Member Bell has, without a doubt, enhanced the quality of life for every citizen in the City of Brighton throughout his tenure as a City Council Member and as a resident of the City of Brighton. Mr. Speaker, Brighton City Councilman Rex Bell represents the very best in public service that the State of Colorado and our nation has to offer. I offer my sincere appreciation for his unyielding dedication to public service and I wish him the very best of luck as he leaves the Brighton City Council and moves on to fu-ture endeavors. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, due to Hurricane Irma, I was unable to fly back for floor votes on Tuesday, September 12. Had I been present, I would have voted YEA on Roll Call No 485. 
f 
CONGRATULATING BROOKLYN CHI-NESE-AMERICAN ASSOCIATION’S EIGHTH AVENUE SENIOR CEN-TER 
HON. NYDIA M. VELA´ZQUEZ 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to congratulate Brooklyn Chinese-American Association’s Eighth Avenue Senior Center on over two decades of service to Brooklyn’s sen-iors. For seniors living in the Sunset Park, Bor-ough Park and Bay Ridge neighborhoods, the Eighth Avenue Senior Center has provided life 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.026 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1262 September 25, 2017 
changing support and services. From daily meals and medical screenings, to a variety of social events and activities, the Center un-doubtedly enhances the quality of life for so many of our seniors. During the celebration, the Annual Millennial Roundtables will gather seniors aged 84 and above for an opportunity to socialize with each other. Together, the seniors who take part in this cherished tradition have a combined age of over 1,000 years. I would like to send my deepest gratitude to all those who support and work with BCA’s Eighth Avenue Senior Center. Thanks to your hard work, we can all take pride in the many accomplishments this community hub has achieved over the last two decades. My best wishes for a successful event. 
f 
CONGRATULATING NATHAN HITE ON EARNING 143 MERIT BADGES 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Eagle Scout Nathan Hite of Elkhart, Indiana, on completing all 143 merit badges this year. Since 1910, Boy Scouts of America has been a pillar in youth development throughout the country. In the generations since, millions of Boy Scouts have gone on to make lasting impacts in their communities and learn impor-tant skills and life lessons that helped them make the future brighter. Instilling the charac-teristics of strong citizenship—such as cour-age, determination, and compassion for oth-ers—Boy Scouts of America has allowed young men like Nathan to challenge them-selves to be better and make positive con-tributions in the world around them. Nathan has distinguished himself among his peers and now joins the ranks of Boy Scouts who have completed all merit badges avail-able to them at the time of their service. In fact, because there are more merit badges available now than ever before, Nathan has earned more than any previous Scout. At the young age of 13, Nathan achieved the rank of Eagle Scout and pushed forward in his quest to complete all the available merit badges. I have no doubt Nathan will continue to aspire to excellence and meaningful accomplish-ments in all his future endeavors. Under the guidance of the Boy Scouts of America LaSalle Council and New Paris Scout Troop 12, Nathan has learned skills that will stay with him for the rest of his life. He exem-plifies the character that we all strive to attain, and through his participation in Boy Scouts, Nathan has become a well-rounded leader and a role model for others. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Indiana’s 2nd Dis-trict I am grateful for the exceptional opportu-nities Boy Scouts of America offers our youth, and I look forward to all the amazing things that lie ahead for Nathan. RECOGNIZING RAQUEL GONZALEZ HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life of Raquel Gonzalez, a business leader, community advocate, and role model for young Hispanic women. Ms. Gonzalez was born on April 22, 1925 in Tampico, Mexico to Carmen and Jose Gon-zalez, and was the second of seven children. She would attend San Juan Bosco and grad-uate from St. Augustine High School in La-redo, Texas. Ms. Gonzalez would begin her professional career directly out of high school at her father’s automotive firm, J.B. Gonzalez Garage. Here she honed her sharp business skills, strong work ethic, community pride, and deep-rooted family values. In 1975, Raquel Gonzalez and a group of investors founded the South Texas Abstract Company, later known as the Webb County Title and Abstract Company. Ms. Gonzalez became one of the nation’s first female His-panics to own and manage a successful title company. As a strong advocate for education, Ms. Gonzalez ran for a trustee position at Laredo Community College in 1980 and served for 28 years with distinction. And in 2003, the LCC Trustees unanimously voted to name the new Automotive Technology Center in her honor. She would also receive countless community service awards during her lifetime including: the Congressional Certificate of Merit, Laredo Women’s Hall of Fame, and Laredo Chamber of Commerce Small Business Person of the Year. Throughout Ms. Gonzalez’s career and life, her tireless work made Laredo a better place for her fellow citizens. She was a friend to all and selflessly gave to her community out of the goodness of her heart. Raquel is survived by her siblings, Juan G. Gonzalez, Mercedes G. McPartland (Robert), sister-in-law Consuelo, nephews, Mariano E. Gonzalez (Alma), Jose Mariano Gonzalez (Elia), Guillermo X. Gonzalez (Eva), Bryan A. McPartland (Cara), Ricardo Gonzalez (San Juanita), Luis A. Gonzalez, David F. Gonzalez (Camilla), and Ruben Gonzalez; nieces, Ma. Cristina Gonzalez (Humberto), M. Alexandria ‘‘Alex’’ Starnes (Melvin), Jenifer M. Shaw (Ed-ward), Griselda G. Palmer, Amparo M. Santos (Gerardo), Melissa Gonzalez, Laura M. Matz (Richard), and Elsa Gonzalez; and many grand-nephews, grand-nieces, great grand- nephews, and great grand-nieces. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the op-portunity to recognize Raquel Gonzalez. 
f 
HONORING THE LONG-TIME SERVICE OF JASON LARRABEE 
HON. JEFF DENHAM 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and honor the long-time service of my Chief of Staff, Jason Larrabee. During his time on my team, he has been instru-mental in managing our offices and providing direction for implementing policy in the Central Valley, and has been an even better friend. Jason graduated in 1997 from California State University, Chico, with a degree in Ge-ography and Planning. He quickly made the move to DC in 2001 to join former Congress-man Doug Ose as a Legislative Assistant, helping advocate for California water rights. He then joined former Congressman John Doolittle’s office as their Legislative Director, where he served for six years. In 2007, he left the Hill to start his own firm, Jason Larrabee Ventures, in Sacramento. There, he imple-mented government strategies for environ-mental policies in California, while simulta-neously earning his Master of Business Ad-ministration from Drexel University. Yearning to serve his country once again, Jason returned to Capitol Hill in 2010 to join me as my Chief of Staff. He ensured the con-tinued success of both my DC and district of-fices through his keen oversight and dedica-tion. He provided direction for an agenda that secured the passage of five bills into law. Ja-son’s strong commitment to the quality of his work, as well as to the country, is greatly ap-preciated and will be sorely missed. In addition to his contributions here on the Hill, Jason serves on the Board of Directors for the California State Society and as a man-aging partner for his family’s farm in Butte City, California. He also spent 11 years as a Volunteer Fireman with the Glenn County Fire Department. Throughout Jason’s countless years of accomplishments and experiences, he has had the loving support of his wife Jill, daughter Tatum, and dog Fritzy. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring and commending Jason Larrabee for his many years of service, devotion, and outstanding contributions to his community. We wish him continued success in his future endeavors. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. ROSA L. DeLAURO 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Ms. D
ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained and so I missed Roll Call vote number 486 regarding ‘‘On Ordering the Pre-vious Question’’ (H. Res. 513). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 487 regard-ing ‘‘On Agreeing to the Resolution’’ (H. Res. 513). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 488 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 73’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 489 regard-ing ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amend-ment No. 74’’ (H.R. 3354) Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 490 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 75’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 491 regard-ing ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amend-ment No. 76’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 492 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.031 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1263 September 25, 2017 
77’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 493 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 87’’ (H.R. 3354) Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 494 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 105’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 495 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 113’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 496 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 117’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 497 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 124’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 498 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 125’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 499 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 131’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 500 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 134’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 501 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 138’’ (H.R. 3354) Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 502 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 145’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 503 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 154’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 504 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 155’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 505 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 160’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 506 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 161’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 507 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 164’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 508 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 167’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 509 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 168’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 510 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 170’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 511 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 172’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 512 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 173’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 513 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 174’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 514 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 186’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yes’’. I missed Roll Call vote number 515 ‘‘On Agreeing to the Amendment, Amendment No. 187’’ (H.R. 3354). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘No’’. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE REPUB-LIC OF ARMENIA FOR 26 YEARS OF INDEPENDENCE FROM THE SOVIET UNION 
HON. FRANK PALLONE, JR. 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, as Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Armenian Issues, I congratulate President Sargsyan and the people of the Republic of Armenia on 26 years of independence from the Soviet Union. Since this day 26 years ago, the Armenian people have lived up to their pledge to create a free and strong nation, built on strong demo-cratic principles and a market economy. This year it was a great pleasure to be in Armenia to celebrate Independence Day with the Armenian people. Each time I visit, I am greatly impressed with how far the country has come since the first time I visited in 1997. In the past quarter century, the Republic of Ar-menia has strengthened its democratic institu-tions, empowered civil society, and engaged in economic diversification despite difficult bar-riers created by two of its four neighbors. While in Armenia, I was able to have incred-ible conversations with President Sargsyan, Members of the Presidential Cabinet, and Members of the National Assembly. They shared with me the progress being made in Armenia, and reaffirmed Armenia’s role as a partner in the region. Armenia is a strong part-ner, cooperating on a number of regional and security challenges in NATO’s Partnership for Peace program. The Republic of Armenia has also consist-ently championed the right to self-determina-tion of its neighbors in the Republic of Artsakh. This is a right that Artsakh continues to fight for in its steadfast pursuit of regional security and stability despite a tenuous cease fire. I join with the Armenian people and the Ar-menian-American community in celebrating 26 years of independence. I send my best wishes on this important day and pledge my contin-ued commitment to a strong United States-Ar-menia partnership. HONORING REP. WIGGINS HON. JAMES A. HIMES 
OF CONNECTICUT  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. HIMES. Mr. Speaker, I urge you to take note of the commitment to principle that the Honorable Charles Wiggins, a distinguished former Member of Congress from California, displayed when asking President Nixon to re-sign following the ‘‘Smoking Gun’’ tape revela-tion during the Watergate Scandal. Rep. Charles Wiggins, of the House Judiciary Com-mittee, was initially one of President Nixon’s most loyal supporters. However, with the rev-elation of President Nixon’s involvement in the Watergate break-in, Rep. Wiggins rescinded his support and called for President Nixon, a fellow Republican, to be impeached. Rep. Wiggins held true to the principle that no man is above the rule of law, including the Presi-dent of the United States. Four days later, President Nixon resigned. Let us not forget our moral compasses and the commitment to put country over party, and remember the cou-rageous act of Congressman Charles Wiggins holding firm that the rule of law applies to all Americans, even the occupant of the highest office in the land. 
f 
CONGRATULATING DALE AND JUDY STICKEL ON THEIR 50TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY 
HON. JACKIE WALORSKI 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dale and Judy Stickel on cele-brating 50 years of marriage. Having met in kindergarten and attended Junior prom together, they knew the stars had aligned early in their lives. Their heartwarming story of a childhood friendship that turned into a lifetime of love makes this golden anniver-sary all the more special. Not only that, their lasting commitment, not only to one another but to their family and community, is a shining example of devotion and faithfulness in our country. Dale and Judy have lived in northern Indi-ana nearly their entire lives, and I have no doubt the positive influence they’ve had here will last far into the future. They exemplify the hardworking and compassionate citizens we all strive to be. I am truly inspired by their pas-sion to help others and their efforts to make service a family tradition. It is clear that their love for one another and the family they have built grows stronger each day. Now 50 years later we have a wonderful reason to celebrate. Fifty years of marriage is a marvelous accomplishment, and this mile-stone speaks volumes about the love and compassion they share with one another, as well as their tremendous foundation of faith. Dale and Judy have built a life together that revolves around making a difference in the lives of others. It is no surprise the example they’ve set will ensure their legacy of selfless-ness, community, love, and faith is passed along to their three children and six grand-children. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of 2nd District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.035 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1264 September 25, 2017 
Hoosiers, it is my honor to congratulate Dale and Judy Stickel on their anniversary and join their family in celebrating this milestone. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DR. LORI J. BECH-TEL-WHERRY, CHANCELLOR OF PENN STATE ALTOONA, FOR RE-CEIVING THE 2017 ALTOONA KIWANIS CLUB CITIZEN OF THE YEAR AWARD 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Dr. Lori J. Bechtel-Wherry of Mar-tinsburg, PA and Chancellor of Penn State Al-toona, for receiving the 2017 Altoona Kiwanis Club Citizen of the Year Award. Dr. Bechtel-Wherry is Penn State Altoona’s Chancellor and Dean and is the first woman to hold such a position in the college’s history. She is also the first female full professor at Penn State Altoona. Her involvement on cam-pus is tremendous as she engages with stu-dents, pushes for the lasting success of the college and even sponsors a Challenge the Chancellor Ping Pong fundraiser each year to support Penn State Altoona’s THON Team. Dr. Bechtel-Wherry has been recognized by the Blair County Board of Commissioners for her dedicated involvement and service to-wards the local community through Penn State Altoona. Dr. Bechtel-Wherry serves on the board of directors for the Altoona Blair County Develop-ment Corporation and will become the first fe-male Chair of its Board in January 2018. Dr. Bechtel-Wherry has earned countless awards both at Penn State and in the sur-rounding Pennsylvania communities. Her work is clearly deserving of the Altoona Kiwanis Club Citizen of the Year Award. As such, it is my honor to help celebrate her having re-ceived this award. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MS. KAZNICK’S 100TH BIRTHDAY 
HON. ANDY BIGGS 
OF ARIZONA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to rec-ognize Grace Kaznick of Mesa, Arizona who recently celebrated her 100th birthday. She was born in Morrison, Colorado on September 2, 1917 and graduated from Bear Creek High School in 1935. Grace married her lifelong partner, Patrick Phillips, in September 1937. Grace worked as an accountant at Loretto Heights College and for Jefferson County Schools for her entire career. Throughout her life she has been an avid golfer and has played over 139 courses in the United States, United Kingdom, and Mexico. She achieved two hole-in-ones, one in Colorado and one in our district at Apache Wells Country Club in Mesa. Since moving to Arizona in the 1980’s, Grace has been very active with the Arizona Women’s Golf Association. Grace has a beautiful family of four children, five grandchildren, six great-grandchildren and three great-great grandchildren. All five gen-erations of her family gathered m Mesa on September 2, 2017 to celebrate her 100th birthday. Congratulations to Grace on achieving one hundred years young. f 
RECOGNIZING JUDGE JOLENE GRUBB KOPRIVA FOR 30 YEARS OF DEVOTED SERVICE TO BLAIR COUNTY 
HON. BILL SHUSTER 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Monday, September 25, 2017 Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Judge Jolene Grubb Kopriva for 30 years of devoted service to Blair County and to wish her well on her upcoming retirement. Since earning her Juris Doctorate Degree in 1978 at the Duquesne School of Law in Pitts-burgh, Pennsylvania, Judge Kopriva has been an essential part of the Blair County commu-nity. In November of 1987, Judge Kopriva challenged the status quo by becoming the first elected female judge in Blair County. In January 2006, she broke through another bar-rier by becoming the first female President Judge of Blair County—a position she held for over ten years. Judge Kopriva has been rightfully recog-nized time and time again for her service to the community. Despite her busy career, Judge Kopriva has been an active volunteer serving on the United Way Board of Directors, the Hollidaysburg Area YMCA Board of Direc-tors and Officer, the Multi-Disciplinary Child Abuse Team of Blair County, the Governor’s Community Partnership for Safe Children, as well as several other spots in her church and around Blair County. These positions earned her many distinctions such as the Altoona YWCA Tribute to Women Award, a NAACP Humanitarian Award, and the Lifetime Achievement Award from WISE Women of Blair County. Judge Kopriva’s devoted service is an inspi-ration to us all, and I wish her the best on her retirement. Though her time in court may be coming to a close, the impact she has made to improve the lives of those in Blair County will be felt for decades to come. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Sep-tember 26, 2017 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s RECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
SEPTEMBER 27 10 a.m. Committee on Environment and Public Works To hold hearings to examine forest man-agement to mitigate wildfires, focusing on legislative solutions. SD–406 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Op-portunity Commission, and Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Coun-sel, Department of Education. SD–430 Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland. SD–342 Committee on Veterans’ Affairs To hold hearings to examine preventing veteran suicide. SR–418 10:30 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, Howard R. Elliott, of Indiana, to be Administrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Mate-rials Safety Administration, Depart-ment of Transportation, and Walter G. Copan, of Colorado, to be Under Sec-retary of Commerce for Standards and Technology. SR–253 10:45 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Kathleen M. Fitzpatrick, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Democratic Republic of Timor- Leste, and Daniel J. Kritenbrink, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the So-cialist Republic of Vietnam, both of the Department of State. SD–419 2 p.m. Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine encouraging the next generation to visit National Parks. SD–366 2:15 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Richard Duke Buchan III, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the King-dom of Spain, and to serve concur-rently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to Andorra, Richard Grenell, of California, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Germany, Edward T. McMullen, Jr., of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Swiss Confederation, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Liechtenstein, Jamie 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A25SE8.038 E25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE1265 September 25, 2017 
McCourt, of California, to be Ambas-sador to the French Republic, and to serve concurrently and without addi-tional compensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Monaco, and Peter Hoekstra, of Michigan, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of the Nether-lands, all of the Department of State. SD–419 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Accountability Office reports on human trafficking of Native Americans in the United States. SD–628 Select Committee on Intelligence To hold closed hearings to examine cer-tain intelligence matters. SH–219 3 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the Small Business Administration’s response to the 2017 hurricanes. SR–428A SEPTEMBER 28 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine rural devel-opment and energy programs, focusing on perspectives for the 2018 Farm Bill. SH–216 Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine evaluating sanctions enforcement and policy op-tions on North Korea, focusing on Ad-ministration perspectives. SD–538 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1766, to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and the nominations of Amy Coney Bar-rett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, William L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, and Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, Hal-sey B. Frank, to be United States At-torney for the District of Maine, D. Mi-chael Hurst, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi, Jeffrey B. Jensen, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Missouri, Thomas L. Kirsch II, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana, and Wil-liam J. Powell, to be United States At-torney for the Northern District of West Virginia, all of the Department of Justice. SD–226 10 a.m. Committee on Armed Services To receive a closed briefing on North Korea. SVC–217 Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security To hold hearings to examine Transpor-tation Security Administration mod-ernization, focusing on improvements to aviation security. SR–253 OCTOBER 3 9:30 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John Marshall Mitnick, of Vir-ginia, to be General Counsel, Depart-ment of Homeland Security. SD–342 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine Wells Fargo one year later. SD–538 OCTOBER 4 10 a.m. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs To hold hearings to examine the Equifax cybersecurity breach. SD–538 2:30 p.m. Committee on Indian Affairs To hold an oversight hearing to examine Indian gaming, focusing on new issues and opportunities for success in the next 30 years. SH–216 October 5 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the Federal response to the opioid crisis. SD–430 OCTOBER 18 10 a.m. Committee on the Judiciary To hold an oversight hearing to examine the Department of Justice. SH–216 OCTOBER 25 9:30 a.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on SeaPower To receive a closed briefing on the major threats facing naval forces and the Navy’s current and planned capabili-ties to meet those threats. SVC–217 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:32 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M25SE8.000 E25SEPT1
D999 Monday, September 25, 2017 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S5873–S6095 Measures Introduced: Seven bills and two resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 1850–1856, and S. Res. 266–267.
                                                       Page S5886 
Measures Reported: S. 842, to prohibit Federal agencies and Federal contractors from requesting that an applicant for em-ployment disclose criminal history record informa-tion before the applicant has received a conditional offer, with amendments. (S. Rept. No. 115–162) 
                                                                                            Page S5886 
Measures Considered: National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1519, to authorize ap-propriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activi-ties of the Department of Defense, for military con-struction, and for defense activities of the Depart-ment of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year.
                              Page S5881 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, September 26, 2017. 
                                                                                            Page S6088 
National Defense Authorization Act—Agree-ment: A unanimous-consent agreement was reached providing that notwithstanding the passage of H.R. 2810, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military per-sonnel strengths for such fiscal year, the instructions to the Clerk in Reed (for Cantwell) Amendment No. 1065 and McCain (for Strange) Amendment No. 1086, be modified with the changes that are at the desk.
                                                        Pages S5878, S5889–6088 
Nomination Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nomination: By 49 yeas to 47 nays (Vote No. EX. 203), Wil-liam J. Emanuel, of California, to be a Member of the National Labor Relations Board for the term of five years expiring August 27, 2021.                                                    Pages S5875–78, S5878–81, S6095 
Nomination Received: Senate received the fol-lowing nomination: Peter B. Robb, of Vermont, to be General Counsel of the National Labor Relations Board for a term of four years.
                                                                      Page S6095 
Messages from the House:                                 Page S5884 
Executive Communications:                     Pages S5884–85 
Additional Cosponsors:                                Pages S5886–87 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                    Pages S5887–89 
Additional Statements:                                 Pages S5882–84 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:         Page S5889 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S5889 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—203)
                                                                Page S5881 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 4 p.m. and ad-journed at 7:48 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, Sep-tember 26, 2017. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S6088.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
GRAHAM-CASSIDY-HELLER-JOHNSON PROPOSAL Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the Graham-Cassidy-Heller-Johnson pro-posal, after receiving testimony from Senators Gra-ham, Hirono, and Cassidy; former Senator Rick Santorum; Dennis G. Smith, Arkansas Department of Human Services Senior Advisor for Medicaid and Health Care Reform, Little Rock; Teresa Miller, Pennsylvania Department of Human Services Acting Secretary, Harrisburg; and Cindy Mann, Manatt, Phelps and Phillips, and Dick Woodruff, American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network, both of Washington, D.C. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1000 September 25, 2017 
END OF THE YEAR SPENDING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: On Wednesday, September 20, 2017, Sub-committee on Federal Spending Oversight and Emergency Management concluded a hearing to ex-amine end of the year spending, after receiving testi-mony from Heather Krause, Director, Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office; and Allan Burman, Section 809 Panel, and Jason J. Fichtner, George Mason University Mercatus Center, both of Arlington, Virginia. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: On Wednesday, September 20, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to exam-ine the nominations of Allison H. Eid, of Colorado, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Cir-cuit, who was introduced by Senator Gardner, Annemarie Carney Axon, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Northern District of Alabama, who was introduced by Senator Shelby, Michael Law-rence Brown, and William M. Ray II, each to be a United States District Judge for the Northern Dis-trict of Georgia, who were both introduced by Sen-ators Isakson and Perdue, and Thomas Alvin Farr, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern Dis-trict of North Carolina, who was introduced by Sen-ator Burr, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. DISASTER PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE Special Committee on Aging: On Wednesday, Sep-tember 20, 2017, Committee concluded a hearing to examine disaster preparedness and response, focusing on the special needs of older Americans, including S. 1834, to amend title XXVIII of the Public Health Service Act to establish a National Advisory Com-mittee on Seniors and Disasters, after receiving testi-mony from Fire Chief Jay Delaney, Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania; Kathryn Hyer, University of South Florida College of Behavioral and Community Sciences School of Aging Studies, Tampa, Florida; Paul Timmons, Portlight Inclusive Disaster Strate-gies, Inc., Charleston, South Carolina; and Karen B. DeSalvo, New Orleans, Louisiana. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 pub-lic bills, H.R. 3819–3828; and 4 resolutions, H. Res. 532, and 534–536 were introduced. 
                                                                                    Pages H7485–86 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H7486–88 
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Supplemental Report on H.R. 2824, to amend title V of the Social Security Act to extend the Ma-ternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program (H. Rept. 115–315, Part 2); H.R. 2199, to improve Federal land management, resource conservation, environmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Sec-retary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose ca-dastre of Federal real property and identifying inac-curate, duplicate, and out-of-date Federal land inven-tories, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–322); H.R. 3551, to amend the Security and Account-ability for Every Port Act of 2006 to reauthorize the Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism Pro-gram, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–323); H.R. 986, to clarify the rights of Indians and In-dian tribes on Indian lands under the National Labor Relations Act, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–324); H.R. 2775, to amend the National Labor Rela-tions Act to require that lists of employees eligible to vote in organizing elections be provided to the National Labor Relations Board, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–325); H.R. 2776, to amend the National Labor Rela-tions Act with respect to the timing of elections and pre-election hearings and the identification of pre- election issues, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–326); H.R. 767, to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system, with amendments (H. Rept. 115–327); H.R. 2422, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for low-in-come and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–328); H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease re-search efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 115–329); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1001 September 25, 2017 
H.R. 880, to amend the Public Health Service Act to facilitate assignment of military trauma care providers to civilian trauma centers in order to maintain military trauma readiness and to support such centers, and for other purposes, with an amend-ment (H. Rept. 115–330); and H. Res. 533, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2824) to amend title V of the Social Secu-rity Act to extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2792) to amend the Social Security Act to make certain revisions to pro-visions limiting payment of benefits to fugitive fel-ons under titles II, VIII, and XVI of the Social Secu-rity Act; and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–331). 
                                                                                            Page H7485 
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Marshall to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
                                            Page H7437 
Recess: The House recessed at 12:20 p.m. and re-convened at 2 p.m.
                                                   Page H7439 
Recess: The House recessed at 2:08 p.m. and recon-vened at 3:04 p.m.
                                                   Page H7440 
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: North Korean Human Rights Reauthorization Act of 2017: H.R. 2061, to reauthorize the North Korean Human Rights Act of 2004, by a 
2⁄3yea- and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 531;
                                  Pages H7441–44, H7473–74 
Women, Peace, and Security Act of 2017: S. 1141, to ensure that the United States promotes the meaningful participation of women in mediation and negotiation processes seeking to prevent, mitigate, or resolve violent conflict;
                                   Pages H7446–50 
Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame Commemorative Coin Act: H.R. 1235, amended, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint coins in recognition of the 60th Anniversary of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame; 
                                                                                    Pages H7450–52 
The American Legion 100th Anniversary Com-memorative Coin Act: H.R. 2519, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion;
                                              Pages H7452–56 
Facilitating construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri: S. 810, to facilitate construction of a bridge on certain property in Christian County, Missouri; and
          Pages H7456–57 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Au-thorities Act of 2017: H.R. 3819, to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provi-sions of law administered by the Secretary of Vet-erans Affairs.                                                        Pages H7469–72 
Suspension: The House failed to agree to suspend the rules and pass the following measure: Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017: H.R. 3823, to amend title 49, United States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and to provide disaster tax relief, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 245 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 530.
                                                   Pages H7457–69, H7473 
Recess: The House recessed at 5:54 p.m. and recon-vened at 6:30 p.m.
                                                   Page H7473 
Suspension—Proceedings Postponed: The House debated the following measure under suspension of the rules. Further proceedings were postponed. Recognizing that for 50 years the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) has worked toward stability, prosperity, and peace in South-east Asia: H. Res. 311, amended, recognizing that for 50 years the Association of South East Asian Na-tions (ASEAN) has worked toward stability, pros-perity, and peace in Southeast Asia.
        Pages H7444–46 
Discharge Petition: Representative Michelle Lujan Grisham (NM) presented to the clerk a motion to discharge the Committee on Rules from the consid-eration of H. Res. 508, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1084) to address slow economic growth and spur investment and development in un-derserved communities across America (Discharge Petition No. 5). Quorum Calls—Votes: Two yea-and-nay votes de-veloped during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7473 and H7474. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 12 noon and ad-journed at 8:28 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
INCREASING OPPORTUNITY THROUGH EVIDENCE-BASED HOME VISITING ACT; CONTROL UNLAWFUL FUGITIVE FELONS ACT OF 2017 Committee on Rules: Full Committee held a hearing on H.R. 2824, the ‘‘Increasing Opportunity through Evidence-Based Home Visiting Act’’; and H.R. 2792, the ‘‘Control Unlawful Fugitive Felons Act of 2017’’. The Committee granted, by record vote of 9–2, a structured rule for H.R. 2824. The rule pro-vides one hour of general debate equally divided and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1002 September 25, 2017 
controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule makes in order as original text for the purpose of amendment an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Com-mittee Print 115–33 and provides that it shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute. The rule makes in order only the further amendments printed in the Rules Committee report. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be consid-ered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. The rule waives all points of order against the amendments printed in the report. The rule provides one motion to recom-mit with or without instructions. In section 2, the rule grants a closed rule for H.R. 2792. The rule provides one hour of debate equally divided and con-trolled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The rule waives all points of order against consideration of the bill. The rule provides that the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Com-mittee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill shall be considered as adopted and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. The rule waives all points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended. The rule provides one motion to recommit with or without instructions. In section 3, the rule directs the Clerk to, in the engrossment of H.R. 2824, add the text of H.R. 2792 as passed by the House, as a new matter at the end of H.R. 2824 and make conforming modifications in the engross-ment. Testimony was heard from Representatives Smith of Nebraska, Danny K. Davis of Illinois, Noem, and Pascrell. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 26, 2017 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine the nomination of General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, for reappointment to the grade of general and re-appointment to be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 10 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sub- committee on Consumer Protection, Product Safety, In-surance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine Federal Trade Commission stakeholder perspectives, fo-cusing on reform proposals to improve fairness, innova-tion, and consumer welfare, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: to hold hear-ings to examine the nominations of Bruce J. Walker, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary (Electricity Deliv-ery and Energy Reliability), and Steven E. Winberg, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary (Fossil Energy), both of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Jon M. Huntsman, Jr., of Utah, to be Ambassador to the Russian Federation, Justin Hicks Siberell, of Maryland, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Bahrain, and A. Wess Mitchell, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (European and Eurasian Affairs), all of the Department of State, and J. Steven Dowd, of Florida, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine managing security assistance to support foreign pol-icy, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine special counsels and the separation of powers, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed brief-ing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on En-ergy, hearing entitled ‘‘Powering America: Technology’s Role in Empowering Consumers’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Ray-burn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of State Redesign’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Trans-portation and Protective Security, hearing entitled ‘‘Rais-ing the Standard: DHS’s Efforts to Improve Aviation Se-curity Around the Globe’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Effi-ciency, hearing entitled ‘‘DHS Financial Systems: Will Modernization Ever Be Achieved’’, 2 p.m., HVC–210. Committee on House Administration, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Transforming GPO for the 21st Cen-tury and Beyond: Part 3—Federal Depository Library Program’’, 10:15 a.m., 1310 Longworth. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing on H.R. 200, the ‘‘Strength-ening Fishing Communities and Increasing Flexibility in Fisheries Management Act’’; H.R. 2023, the ‘‘Modern-izing Recreational Fisheries Management Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3588, the ‘‘RED SNAPPER Act’’; and legislation to amend and reauthorize the Magnuson-Stevens Fishery 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1003 September 25, 2017 Conservation and Management Act, and for other pur-poses, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Subcommittee on Indian, Insular and Alaska Native Affairs, hearing on H.R. 3535, the ‘‘Ruffey Rancheria Restoration Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3650, the ‘‘Lumbee Rec-ognition Act’’; and H.R. 3744, the ‘‘Tribal Recognition Act of 2017’’, 2 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Recommendations of the Com-mission on Evidence-Based Policymaking’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Subcommittee on the Interior, Energy, and Environ-ment, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining America’s Nuclear Waste Management and Storage’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Water Resources and Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘Building a 21st Century Infrastructure for America: Water Stakeholders’ Perspectives’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Subcommittee on Health, hearing on H.R. 93, to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for increased access to Department of Veterans Affairs medical care for women veterans; H.R. 501, the ‘‘VA Transparency Enhancement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1063, the ‘‘Veteran Prescription Continuity Act’’; H.R. 1066, the ‘‘VA Management Alignment Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1943, the ‘‘Restoring Maximum Mobility to Our Nation’s Veterans Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1972, the ‘‘VA Billing Accountability Act’’; H.R. 2147, the ‘‘Vet-erans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2225, the ‘‘Veterans Dog Training Therapy Act’’; H.R. 2327, the ‘‘PAWS Act of 2017’’; and legislation on the VA’s Health Professionals Educational Assistance Pro-gram, 10 a.m., 334 Cannon. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of September 26 through September 29, 2017 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1519, National Defense Authorization Act. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Sep- tember 28, to hold hearings to examine rural develop-ment and energy programs, focusing on perspectives for the 2018 Farm Bill, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Armed Services: September 26, to hold hear-ings to examine the nomination of General Joseph F. Dunford, Jr., USMC, for reappointment to the grade of general and reappointment to be Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 10 a.m., SH–216. September 28, Full Committee, to receive a closed briefing on North Korea, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: Sep- tember 26, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Securities and Exchange Commission, 10 a.m., SD–538. September 28, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine evaluating sanctions enforcement and policy op-tions on North Korea, focusing on Administration per-spectives, 9:30 a.m., SD–538. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Sep- tember 26, Subcommittee on Consumer Protection, Prod-uct Safety, Insurance, and Data Security, to hold hearings to examine Federal Trade Commission stakeholder per-spectives, focusing on reform proposals to improve fair-ness, innovation, and consumer welfare, 2:30 p.m., SR–253. September 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Ann Marie Buerkle, of New York, to be Chairman of the Consumer Product Safety Commission, Howard R. Elliott, of Indiana, to be Ad-ministrator of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safe-ty Administration, Department of Transportation, and Walter G. Copan, of Colorado, to be Under Secretary of Commerce for Standards and Technology, 10:30 a.m., SR–253. September 28, Subcommittee on Aviation Operations, Safety, and Security, to hold hearings to examine Trans-portation Security Administration modernization, focus-ing on improvements to aviation security, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: September 26, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Bruce J. Walker, of New York, to be an Assistant Secretary (Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability), and Steven E. Winberg, of Pennsylvania, to be an Assistant Secretary (Fossil Energy), both of the Department of Energy, 10 a.m., SD–366. September 27, Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to examine encouraging the next generation to visit National Parks, 2 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Environment and Public Works: September 27, to hold hearings to examine forest management to mitigate wildfires, focusing on legislative solutions, 10 a.m., SD–406. Committee on Foreign Relations: September 26, business meeting to consider the nominations of Jon M. Hunts-man, Jr., of Utah, to be Ambassador to the Russian Fed-eration, Justin Hicks Siberell, of Maryland, to be Ambas-sador to the Kingdom of Bahrain, and A. Wess Mitchell, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (European and Eurasian Affairs), all of the Department of State, and J. Steven Dowd, of Florida, to be United States Director of the African Development Bank; to be immediately fol-lowed by a hearing to examine managing security assist-ance to support foreign policy, 10:30 a.m., SD–419. September 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Kathleen M. Fitzpatrick, of the District of Columbia, to be Ambassador to the Demo-cratic Republic of Timor-Leste, and Daniel J. Kritenbrink, of Virginia, to be Ambassador to the Social-ist Republic of Vietnam, both of the Department of State, 10:45 a.m., SD–419. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD1004 September 25, 2017 September 27, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nominations of Richard Duke Buchan III, of Florida, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of Spain, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensa-tion as Ambassador to Andorra, Richard Grenell, of Cali-fornia, to be Ambassador to the Federal Republic of Ger-many, Edward T. McMullen, Jr., of South Carolina, to be Ambassador to the Swiss Confederation, and to serve con-currently and without additional compensation as Ambas-sador to the Principality of Liechtenstein, Jamie McCourt, of California, to be Ambassador to the French Republic, and to serve concurrently and without additional com-pensation as Ambassador to the Principality of Monaco, and Peter Hoekstra, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Kingdom of the Netherlands, all of the Department of State, 2:15 p.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Sep- tember 27, business meeting to consider the nominations of Patrick Pizzella, of Virginia, to be Deputy Secretary of Labor, Janet Dhillon, of Pennsylvania, and Daniel M. Gade, of North Dakota, both to be a Member of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and Carlos G. Muniz, of Florida, to be General Counsel, Department of Education, 10 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: September 27, to hold hearings to examine threats to the homeland, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: September 27, to hold an oversight hearing to examine the Government Account-ability Office reports on human trafficking of Native Americans in the United States, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: September 26, to hold hear-ings to examine special counsels and the separation of powers, 10 a.m., SD–226. September 28, Full Committee, business meeting to consider S. 1766, to reauthorize the SAFER Act of 2013, and the nominations of Amy Coney Barrett, of Indiana, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Joan Louise Larsen, of Michigan, to be United States Cir-cuit Judge for the Sixth Circuit, William L. Campbell, Jr., to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Tennessee, Thomas Lee Robinson Parker, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of Tennessee, and Eric S. Dreiband, of Maryland, and Brian Allen Benczkowski, of Virginia, both to be an Assistant Attorney General, Halsey B. Frank, to be United States Attorney for the District of Maine, D. Michael Hurst, Jr., to be United States Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi, Jeffrey B. Jensen, to be United States Attor-ney for the Eastern District of Missouri, Thomas L. Kirsch II, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of Indiana, and William J. Powell, to be United States Attorney for the Northern District of West Vir-ginia, all of the Department of Justice, 9:30 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Sep- tember 27, to hold hearings to examine the Small Busi-ness Administration’s response to the 2017 hurricanes, 3 p.m., SR–428A. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: September 27, to hold hearings to examine preventing veteran suicide, 10 a.m., SR–418. Select Committee on Intelligence: September 26, to receive a closed briefing on certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. September 27, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine certain intelligence matters, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, September 27, Sub-committee on Tactical Air and Land Forces, hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Army’s Tactical Network Modernization Strat-egy’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, September 27, Sub-committee on Housing and Insurance, hearing entitled ‘‘Overview of the Family Self-Sufficiency Program’’, 3 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. September 28, Subcommittee on Housing and Insur-ance, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Insurance for Non-profit Organizations’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, September 27, Sub-committee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations, hearing entitled ‘‘Rwanda: Democracy Thwarted’’, 3 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. September 27, Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, hearing entitled ‘‘Burma’s Brutal Campaign Against the Rohingya’’, 2:30 p.m., 2172 Rayburn. September 28, Full Committee, markup on H. Res. 422, urging the adherence to the ‘‘one country, two sys-tems’’ policy as prescribed in the Joint Declaration be-tween the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the Government of the People’s Republic of China on the Question of Hong Kong; H.R. 425, the ‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2017’’; H.R. 1196, the ‘‘Counterterrorism Screening and Assistance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 2658, the ‘‘Venezuela Humanitarian Assist-ance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3320, to direct the Secretary of State to de-velop a strategy to regain observer status for Taiwan in the World Health Organization, and for other purposes; H.R. 3342, the ‘‘Sanctioning Hizballah’s Illicit Use of Civilians as Defenseless Shields Act’’; H.R. 3445, the ‘‘AGOA and MCA Modernization Act’’; and H.R. 3329, the ‘‘Hizballah International Financing Prevention Amendments Act of 2017’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Rayburn. Committee on the Judiciary, September 28, Subcommittee on Regulatory Reform, Commercial and Antitrust Law, hearing entitled ‘‘Rulemakers Must Follow the Rules, Too: Oversight of Agency Compliance with the Congres-sional Review Act’’, 9:30 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, September 27, Sub-committee on Oversight and Investigations, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Exploring Solutions to Reduce Risks of Catastrophic Wildfire and Improve Resiliency of National Forests’’, 3 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, September 28, Full Committee, markup on H.R. 1159, the ‘‘United States and Israel Space Cooperation Act’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D1005 September 25, 2017 September 28, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology; and Subcommittee on Space, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Great American Eclipse: To Totality and Be-yond’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, September 27, Sub-committee on Economic Opportunity, hearing entitled ‘‘How to Improve Access to GI Bill Approved Appren-ticeship Programs and How These Programs Benefit Vet-erans’’, 3 p.m., 334 Cannon. Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, September 28, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Document Produc-tion’’, 9 a.m., HVC–210. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1006 September 25, 2017 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, September 26 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of S. 1519, National Defense Authorization Act. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 10 a.m., Tuesday, September 26 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Consideration of H.R. 2824—In-creasing Opportunity and Success for Children and Par-ents through Evidence-Based Home Visiting Act (Subject to a Rule). Consideration of H.R. 2792—Control Unlaw-ful Fugitive Felons Act of 2017 (Subject to a Rule). 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Barr, Andy, Ky., E1257 Biggs, Andy, Ariz., E1264 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E1259 Brownley, Julia, Calif., E1253 Coffman, Mike, Colo., E1255, E1257, E1259, E1261 Crist, Charlie, Fla., E1260 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E1255, E1258, E1260, E1262 DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1254, E1256, E1257, E1259, E1260, E1262 Denham, Jeff, Calif., E1262 Frankel, Lois, Fla., E1260 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E1256 Himes, James A., Conn., E1263 Krishnamoorthi, Ill., E1258 Larson, John B., Conn., E1254 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1260 Maloney, Carolyn B., N.Y., E1253 Matsui, Doris O., Calif., E1255 Meehan, Patrick, Pa., E1258 Olson, Pete, Tex., E1258 Pallone, Frank, Jr., N.J., E1263 Pascrell, Bill, Jr., N.J., E1256 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1257, E1261 Rogers, Harold, Ky., E1253 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E1254, E1258 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E1255, E1259, E1261 Ryan, Tim, Ohio, E1258 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1264, E1264 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1254 Vela´zquez, Nydia M., N.Y., E1261 Visclosky, Peter J., Ind., E1254, E1256 Walorski, Jackie, Ind., E1262, E1263 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E1261 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:23 Sep 26, 2017 Jkt 069060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D25SE7.REC D25SEPT1