Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3973) to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require certain entities to develop internal risk control mechanisms to safeguard and govern the storage of market data. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3973 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Market Data Protection Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, cybersecurity is critical to consumers, investors, market participants and, frankly, the very markets themselves. However, in April of 2016, the GAO—the Government Accountability Office—identified weaknesses regarding information security protocols at the Securities and Exchange Commission, and noted that the SEC’s failure to implement an agencywide data security program had occurred. Once confirmed in May of this year, SEC Chairman Jay Clayton initiated an assessment of the SEC’s internal cybersecurity risk profile and their approach to cybersecurity from a regulatory and oversight perspective. The SEC’s internal assessment found that the agency had inadequate controls and that there were serious cyber and data risks. Unfortunately, in September of this year, Chairman Clayton issued a statement on cybersecurity in which he revealed that a cyber breach ‘‘previously detected in 2016 may have provided illicit gain through trading.’’ Specifically, a software vulnerability existed in the test filing component of the SEC’s Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval—also known as the EDGAR system—which resulted in access to nonpublic information. While this breach provided hackers access to highly sensitive material, at the time, the SEC believed ‘‘the intrusion did not result in unauthorized access to personally identifiable information’’—or PII, as we commonly refer to it—therefore, ‘‘jeopardize the operations of the SEC, or result in a systemic risk.’’ And that was a quote from the SEC’s report. However, unfortunately, in a follow up disclosure shortly after that, Chairman Clayton revealed that personally identifiable information, including names, birth dates, Social Security numbers, were actually compromised for two individuals in that particular breach. The GAO report and the EDGAR data breach underscore what is now even of greater concern, the sufficiency of risk control mechanisms for the SECapproved consolidated audit trail, or also known as the CAT system. The CAT will be the most comprehensive repository of market data we have seen, and it will collect and identify every order, cancellation, and trade execution for all exchangelisted equities and options across all U.S. markets. It will also collect personally identifiable information beginning 1 year after it begins accepting market data. Thesys Technologies, which was selected to be the plan processor for the CAT, is scheduled to begin accepting data from selfregulatory organizations who must provide data to CAT on Wednesday, November 15, just merely days from today. Many of my colleagues, as well as market participants, have voiced concerns about the cost of building and implementing such a system and the amount of PII that will be required to be collected by the CAT. Last Congress, several Members wrote to former SEC Chair Mary Jo White expressing serious concerns 
What we are trusting here is that Chairman Clayton does the right thing—takes the message from this vote that we are about to take, and then begins to work with our committee to get this cybersecurity risk under control to provide the assurances that the American people want and that the markets need in order to trust that no more data is collected and made vulnerable than is necessary to accomplish the mission, but that whatever data is made available is secure. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of our colleagues to support the passage of this bill. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. Since I have no speakers seeking time on my side, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as I had said before, when information is the equivalent of modernday gold, we need to make sure that whatever vaults that information, that gold, is going into are properly protected—properly protected for consumers and their personally identifiable information. We have an obligation, as the government, to make sure that their information is protected as best as possible, and doubly so when it is going into governmentrun systems. That is the reason why H.R. 3973 is so imperative that it be passed. Mr. Speaker, I again commend my friend from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ) and my friend from California (Mr. SHERMAN) on their bipartisan work on that. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3973. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONNECTED GOVERNMENT ACT Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2331) to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2331 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Connected Government Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2331, introduced by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ). The bill requires all Federal agencies to ensure any Federal Government website intended for use by the public is mobile friendly. Services offered by the Federal Government should be effective but also accessible to the public. Agency websites are one of the most important tools for taxpayers to observe services and information from the government. The U.S. Government runs more than 6,000 websites on over 400 domains. One recent study estimated that approximately 40 percent of government websites either are not accessible or are difficult to access on a phone, yet nearly 80 percent of Americans own a smartphone, and at least 1 in 10 American adults rely exclusively on a smartphone for access to the internet, according to a Pew survey. The data clearly points to the utility of making all government websites mobile friendly. Another study found that more people accessed the internet on their mobile devices than a desktop computer for the first time last year. It is clear that Federal agencies must emphasize mobile accessibility to effectively serve the American people. The Connected Government Act will require agencies to do just that. This bill requires Federal agencies to ensure their websites are mobile friendly during the course of creating new websites or updating existing ones. A mobilefriendly government is a necessary step in the modernization of the government’s IT infrastructure. Mr. Speaker, I applaud my colleague, the gentlewoman from Illinois, for her work in sponsoring this bill. I am proud also to support this bipartisan legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a blog post regarding this bill written by Congressman PALLONE and myself. 
[From the Energy & Commerce Democrats, Sep. 13, 2017] IT’STIMETOGIVE THE GOVERNMENT AN  UPGRADE FOR THE MOBILE WORLD  (By Frank Pallone, Jr. and Robin Kelly) In the wake of the natural disasters devastating so much of the country, millions of Americans are turning to federal agencies for help—but the government’s websites don’t always make it easy. We’ve introduced legislation in the House that would change that, and it’s moving forward at a time when it can help a lot of Americans who are suffering. For people who were forced from their homes or are without power because of hurricanes, storms or wildfires, their only connection to necessities of survival—food, water, fuel, and shelter—is through their mobile phones. It’s the device they could take with them when they had to flee their homes. But while private websites and charities have developed new mobile websites and apps to help those who are still struggling, many of the essential government websites on which people depend are essentially unusable on a phone. During any natural disaster, we expect the government to be at its best. But for people whose homes have been flooded, burned out, or leveled, trying to navigate government websites on their phones likely feels like a waste of time. For instance, if you need to start looking for a loan to rebuild your home, good luck trying to use your phone to navigate the website for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. If you need to reach state or local authorities, the problems get worse. And asking people to hunt down a working desktop computer right now is just unreasonable. Although these natural disasters are making this problem more acute, the need for a 
governmentwide upgrade is only growing more important every day. That’s because the people who need the most help are often on mobile devices. If you are young, if you have a lower income, or if you are a minority, you are much more likely to use a smartphone as your only entry point to the internet. The gap is significant—people earning less than $30,000 were 13 times more likely in 2015 to depend on a smartphone than people earning more than $75,000. Yet websites that are intended to strengthen the social safety net like programs providing food assistance are nearly inaccessible on a phone. 
THE OTHER WAY AROUND  Last year we crossed a significant threshold—Americans are now more likely to access the internet on their mobile device than on their desktop computer. If people rely on mobile devices, our services should be designed for mobile devices, and that’s why agencies with consumerfacing websites should be designed with an eye towards mobile first. These mobile sites can make it easier for people who may not have the time to wait in line at a government office. In order to bring government up to speed, we have introduced the Connected Government Act, which ensures that all new federal agency websites are designed to work well on mobile devices. These federal sites would serve as an example to the states who need to do more to modernize their own technology. This simple change can have a big impact—from shorter lines and faster service, to providing more help to more people. Mobile friendly websites will ultimately help build a stronger democracy. Today, our bill is expected to clear a crucial committee vote in the House. And our colleagues Senators Maggie Hassan (D–NH) and Cory Gardner (R–CO) recently introduced a companion bill in the Senate. With this progress, our path to a smarter government is within reach. Congress should act soon to get this bill passed. In the wake of these recent disasters, we need to ensure that anyone looking for assistance from a federal agency can get the information they need through their mobile device. This is the least we can do to help alleviate some of the stress people feel in times of need. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I thank the coleader on this bill, Congressman FRANK PALLONE , who has been a strong supporter every step of the way, from the bill’s drafting through today’s floor consideration. I also thank my good friend Congressman MARK MEADOWS , a cosponsor of the bill, and I thank Senator HASSAN , who introduced the Senate companion. Mr. Speaker, this is a simple bill that will ensure all government websites are accessible to all Americans. It simply requires that any new or updated Federal websites be mobile friendly. It is 2017. We need Federal websites to work for all Americans. In the past 90 days, there were 2.61 billion visits to Federal websites. Almost 40 percent of those came from mobile devices. That is over 1 billion hits from mobile devices like tablets and smartphones. But today, according to a report by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation, 40 percent of government websites don’t work on smartphones or are mobile unfriendly. Alarmingly, many of these sites are critical to serving the American people, like the application for Federal student aid and the launch point for bidding on Federal Government contracts. For millions of Americans without access to reliable broadband or without a desktop computer, smartphones are their doorway to the internet. A recent Pew report found that younger Americans, lowincome Americans, rural Americans, and people of color are more likely to rely only on smartphones to browse the web. Today, 77 percent of Americans own and use smartphones to access the internet. For 10 percent of Americans, it is their primary access to the internet. That is 32 million Americans. It is unacceptable for 32 million Americans to have difficulty reaching their government simply because we couldn’t keep up with technological trends. Recently, Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria showed just how vital smartphones have become, especially during disasters. In the aftermath of these storms, millions of Americans relied on their smartphones to find assistance. Imagine the frustration of navigating SBA, FEMA, or HUD websites, looking for assistance on a 5 inch screen, and the site not working because it is only designed for desktop browsing. In my time serving as the ranking member of the Information Technology Subcommittee, it has been clear that the Federal Government’s IT systems are not working and have not kept up with even the most basic technology trends that are common in the private sector. Americans deserve a modern American Government that is accessible and responsive to their needs. This bill takes us one step closer to realizing this goal. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill that the CBO has said will have no significant cost to taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her great work on this bill, I urge adoption of it, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, this year’s natural disasters have devastated millions of Americans across the country, leaving so many with little more than the smartphone in their pocket. But when these people look to the government for help, they find that too many of the governments’ websites aren’t made for the computers they have with them all the time—their phones. Our bill takes a big step forward in fixing that issue and helping these Americans get back on their feet. I want to thank Congresswoman KELLY for championing the Connected Government Act in the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. I urge my colleagues to support this common sense bill, and I hope we can secure passage in the Senate soon. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2331, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FEDERAL ACQUISITION SAVINGS ACT OF 2017 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3071) to require executive agencies to consider equipment rental in any costeffectiveness analysis for equipment acquisition, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3071 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3071, introduced by my colleague from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), and which I have cosponsored. The Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017 would require the government to consider renting equipment over buying or leasing that equipment. The Government Accountability Office reported that agencies annually spend an average of more than $200 billion on purchasing or leasing equipment, with purchasing accounting for almost all of that spending. The Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017 provides an opportunity to save money when obtaining equipment. The current rules encourage agencies to consider the most costeffective way to obtain equipment, but only between purchasing or leasing. Renting is not an option. H.R. 3071 requires agencies to consider renting equipment as a costsaving measure over purchasing or leasing. The bill also directs that the Federal Acquisition Regulation be revised to implement this policy. Renting equipment can provide a more costeffective and flexible alternative to buying or leasing. When purchasing equipment, the purchaser makes a longterm investment and assumes the total cost of ownership for that equipment. However, some shortterm needs can be met without assuming the cost of purchasing and maintaining equipment. Leasing or renting are options in such cases. Leasing should be considered, but, depending on an agency’s needs, leasing may not be the best lowcost option. Typically, leases involve defined leasing periods and are specific to a single piece of equipment. In addition, leasing may require a large upfront outlay of capital, and, under a lease, the government is generally responsible for the cost of maintenance, insurance, and storage of the equipment. Alternatively, rental for a temporary period with no fixed duration may fit the need and provide a more flexible option. b1630 Renting equipment may be costeffective because rental agreements typically cover costs such as storage, maintenance, insurance, transport, and licensing. Other State and local governments have used the equipment rental option with great success, but the Federal Government has not widely adopted this lowcost option. For example, the Texas Department of Transportation reported saving $10.8 million due to a rental program. They reported renting more than 1,200 pieces of equipment at a cost of $18.9 million and purchasing 931 assets costing more than $40 million. The Mississippi Department of Transportation commissioned a study on their equipment management processes and systems, and that study found that renting equipment, such as bulldozers and motor graders, to supplement their fleet was the most costeffective option. In fact, that study found that Mississippi could realize over $13,000 in annual cost savings and $180,000 in lifecycle cost savings per bulldozer unit. H.R. 3071 presents an opportunity to realize cost savings in obtaining equipment by directing agencies to consider the rental option. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative BUDDY CARTER for his leadership on this bill. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 3071, the Federal Acquisition Savings Act, as amended, would require Federal contracting officers to consider shortterm rentals in addition to longterm leasing or purchasing when acquiring equipment agencies need. I would like to thank Chairman GOWDY and Representative C ARTER for working with the minority in a bipartisan manner to address concerns that were raised about the bill as introduced. The Federal Acquisition Regulation is currently unclear about whether shortterm rentals are permitted. Rental equipment, as opposed to purchasing or leasing, can be a costeffective option for Federal agencies in certain circumstances. This bill would provide additional flexibility by allowing such rentals. It would also improve efficiency by requiring the costeffectiveness of renting to be considered by Federal contracting officers. I support giving contracting officers additional tools to make the most costeffective decisions. The bill, as amended, also would require GAO to produce a report card on the use of renting or leasing by Federal agencies. The requirements for that report were very burdensome for GAO in the bill as introduced. I know we all value GAO’s work and want to make the best use of its resources. I am glad that those reporting requirements have been streamlined. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor and privilege to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 3071, the Federal Acquisition Savings Act of 2017. This legislation seeks to modernize our government’s outdated acquisition strategies, while simultaneously acting as good stewards of valuable taxpayer dollars. My bill would simply require Federal agencies to consider renting as a cost effective alternative in equipment acquisition, giving the government options that the private sector has undertaken and has seen success and cost savings with. As previously reported by the Government Accountability Office, the GAO, the Federal Government spends more than $200 billion, on average, either purchasing or leasing equipment. Of those acquisition decisions, purchasing of equipment accounts for more than 99 percent of that share. Federal agencies are instructed to consider the costeffectiveness of these strategies as they move through the process, but even that has been found to be lacking. The GAO has found that, in many instances, Federal agencies don’t even bother to undertake these analyses. That means that the taxpayers are the ones who lose out as Federal agencies sidestep these responsibilities and undertake what is, many times, the easiest but most expensive route—purchasing. This is an issue the committee and this body have been looking at for years. In 2012, the GAO issued a report finding that contracting officials from the Air Force and Department of the Interior did not perform the lease versuspurchase analysis for many of the contracts awarded. In July of 2013, GSA issued an RFI seeking to determine if there is a distinction between leasing and renting of equipment. The overwhelming response to the RFI indicated that amending the Federal Acquisition Regulation, the FAR, to include renting would be pertinent. However, the GSI did not act on that recommendation. These actions have resulted in this legislation and the goodfaith effort to ensure taxpayer dollars are spent wisely and that the Federal requirements for Federal acquisition are followed. Under subpart 7.4 of the FAR, agencies are directed to conduct a caseby case evaluation of the cost between leasing and purchasing. As I mentioned earlier, many of those analyses aren’t conducted. Amending this part of FAR will open up new avenues and will allow them to pursue successes and cost savings being used in the private sector. For instance, the Texas Department of Transportation reported savings of $10.8 million within the fleet operations division. These savings are realized when the additional costs of ownership are factored, including maintenance, transportation, and other areas. 
In addition to this example, the Mississippi Department of Transportation commissioned a study finding that they could find significant cost savings per unit if they utilized renting equipment as an option. Rental agreements are often thought of as shortterm transactions with no fixed duration. This gives the renter—in this case, the Federal agencies—more say in how the equipment is used and the duration of the need for that equipment. For instance, specialized equipment that is only needed several times a year or is needed in varying locations can be sourced via renting to reduce overhead costs. As this body continues to pursue meaningful legislation to reduce the burden on our constituents and streamline the government, this is a great step forward. My bipartisan legislation will reduce waste in the Federal Government while giving them the opportunity to pursue new and innovative ways to source equipment. Too often, we see areas of mismanagement within the Federal Government that can and should be addressed, and this is a chance to help correct the ship one step at a time. This bipartisan legislation passed the Oversight and Government Reform Committee with overwhelming support, and I thank my colleagues on the committee and on this bill for their support and persistence in addressing shortfalls in the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, please join me in support of this legislation and help us ensure future acquisition decisions are done with the taxpayers in mind. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for this bill, and I urge its adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3071, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that, I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PRESIDENTIAL ALLOWANCE MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3739) to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 3739 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) and the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 3739, a bill I introduced to limit the allowances paid to former Presidents. Congress passed the Former Presidents Act of 1958 to maintain the dignity of the Office of the President and assist former Presidents who did not have sufficient financial resources. It is a noble purpose, but times have changed. When the Former Presidents Act was passed, Herbert Hoover and Harry Truman were the only two former living Presidents. Unlike the more recent former Presidents, they did not earn millions of dollars from speaking fees and book deals after leaving office. For example, President Clinton earned more than $100 million in speaking fees between 2001 and 2013. President George W. Bush received $10 million for his book deal. In April 2017, President Obama spoke at a Wall Street firm for a fee of $400,000, and he and the former First Lady also reportedly signed a joint book deal worth over $65 million. It is a fact of the modern Presidency that these lucrative financial opportunities are available now as they were not to former Presidents. Because of these opportunities, it is no longer necessary to provide taxpayerfunded support to former Presidents in the same way as envisioned in 1958. H.R. 3739 presents a fair way to reduce taxpayer support to those former Presidents who no longer need such assistance. Furthermore, with our Nation facing $20 trillion in debt, we must find ways to save taxpayer money, and our former Presidents will lead by example in cutting costs under this bill. The Presidential Allowance Modernization Act reforms pensions and allowances provided to former Presidents and surviving spouses and reduces unnecessary costs to the taxpayer. This bill sets a former President’s pension at $200,000, compared to current law where the pension is linked to the Cabinet Secretary’s pay level, currently at $204,700. Surviving spouses of former Presidents will be eligible for a pension of $100,000, a more realistic amount than the $20,000 pension available under current law. Currently, former Presidents are also eligible for other benefits paid through annual appropriations. These include 
office space and leases, furniture and supplies, and staff salaries. Such additional benefits provided to former Presidents totaled $2.84 million in fiscal year 2017 and $2.43 million the year before. Instead, this bill will provide a $500,000 lump sum allowance for each eligible former President to cover such expenses. This allowance will be reduced dollarfordollar for any earned income in excess of $400,000. For example, a former President making $900,000 in earned income would not be eligible for the allowance. For former Presidents eligible for the allowance, the allowance will decrease over time. Five years after the former President has left office, the allowance is reduced to $350,000, and then 10 years later, the allowance is reduced to $250,000. In the 114th Congress, the Presidential Allowance Modernization Act of 2016 was passed, but it was not signed into law. Senator JONIERNST  and I have worked with other stakeholders to improve the bill in 2017. This 2017 bill advances the same principles of accountability and modernization as the 2016 legislation but makes some key changes. First, the bill provides a 6month period after the date of enactment before the bill takes effect to ensure current former Presidents have time to plan for the changes. Second, the bill increases the allowance amount from $200,000 in the previous bill language to $500,000. However, as described earlier, this allowance decreases over time, but it is not entirely eliminated should a former President be eligible for the allowance. The office of the former President is an important institution to support in a nominal way. We were all recently reminded of the importance of this institution by the joint effort of former Presidents to raise hurricane relief funds. The third change made in this version of the bill is the pension and allowance are terminated 30 days after the death of a former President—instead of immediately upon death. This change was made to accommodate the work that must be done to wrap up the affairs of a former President. b1645 Finally, I want to assure my colleagues that this bill does not impact funding for the security or protection of a former President. Again, I want to thank Senator ERNST for her work on this bill in the previous years and this particular bill in 2017. It has been a real pleasure to work with her and her staff. I want to acknowledge Members such as Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , and the former chairman, Mr. Chaffetz, whose work on this bill last year positioned us to be successful this year. I also want to express my gratitude to the professional staff on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, who have put in so many hours of work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would amend the Former Presidents Act of 1958 to cap a former President’s annual pension at $200,000 indexed to inflation. The bill also would provide an additional annual allowance for expenses that would start at $500,000 per year and decrease gradually to $250,000. Under this bill, the annual allowance would be reduced dollar for dollar in instances in which a former President’s adjusted gross income in a taxable year exceeds $400,000. Taxpayers should not have to pay for a former President’s allowance if the former President is making a comfortable living earning millions of dollars a year, as many former Presidents do. This legislation would not affect any funding for the security and protection of former Presidents and their spouses. This legislation would update the pension amount for surviving spouses of former Presidents, which has been unchanged since 1958, by increasing it from $20,000 to $100,000. Last Congress, President Obama vetoed a previous version of this legislation because it would have had unintended consequences. For example, due to technical drafting errors, it would have resulted in the immediate termination of the salary and benefits of certain staff of the former Presidents. It would also have resulted in the termination of leases for office space and the removal of furniture and equipment. That was clearly not an acceptable situation, and I am glad we have been able to resolve these problems in the legislation before us today. I believe this bill makes fiscal sense, and I urge Members to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend from Illinois for yielding to me. I would also like to thank Representative HICE, our own Chairman G OWDY , and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for including in this bill, like the similar bill from the last Congress, an update to the Former Presidents Act to reflect the positively changed status of the District of Columbia government since the enactment of the Former Presidents Act of 1958. As it affects the District of Columbia, this bill provides an update to indeed reflect the law regarding the District of Columbia as it is now as opposed to how it was at the time the Former Presidents Act was originally passed in 1958. In 1958, the District of Columbia had no elected local government. It didn’t have any member of this body to draw this matter to the attention of the House. Instead, the D.C. government was run by three Presidentially appointed commissioners, and all locally raised D.C. funds were deposited in the U.S. Treasury—locally raised, but put right there in the Treasury—and the Federal Government paid the employer contribution of the pensions of D.C. government employees. You can see why D.C. thought of itself at that time as a colony of the United States of America. We have changed all that. Thanks to the Home Rule Act and the work of this Congress, this bill would treat employment of former Presidents and the widows of former Presidents in the District government in the same manner as employment in other local and State governments. The Former Presidents Act was intended to prevent former Presidents and widows of former Presidents from doubledipping in the Treasury by collecting a Federal pension during any period they were employed by the Federal Government or the D.C. government, just in case that happened. However, the Former Presidents Act became outdated with respect to the D.C. government after Congress passed the Home Rule Act of 1973, and it needs to be updated. The Home Rule Act granted the District of Columbia a locally elected government. Under the Home Rule Act, D.C. local funds consisting of local taxes and fees are deposited in D.C. government accounts, not the U.S. Treasury. Also, because of the Home Rule Act, former Presidents and widows of former Presidents would not be doubledipping by collecting both a Federal pension and a salary from the D.C. government because they are funded by what is now different governments. I am very grateful that the House passed this bill last year. This is, of course, leftover business from more than 40 years ago. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman. Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me another minute. While the District of Columbia struggles to become the 51st State, we certainly appreciate at least being recognized as an independent jurisdiction and no longer a ward of the Federal Government, as granted by the Home Rule Act of 1973. I particularly appreciate my friends from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, on which I serve, seeing to it that this bill came to the floor, and Congressman HICEas well, and I appreciate the leadership for placing this bill on this calendar. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge the adoption of this bill. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bill, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3739, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATES POLICY TOWARDS YEMEN Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of November 1, 2017, I call up the resolution (H. Res. 599) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives with respect to United States policy towards Yemen, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
engaged in hostilities abroad without authorization. Though we provide logistics to our Saudi partners in the region, United States forces are not conducting hostilities against Houthi forces in Yemen. The initial resolution also neglected a key facet of the Yemen crisis, and that is Iran, which has been providing increasing support—very nefarious support—to the Houthi rebels. We must not forget that in April of 2015, the U.N. Security Council, acting under Chapter 7 of the U.N. Charter, condemned the violent Houthi government overthrow ‘‘in the strongest terms’’ and obligated all U.N. member states to comply with and enforce an embargo on arms and military assistance ‘‘of all types’’ to the Houthi forces. This makes Iran’s acts to fuel this deadly conflict a gross violation of international law, as our ambassador has pointed out. I am glad that the new H. Res. 599 addresses these shortcomings, and I rise to support it today. Even before this latest conflict, Yemen was the poorest country in the region. It was wracked by violence and unrest. For years, the countries of North and South Yemen were in conflict before they became a single state. That was in 1990. After an uprising in 2011, Yemen embarked on a path of attempted national dialogue, of unification, and of constitutional reform; but hopes for stability and progress were dashed in 2014. That is the time when an Iranianbacked Houthi rebel group in alliance with former Yemeni strongman, Ali Abdullah Saleh, forcibly deposed the internationally recognized government of President Hadi. In response, the United States Security Council adopted Resolution 2216, which sanctioned individuals involved in destabilizing Yemen and demanded that the Houthis unconditionally end their use of violence, withdraw their forces, relinquish their seized weapons, and refrain from threats to neighboring states. Unfortunately, the HouthiSaleh rejection of this U.N. Security Council resolution, with Iran’s backing, has sabotaged the prospects for peace. Mr. Speaker, the United States has longstanding, critical national security interests in this region. Members will recall that the deadly bombing of the USS Cole occurred there in Yemen. Other terrorist plots against Americans originated in Yemen, including the unsuccessful 2009 underwear bomber attack on a Northwest Airlines flight that was going to Detroit. We and our partners continue to conduct operations against alQaida inside Yemen, and that is pursuant to the 2001 Authorization for Use of Military Force with the permission of the internationally recognized Government of Yemen. Although alQaida in the Arabian Peninsula may not grab a lot of international headlines, it still continues to threaten Western nations, and it still maintains a significant network in South Yemen, which we are working to disrupt. Making matters worse, Yemen has become another front in Iran’s quest for regional dominance, which has accelerated in the wake of the previous administration’s nuclear deal. b1700 Consider that Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps has transferred increasingly sophisticated weapons systems to the Houthis and specialists to train and advise their units. Also consider that Iran’s top terror proxy, Hezbollah, is helping the Houthis, who have launched numerous missiles and raids into Saudi Arabia, killing innocent civilians. Just last week, a ballistic missile was intercepted over the Saudi capital of Riyadh. This Iranian meddling in Yemen thwarts peace by empowering the Houthis to resist a return to political negotiations. The Iranian regime could not care less about the human suffering it is responsible for. Of course, beyond our national security, the region is also vital to the U.S. and the global economy. The southwest coast of Yemen constitutes one side of the Bab alMandab Strait, a narrow, strategic chokepoint in the flow of international goods headed to and from Europe, Asia, and the United States. At times, Iraniansupported Houthis have attacked international shipping, including an American vessel. Disruptions to shipping along the waterway mean disruptions to employment and wages. So it is no wonder that, in response to these threats, a Saudiled coalition of 10 nations began military operations against HouthiSaleh forces in March of 2015. Its mission was to reinstate the internationally recognized government. However, 2
1⁄2years later, military progress remains elusive and battle lines are hardened. The Saudiled coalition controls the port city of Aden and the lowland areas in the south, while the Houthis continue to hold the capital and the highlands of northern Yemen. Civilian casualties have been distressingly high, including from Saudi airstrikes in the early months of the campaign. Today, Yemen is in shambles. It is simultaneously experiencing the world’s largest food insecurity crisis and largest cholera outbreak, with more than 900,000 suspected cases. Last week’s moves by the Saudis to further close ground, air, and seaports only threaten to make things worse. The United States remains committed to providing muchneeded relief to innocent men, women, and children affected by this crisis. In fact, we remain the single largest donor of humanitarian aid to Yemen, by far. USAID and U.N. aid to agencies report that all parties to the conflict, including the Saudiled coalition, have been responsible for bureaucratic impediments and disruptions to humanitarian operations, complicating our ability to effectively deliver lifesaving assistance. Our resolution says this must stop, by all sides. Mr. Speaker, this all provides for a very complex policy challenge. Some say the United States should distance itself from longstanding military cooperation with Saudi Arabia, the UAE, and other Gulf Cooperation Council partners. But this would only strengthen Iran’s malign influence in the region and would not solve the humanitarian crisis. Indeed, it would likely worsen it. At the same time, others say our only focus should be neutralizing Iran and terrorist threats. But we cannot ignore the moral and strategic costs of civilian casualties and deteriorating humanitarian conditions. To this end, I believe that H. Res. 599 appropriately balances the shared, bipartisan concerns of this body: The urgent need for a political solution in Yemen consistent with Security Council Resolution 2216; A call for all parties to prevent civilian casualties; Support for the Saudiled coalition’s commitments to improve targeting and abide by their nostrike list; and, Condemnation and sanctions for Iran’s destabilizing activities in Yemen in violation of Security Council Resolution 2216. Here, we should note that this body has taken strong, bipartisan action in recent months to challenge Iran’s aggression, including by sanctioning its ICBM program and its support for the terrorist group Hezbollah. Make no mistake about it: Iran is an avowed enemy and our biggest security threat in the region; on the other hand, the Saudis are our partners. The resolution calls for all parties to allow unobstructed access for humanitarian organizations, human rights investigations, medical personnel, and journalists. In general, it brings attention to a Yemeni conflict that deserves more international notice. As we debate this measure, I suspect we may hear different views of War Powers and authorizations for use of military force as they relate to Yemen. As I said, I don’t believe our security cooperation with the Saudis triggers War Powers. This is the type of support we provide to many other governments. But just because it does not arise under that particular statute does not make it immune from our scrutiny. I share Members’ concerns that Congress must be as attentive as possible to the roles and missions of our Armed Forces overseas and monitor the ways in which our security assistance is being used. In this sense, Yemen does warrant closer watching. That is what I believe this resolution does. I again want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ), the majority leader and minority whip of the 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), chairman emeritus of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and current chair of the Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, the chairman of our committee, for yielding me the time, and I rise today in support of H. Res. 599—expressing the sense of the U.S. House of Representatives with respect to United States policy toward Yemen. I want to thank my other colleague from California, Mr. KHANNA , and Mr. MCGOVERN from Massachusetts for offering this important resolution before us. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for always working in a bipartisan manner in our committee, including with our leadership, to bring this resolution before us today. Mr. Speaker, there are approximately 2 million internally displaced persons in Yemen right now. International aid agencies consider Yemen to be one of the four current famine countries alongside South Sudan, Somalia, and Nigeria. We must ensure that access and safe passage is being given to reach the people of Yemen who desperately need this assistance. Saudi Arabia and the UAE have security and terror concerns in Yemen, and they have to mitigate those, but there 
should not be any obstacles to prevent the delivery of vital humanitarian assistance to Yemen. It is positive news that this morning Saudi Arabia announced that it will begin reopening airports and seaports in Yemen; so, hopefully, that aid will come quickly for those starving people. Since this campaign began in 2015, the United States has been the largest contributor of humanitarian aid to Yemen. We must ensure that the aid is not being diverted and is actually reaching the right people who need it the most. A political solution is needed in Yemen where all parties can sit down and negotiate a path forward, but that becomes increasingly more difficult when we have to deal with the negative influence of Iran and the Houthis. Here are some examples. In February 2017, General Soleimani, commander of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps, the Quds Force, reportedly pledged to increase Iran’s assistance to HouthiSaleh forces. According to press reports, two incidents occurred in October 2016, off the coast of Yemen, where missiles were fired targeting our Navy destroyers. After Houthi forces targeted U.S. warships near Yemen, the vice admiral, who heads U.S. Naval Forces Central Command, said: ‘‘We believe that Iran is connected to this.’’ Since April 2015, U.S. warships have intercepted at least five Iranian shipments of weapons to Houthi forces. Just last week, the U.S. Forces’ central commander said that a missile fired by the Houthis at Riyadh was manufactured by Iran. In Yemen, we cannot forget that we need to undermine Iran’s influence over the Houthis. Last month, the White House released a new strategy when it comes to Iran, and it stated: ‘‘The Iranian regime has taken advantage of regional conflicts and instability to aggressively expand its regional influence and threaten its neighbors with little domestic or international cost for its actions.’’ I believe that targeted sanctions are needed against Iran for providing weapons to the Houthis, weapons that are being used to directly target U.S. soldiers in the region. Lastly, Mr. Speaker, we cannot forget about the threats emanating from a U.S.designated foreign terrorist organization, alQaida, in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP. The United States must continue to operate and conduct operations in Yemen to counter the threats from AQAP, but we cannot do it alone. A few months ago, the UAE and the U.S. teamed up with local Yemeni forces to target AQAP militants. This is another positive sign in the region where we can partner with our Gulf partners to fight extremist elements jointly. These operations are essential to protecting our national security interests and to help bring regional stability in the region. While a lot of the focus is traditionally put on Hezbollah and Hamas in the region, we cannot forget about the dangerous malign and illicit activities that Iran is undertaking through its proxy in Yemen, the Houthis. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), who has been a real advocate and champion for the War Powers Act in this institution. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from California for yielding me the time and for his leadership to bring before this House the critical issue of U.S. policy towards Yemen. Most importantly, I want to thank him for his determination to provide this House with at least 30 minutes to debate the complicity of the United States through its support of the Saudiled forces in the civil war in Yemen in one of the greatest humanitarian crises taking place on this planet. I personally believe that the House should be considering Mr. KHANNA ’s original resolution, H. Con. Res. 81, but Republican leaders made that impossible by threatening to put forward a rule that would have blocked the right of Congressman KHANNA to ever call his privileged resolution up for debate. Mr. Speaker, according to the United Nations, Yemen is suffering the fastest growing cholera epidemic ever recorded. At the same time, Yemen faces the world’s biggest food emergency. Saudi Arabia has blocked Yemen’s ports and airports. Just last week, it sealed the country’s borders. As a result, the people of Yemen have been cut off from nearly all humanitarian aid during this horrific famine and cholera epidemic, and the ability of humanitarian agencies to provide relief has been significantly impeded. The U.N. has called the Saudi closure of Yemen’s borders to aid deliveries catastrophic. Even the International Committee of the Red Cross was forbidden to cross the northern border with a delivery of chlorine tablets to prevent cholera. We learned today from the Saudis that two smaller southern ports and one Red Sea port will be open soon, although we don’t know what that means, but the main port, where over 80 percent of Yemen’s food supplies enter, will remain blockaded and closed. Mr. Speaker, it is well documented that the Saudiled coalition and Saudi forces, in particular, have carried out a ruthless, brutal bombing campaign that deliberately targets hospitals, schools, food markets, and civilian population, including children. The World Food Programme has warned that hundreds of thousands of children will be on the brink of starvation if the blockade lasts for even 2 weeks. That deadline of death and starvation will arrive next Tuesday, just 2 days before we, here in the United States, sit down to enjoy our Thanksgiving with our family, friends, and loved ones. Will the Members of this House spare a thought for the children, mothers, and fathers of Yemen as we sit down and feast in the warmth and comfort of our own homes? Or will this Congress finally, after more than 21⁄2years of sheer horror, send a clear message to Saudi Arabia that its actions are intolerable? Mr. Speaker, Saudi Arabia’s actions, thus far, and the coalition it leads in the Yemen civil war may very well rise to the level of war crimes and crimes against humanity, according to the United Nations. It is past time for this House to clearly and unambiguously declare that the United States will no longer provide or sell military aid, equipment, and munitions to potential war criminals; that the United States will no longer supply midair refueling to Saudi and coalition bombers headed to Yemen to wreak havoc on the suffering Yemeni people; that the U.S. will no longer share intelligence with the Saudi coalition; and that we will no longer remain a complicit and passive partner in carrying out one of the world’s greatest humanitarian crises. Mr. Speaker, I know the Houthi rebels attempting to take power in Yemen are also guilty of war crimes. Last November, the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission held a hearing on the human rights situation and humanitarian crisis in Yemen, so I know full well the atrocities committed by all parties in this war. Mr. Speaker, Yemen is just one more proxy in the region of religious and political struggle for dominance between Sunnis, Saudi Arabia, and Shiite Iran. For some in Congress, that power struggle trumps every other consideration. For me, it is yet another reason to act with extreme caution and examine whether and how we allow ourselves to support potential war criminals in pursuit of consolidating their own regional agenda and power. I am concerned that this power struggle is escalating further throughout the region. Rather than the U.S. policy working to cool things down, we seem to be encouraging it to heat up. I, for one, Mr. Speaker, do not want the United States to be complicit in supporting the killing and maiming of children. I do not want the United States to be complicit in the deliberate targeting and attacks against schools, hospitals, markets, and homes. I do not want the United States to be complicit in bombing water treatment plants at any time, let alone in the middle of the worst cholera epidemic in the world. I do not want the United States to be complicit in supporting a blockade that condemns tens of thousands of children to famine and death by starvation. Once again, I thank Congressman RO KHANNA and my other colleagues who have supported this effort to have this 
debate. I want to thank them for their leadership on this important issue, but this is serious. Mr. Speaker, I include in the record a Washington Post, November 9, 2017, editorial, and an article from The Guardian. 
[From the Washington Post—Editorial, Nov. 9, 2017] THECRISIS IN YEMEN  Saudi Arabia’s blockade could trigger a fullblown famine. Saudi Arabia has charged that a missile launched from Yemen toward Riyadh’s international airport on Saturday was supplied by Iran and assembled by Tehran’s Lebanese client, Hezbollah. It says this could be considered ‘‘an act of war’’ and claims the right to ‘‘respond to Iran in the appropriate time and manner.’’ Yet the only action taken so far by the de facto Saudi ruler, Mohammed bin Salman, has been to besiege some of the world’s most desperate people—the cholera stricken and literally famished civilian population of Yemen. The press of multiple international crises and President Trump’s monopolization of media attention have helped obscure the severity of the humanitarian emergency in Yemen, a poor country of 28 million that has been devastated by civil war and a Saudiled military intervention. According to the United Nations, it is suffering the fastest growing cholera epidemic ever recorded, with about 895,000 cases and nearly 2,200 deaths since April. At the same time, it is facing the world’s biggest food emergency, with 7 million people requiring urgent assistance. Children have been disproportionately afflicted. According to U.N. figures, 27 percent of the cholera victims are under the age of 5. Officials estimate that Juvenile cholera cases will reach 600,000 by the end of the year. Meanwhile, hunger has left half of children under 5 stunted, and 2.2 million are affected by either moderate or severe malnutrition. Saudi Arabia bears heavy responsibility for this suffering. For 2
1⁄2years, it has pursued a ruthless but unwinnable war against ethnic Houthis who have captured much of the country, including the capital, Sanaa, and the largest port, Hodeida. Bombing raids have repeatedly struck hospitals and food markets. Worse, in the name of preventing Iran from delivering weapons to the Houthis, the Saudis and their allies have blockaded the country by sea and air, closing Sanaa’s airport to commercial traffic and slowing food imports at Hodeida. Now, in reaction to the missile firing, the Saudis have announced a more thorough closure of ‘‘all Yemeni ground, air and sea ports.’’ Though a government statement said it would take ‘‘into consideration the continuation of the entry and exit’’ of humanitarian supplies and aid workers, UN. officials say that aid flights have been blocked. The World Food Program warned that hundreds of thousands of children would be ‘‘on the brink of starvation’’ if the blockade lasted even for two weeks. Saudi officials say the siege is meant to prevent what they claim was the smuggling of missile parts into Yemen from Iran. It has offered no proof of the rocket’s origin, and experts point out that Yemen is known to have imported Scud missiles from North Korea before the war. In any case, the blockade will not deter either Iran or the Houthis, but it could trigger a fullblown famine among innocent children. The Trump administration, which has blithely backed Crown Prince Salman in his reckless adventures, should consider the cost. [From the Guardian, Nov. 7, 2017] CLOSURE OF YEMEN ’SBORDERS TOAID DELIVERIES IS ‘CATASTROPHIC ’, UN W ARNS  (By Karen McVeigh) After Saudiled coalition seals stricken country’s borders, aid agencies caution that deliveries of food and medicine are critical for population’s survival. Humanitarian groups and the UN have urged the Saudiled coalition to reopen aid channels into Yemen, after a decision to seal the stricken country’s air, sea and land borders. The UN described the closure of aid channels as ‘‘catastrophic’’. Food, medicine and other essential supplies are ‘‘critical for the survival’’ of the country’s 27 million population, weakened by war, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) added. Yemen is in the grip of the world’s worst cholera outbreak and 7 million people are already on the brink of famine. The coalition said on Monday it would close the borders to stem the flow of arms from Iran, after it intercepted a missile attack by Houthi rebels near the international airport in Riyadh, the Saudi capital. Iran has denied supplying the missiles. Humanitarian operations, including UN aid flights, are blocked because the air and sea ports, including Hodeidah, where most aid is delivered, are closed. The UN reported it was not permitted flight clearance for two humanitarian flights bound for Yemen on Monday. A Red Cross shipment of chlorine tablets, to prevent cholera, was not allowed in at the country’s northern border, the ICRC said. Medical supplies, including insulin, are expected. Yemen has been named the UN’s number one humanitarian crisis. ‘‘We hear reports this morning that prices of cooking gas and petrol for cars and so on [are] already spiralling out of control,’’ Jens Laerke, from the UN office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, told a news briefing. ‘‘So this is an access problem of colossal dimensions?’ Johan Mooij, Yemen director of Care International, said: ‘‘For the last two days, nothing has got in or out of the country. Fuel prices have gone up by 50% and there are queues at the gas stations. People fear no more fuel will come into Hodeidah port.’’ He explained that food insecurity was helping cholera to spread. ‘‘People depend on the humanitarian aid and part of the cholera issue [is] that they do not eat and are not strong enough to deal with unclean water?’ There have also been ‘‘daily airstrikes’’ in Sana’a, he said, adding: ‘‘People fear the situation is escalating.’’ Robert Mardini, ICRC’s regional director for the near and Middle East, said: ‘‘Insulin cannot wait at a shuttered border since it must be kept refrigerated. Without a quick solution to the closure, the humanitarian consequences will be dire.’’ Mardini said he was also concerned at the ‘‘steadily growing’’ number of civilian casualties and the targeting of nonmilitary infrastructure, such as water treatment plants and civilian airports. ‘‘Such actions are in violation of international humanitarian law,’’ he said. The war is between the Houthi rebels, who are allied with former president Ali Abdullah Saleh, and forces loyal to another president, AbdRabbu Mansour Hadi, who was ousted by the Houthis. Saudi Arabia has led a military intervention since 2015 to counter the advance of the Houthis, and aims to reinstate Hadi. Both the coalition and rebels have been criticised by the UN for blocking aid to civilians. Rupert Colville, a spokesman from the UN high commissioner for human rights, told Reuters the agency would study whether the blockade amounted to ‘‘collective punishment’’, unlawful under international law, and said he hoped it would be temporary. The agency has expressed concern over a series of recent attacks on markets and homes that have killed scores of civilians, including children. Last month, the UN put the coalition on a draft of its blacklist for killing and maiming 683 children during the conflict in 2016 and for carrying out 38 verified attacks on schools and hospitals. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the purpose of this resolution is to pressure the Saudis to take those steps to reopen access to those ports. That is what we are doing. We need to be talking about the other aspect of what we are also trying to do here, and that is to try to get the Houthis to respond to the actions taken by the U.N. and to try to get the Houthis to lift their impediments that they have put in place. They need to respect the neutrality of aid and stop diverting humanitarian convoys away from those who are in need, as we know from the U.N. that this is the problem. The Houthis, according to the United Nations, need to accept the U.N. plan that would allow for neutral actors to administer the port of Hodeidah so deliveries of essential food and medicines can resume. Part of our difficulty here is the Houthis are, or have become, under the tutelage here of their Iranian supporters. You know, they are a minority in Yemen, but Iran uses them to exploit divisions between Yemeni society. This is part of the complexity of this. The Houthis’ slogan is derived from Iran’s own antiU.S. slogans. Their slogan, if you listen to them on the broadcast, is: ‘‘Death to America, Death to Israel, Damn the Jews.’’ Now, they didn’t pick that up on their own. Part of the problem here is the leaders of the Houthi militia were indoctrinated in Qom, in Iran, as part of an Iranian attempt to construct a Hezbollahlike proxy in Yemen. They have done it. What we are trying to do is figure out a way to both convince them to reopen the port under the U.N. auspices here for these deliveries and convince the Saudis and the other members of this coalition that they should cooperate on this access as well. This is the attempt of this resolution. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this resolution, expressing the urgent need for a political solution in Yemen. As the civil war in Yemen continues well into its third year, the situation on the ground becomes more dire by the day. Despite multiple international attempts to broker a political agreement to end the human suffering, peace remains elusive. 
b1730 Meanwhile, alQaida in the Arabian Peninsula, also known as AQAP, has taken advantage of this power vacuum created by the conflict. This has allowed them to expand into the southern and eastern ports of Yemen, where they continue to plot external operations against the United States. Simultaneously—much like in Lebanon, Syria, and Iraq—Iran continues its campaign of influence in Yemen, where its actions have prolonged the conflict and exacerbated the political and humanitarian nightmare. As highlighted by Secretary Mattis, ‘‘everywhere you look, if there is trouble in the region, you find Iran.’’ This is not by coincidence. As Prime Minister Netanyahu emphasized to our congressional delegation on a recent trip to Israel, Iran has been working around the clock to solidify its presence across the region through the establishment of a land bridge from Iraq to Lebanon, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Shiite Crescent.’’ Despite a United Nations authorized arms embargo against the Houthi forces, Iran, on multiple occasions, has been caught attempting to smuggle weapons and munitions into the region. They have also provided technical assistance to the Houthis—and Saudi Arabia is often their main target. In order to protect the security interests of the Saudi people, the government in Riyadh has taken defense actions to both limit Iranian support to the Houthis, such as blockades, as well as offensive measures to stem attacks on the kingdom, such as the unsuccessful ballistic missile attack on the capital earlier this month. However, while Saudi Arabia has the right to prioritize its security, we cannot dismiss the effects of its actions on the grave humanitarian suffering on the ground, where more than 27 million face an unprecedented humanitarian crisis. As such, this resolution rightly highlights the need for a political solution to this conflict and condemns Iranian activities that undermine peace efforts. Furthermore, it calls on all parties of the conflict to take additional measures to prevent civilian casualties and increase muchneeded humanitarian access. Lastly, this resolution encourages the international community to join in providing the resources necessary to address this crisis. I commend all those involved. It is a real threat that I see as chairman of Homeland Security every day. I thank the chairman, and the gentleman on the other side of the aisle for bringing this important legislation to the floor. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), who has often been a voice for diplomacy on these issues. Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, the simple truth is America has no business involving itself in this Saudiled civil war in Yemen. That is why I introduced my amendment, which passed the House just last July, declaring that none of the funds in the National Defense Authorization Act will be used to deploy ground troops in Yemen. But the fact is that the United States is still financially supporting this Saudiled war, and that is simply wrong for three primary reasons: First, America’s support for this Saudiled war in Yemen is unauthorized. Congress never approved a declaration of war in Yemen. Nothing could be more clear in the Constitution of the United States as to who has responsibility for declaring wars. It is not the President. It is the Congress of the United States of America. Right now, we are still financially supporting a Saudi air war and blockade in Yemen—both, acts of war. It is time to put a stop to that. Second, we are supporting this Saudi led blockade that is causing horrific starvation, disease, and death in Yemen. This blockade has forced more than 7 million people in Yemen to the brink of starvation. It has sparked the world’s largest cholera crisis in recorded history, and more than 8,000 people in Yemen have been killed and nearly 50,000 injured in airstrikes and fighting on the ground. It is unconscionable for us to continue support for this war. And, finally, I can’t say enough, America is already involved in too many endless wars of choice in the Middle East. The President of the United States acknowledged that we have spent $6 trillion just on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and they have acknowledged that we have $2 trillion in expenses going forward taking care of the heroes who served our Nation— lost arms and legs and irreparable damage. That is $8 trillion. Think about it. For one of those trillion—just one of them—we could have eliminated student debt in America. Think about it. For another one of those trillion, there is our trillion for our infrastructure. Think about it. For another one of those trillion, we could have found a cure for cancer, diabetes, Alzheimer’s, or any one of a number of things. These endless wars of choice, where we have inadvertently been on virtually every side of the conflicts one time or another, are so costly in blood and in treasury. It is time to put a stop to spending these trillions on these wars and start reinvesting in America, reinvesting in the American people. Mr. Speaker, the bottom line: Congress must stand up and bring an end to American involvement in these costly wars and, now, in Yemen, where we have no authorization and we have no business being involved. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, H. Res. 599 urges a political solution to the war in Yemen, condemns Iranian efforts to fuel the deadly violence, and calls on all parties to the conflict to increase efforts to adopt all necessary and appropriate measures to prevent civilian casualties and to increase humanitarian accesses. Events of the past week demonstrate the urgency of resolving this perilous conflict. On Saturday, November 4, Iranianbacked Houthi rebels in Yemen fired an Iranianmade ballistic missile at Saudi Arabia’s capital. By Monday, Riyadh, in the midst of a massive palace shakeup, described the attack as an ‘‘act of war’’ by Iran and ordered all Yemen’s land, sea, and air ports of entry closed. Saudi Arabia said the port closures were necessary to prevent Iran from continuing to arm the Houthis, but the move also spelled dire consequences for Yemen’s civilian population, suffering under its third year of punishing wartime conditions. In a country where nearly 70 percent of the population needs some form of humanitarian or protection assistance, port closures have the distinct look of collective punishment. Although Saudi Arabia, this morning, announced it would begin lifting the restrictions, this dramatic sequence of events underscores the potential this war has on any given hour or day to explode into a regional confrontation and even greater humanitarian catastrophe. From the regional perspective, Yemen remains a critical foothold for Iranian influence on the southern flank of the Middle East. The conflict there allows the Iranian regime to cynically sow instability that redounds to its own benefit and that of other avowed enemies of the United States and our allies. Gaps in governance around the region have served as an entryway for Iranian influence, most notably in Syria and Iraq, where Iran and Hezbollah leveraged the emergence of ISIS and alQaida to extend their influence. Tehran is playing in a similar game in Yemen, where its campaign to undermine the country’s government has benefited Iranaligned Houthi militias; alQaida in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP; and Yemen’s ISIS affiliate. From the humanitarian perspective, Mr. Speaker, the ongoing costs of the war are absolutely catastrophic. In late September, the ICRC, International Committee of the Red Cross, warned that Yemen’s cholera outbreak is exploding. It is now at 750,000, and could reach 1 million by the end of this year. In July, the WHO called Yemen’s cholera outbreak the worst in the world. In March of last year, Mr. Speaker, I chaired a congressional hearing on ‘‘The Growing Threat of Cholera and Other Diseases in the Middle East.’’ At that time, we focused especially on the outbreak in Iran and Syria brought about by the collapse of the healthcare sectors and sanitation infrastructure. 
Today, that epidemic now is in Yemen, and it has overtaken even Iraq and Syria. I appreciate the resolution. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ), who is a constitutional law professor. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, what is unfolding in Yemen today is the largest humanitarian crisis in the world. The war in Yemen has already claimed more than 10,000 civilian lives, according to the U.N. With this gruesome death toll as a backdrop, the UN is now warning that Yemen is facing the largest famine that the world has seen in many decades. According to Matthew Nims, the acting director of USAID’s Food for Peace Program, who testified before Congress, famine is on the agenda now because the Saudiled military campaign in Yemen is ‘‘using hunger as a weapon of war.’’ Using hunger as a weapon of war, as a way to assault and destroy the civilian population, is completely in disregard of the laws of war. That weapon is proving to be brutally effective. More than 7 million Yemenis are food insecure tonight, which is a polite way of saying that they are on the brink of starving to death. As we speak, more than two out of three Yemenis have no idea where their next meal will come from. Meanwhile, the Saudiimposed military blockade against Yemen and the deliberate targeting in Yemen of water and sewage systems, along with hospitals and schools, have engendered, in that country, the largest civilian cholera crisis in recorded human history. More than 900,000 people are suffering from a massive outbreak of cholera, a bacterial disease that causes severe and painful diarrhea and dehydration, and which has already killed more than 2,000 women, men, and children. The U.S. must act to save the people of Yemen. We are implicated because we have been refueling Saudi and UAE bombers and offering weapons, intelligence, and logistical support to the Saudi military campaign, despite the fact that Congress has never declared war or authorized military operations there. We must do everything in our power to end the blockade on humanitarian assistance and to reopen the pipeline of critical supplies, food, water, and medicine to the Yemeni population. Congress has never authorized U.S. involvement in the Saudiled war. I could understand that happening in Saudi Arabia itself, where there is no constitution and where the oil monarchy governs according to Sharia law and promotes Wahhabist extremism all over the world, but this is America, and we have been enabling a brutal war which has driven millions of people to the point of starvation without any declaration of war or explicit legal authorization. The U.N. Humanitarian Coordinator now says this is the greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945, and hundreds of thousands or millions of people may die if the blockade is not lifted. While we celebrate Thanksgiving, mass starvation may have overtaken Yemen, yet the blockade is still very much in force. We must do everything in our power to speed humanitarian assistance to the civilian population, to work towards a diplomatic solution in Yemen, to stop the atrocities on all sides, and to bring real peace to the region. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY ), vice chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support H. Res. 599, seeking a political solution in Yemen and putting pressure on Iran to stop their nefarious activities there. I thank Chairman ROYCE and Mr. KHANNA for bringing this to the floor today. Like Hezbollah and Syria, these Houthi rebels are just another Iranian proxy, nurturing Iranian hegemonic ambitions in the region which continue to destabilize the Middle East and impede our efforts to reinforce the historic Sunni balance of power. A few thousand Houthis—a distinct minority—are trying to subjugate 27 million Yemenis. Iran supported the Houthis’ overthrow of the elected President. They continue to export weapons to Yemen, including rockets and ballistic missiles. Some of these things involve antiship weapons and sea mines, which could threaten our own U.S. Navy. Houthi rebels have directly attacked Saudi Arabia’s property, further escalating the tensions and bringing us to the brink of a broader conflict in the area. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this important resolution to the floor. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), the ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and I thank Mr. ENGEL for his leadership on this resolution. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. KHANNA  for his leadership. I think it is important that our new Members come here and really make a difference for these important events all around the world, so I thank him. b1745 Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure that shines a light on the carnage and suffering that has defined the conflict in Yemen. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Mr. KHANNA , who has shown real leadership on this issue. He understands the critical role Congress has to play in our foreign policy and why it is so important that this body take the time to talk about the civil war in Yemen and America’s involvement. The United States wields tremendous power, diplomatic, military, and developmental, and we have an obligation to debate how those tools are used. We have heard about Saudi and Iranian involvement in the civil war in Yemen. Sadly, Yemenis are caught in the crossfire. The devastation of Yemen’s infrastructure has led to 900,000 cholera cases. At least one Yemeni child dies every 10 minutes, on average, from malnutrition, diarrhea, or respiratory tract infections. Last week, the Saudis intercepted a missile targeting Riyadh. In response, the Saudiled coalition closed all Yemeni ports of entry. Since last week, no humanitarian assistance has been allowed to enter Yemen. Fuel shortages are limiting access for USAID partners at a time when more than 75 percent of Yemenis require some level of assistance, including 6.8 million people entirely reliant on food aid. The people of Yemen are facing a very dire situation. Let’s be clear, neither military action nor food aid will solve the conflict in Yemen. A political solution is essential for moving Yemen towards stability. That will require some compromise, an exit strategy for the Yemeni Government’s Gulf partners, and a real commitment by the international community to prevent Iranian weapons from getting into Yemen. So what does all this mean for America’s role? As this resolution notes, the United States provides midair refueling for the Saudiled coalition and participates in intelligence cooperation. Today’s debate reminds us that the United States is engaged with partners around the world under a range of authorities. Some of these activities are covered by a current Authorization for Use of Military Force—AUMF—some are not. In my view, we should have more clarity about the way we use American military might not just in Yemen, but around the world. After all, it is Congress’ responsibility to declare war or to limit a President’s authority to wage war when necessary. I have said for years that we should sunset the 2001 AUMF. We voted then to give the President authorization to go after the people and groups that attacked on 9/11. We never intended it to be a blank check. Today, we face new threats, threats unrelated to the terrorists who attacked my hometown, New York City, on September 11. We owe it to our men and women in uniform to have a thorough and honest debate before we send them into harm’s way, to stand in this body and say ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ before we ask them to put their lives on the line. This measure helps to move that debate forward. I am glad to support it, and I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. KHANNA for his leadership. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman 
b1831 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ) at 6 o’clock and 31 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 623. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, November 9, 2017. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : I have the honor to transmit herewith a scanned copy of a letter received from the Honorable Spencer J. Cox, Lieutenant Governor, the State of Utah, indicating that, according to the preliminary results of the Special Election held November 7, 2017, the Honorable John Curtis was elected Representative to Congress for the Third Congressional District of Utah. With best wishes, I am Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. Enclosure. STATE OF UTAH, OFFICE OF THE LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR , Salt Lake City, UT, November 9, 2017. Hon. KAREN L. H AAS, Clerk, House of Representatives, The Capitol, Washington, DC. DEARMS. HAAS: This is to advise you that the unofficial results of the Special Election held on Tuesday, November 7, 2017, for Representative in Congress from the Third Congressional District of Utah, show that John Curtis received 71,715 or 57.87% of the total number of votes cast for that office. It would appear from these unofficial results that John Curtis was elected as Representative in Congress from the Third Congressional District of Utah. To the best of our knowledge and belief at this time, there is no contest to this election. As soon as the official results are certified to this office by all counties involved, an official Certificate of Election will be prepared for transmittal as required by law. Sincerely, SPENCER J. C OX, Utah Lieutenant Governor. 
SWEARING IN OF THE HONORABLE JOHN R. CURTIS, OF UTAH, AS A MEMBER OF THE HOUSE Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Utah (Mr. Curtis) be permitted to take the oath of office today. His certificate of election has not arrived, but there is no contest and no question has been raised with regard to his election. The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? There was no objection. The SPEAKER. Will the Representativeelect and the members of the Utah delegation present themselves in the well. All Members will rise and the Representativeelect will please raise his right hand. Mr. CURTIS appeared at the bar of the House and took the oath of office, as follows: 
Do you solemnly swear that you will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that you will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that you take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that you will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which you are about to enter, so help you God. 
The SPEAKER. Congratulations, you are now a Member of the 115th Congress. 
WELCOMING THE HONORABLE JOHN CURTIS TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BISHOP of Utah. Mr. Speaker, I hope you realize you just swore in another vote for sage grouse. Utah, for too long, has been at 75 percent. We are now united at a full 100 percent, which means, Mr. AMODEI , be 
careful: we are going to reannex eastern Nevada. Mr. CURTIS comes here with a background of being mayor of Provo City, so he understands local government. He is going to be a fine addition to our body. I look forward to it. As he has taken the place of Jason Chaffetz, he is going to be in Mr. Chaffetz’s office. I just want you to know, as you are getting settled in and before you find your proper bed, I think I can get you a good deal on a used cot. I am pleased to yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS ), our new Representative. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Speaker, as a Member of Congress, I would like the very first part of my service to be to introduce my wife of 35 years, Sue Curtis. Sue has some political blood in her. You may be interested to know that her greatgrandmother was the first woman legislator in the State of Utah. It gets better. She won that office by defeating her husband. Sue and I are pleased to have six beautiful children, who are all here with us this evening. We are grateful for our six children and their spouses. Three of our 5
1⁄2grandchildren are here. My siblings and many good friends are here. I thank them for being here tonight with me. The second thing I would like to do is pause and thank the residents of Utah’s Third Congressional District for trusting me and sending me here to be with you. I am honored and humbled. Like your constituents, these good people love America. They have very high expectations of me and of us. I want to repledge my willingness and desire to serve them with all of my heart. I am excited to get to know each and every one of you, and I am looking forward to working with you. My brief introductions to some of you have been so positive. Everyone has been so extremely helpful. Thank you, and I look forward to working with each and every one of you. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate Paul Fogelberg from Orono, Minnesota, on receiving the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Disease’s RareVoice Abbey Award from the EveryLife Foundation. No one, Mr. Speaker, deserves this recognition more than Paul because of his tireless work on behalf of those suffering from pulmonary fibrosis, a disease that stiffens and scars the deep tissue in the lungs, making it increasingly difficult to breath until eventually you die. Every year, more than 14,000 people die from the disease, essentially the same number of people who die from breast cancer. Paul himself has pulmonary fibrosis and is a strong advocate for research, for awareness, and for more clinical trials to help those who have contracted this deadly disease. There is no known cure for pulmonary fibrosis, yet Paul is a fighter, a leader, and a great advocate who is doing all he can to find one. Congratulations again to Paul Fogelberg for being recognized as the EveryLife Foundation for Rare Disease’s RareVoice Abbey Award. f 
NATIONAL APPRENTICESHIP WEEK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co chair of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, I rise in recognition of National Apprenticeship Week. Apprenticeships, Mr. Speaker, provide valuable industrydriven job training for students of all ages, preparing them for careers in highskilled, high demand fields. They are a proven workforce development tool that is crucial to meeting the demands of skilled trades, healthcare, and IT businesses, among many others, all of which currently face a significant shortage of qualified workers. Now, this summer, the House passed the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act with strong bipartisan support, which promotes workbased learning as a key component of CTE programs. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle and on both sides of the Capitol tout the value of apprenticeships. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is so important that we back our words with action by passing the Strengthening CTE Act into law and providing robust funding for apprenticeship programs across the Nation. It is the right thing to do for our young people. It is the right thing to do for our workforce. It is the right thing to do for our Nation. 
RECOGNITION OF HANK YEAGLEY ON 20 YEARS OF SERVICE TO CPI (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hank Yeagley on 20 years of service to the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology. Hank began his service as chairperson of CPI’s Joint Operating Committee in December of 1997. Serving 20 consecutive years at the helm, he will retire next month. Friends and colleagues will gather this week to celebrate Hank’s years of dedication. Under Hank’s leadership, enrollment in CPI’s secondary career and technical education programs have grown significantly. CPI became an approved and accredited Associate in Specialized 
Technology degreegranting institution. CPI is recognized throughout Pennsylvania as a premier provider of postsecondary career and technical education programs. Scores of students in the Commonwealth have earned a career in technical education thanks to Hank’s vision to grow CPI into the institution it is today. Mr. Speaker, there has been no greater champion for CPI than Hank Yeagley for the past two decades, earning him the title of Mr. CPI among faculty, staff, administrators, as well as past and present students alike. I wholeheartedly congratulate Hank Yeagley on a well deserved retirement and wish him the best. 
DEFEAT THE TAX REFORM PLAN (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, the tax plan that has been proposed by the House Republican leadership fails to support working families while making them foot a $1.5 trillion bill. Nonpartisan research projects that this legislation would raise taxes on 38 million hardworking Americans. The impact would be far and wide as the tax plan would end deductions for seniors facing growing medical expenses, young adults working to shrink their student debt, and families paying State income and sales taxes. This legislation would also have enormously damaging economic consequences as it would leave our children to pay off its $1.5 trillion price tag. We need tax reform that puts working families first, but this clearly isn’t it. For the sake of our economy, seniors, students, and working families, as well as the middle class, we must defeat this bill. 
STUDENTS GAIN ESSENTIAL SKILLS IN A GLOBAL AND INTERCONNECTED MARKETPLACE (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to ask for my colleagues’ support for the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act, which I introduced along with my good friend, Congresswoman CHERI BUSTOS . As a former Florida certified teacher, I know that education is the key to unlocking longlasting and positive change in all of our communities. But in today’s interconnected world, students must gain foreign language skills and the ability to learn from other cultures. Study abroad programs are an excellent way to learn these essential skills. However, Mr. Speaker, the ability to study abroad remains just a dream for rural, minority, and firstgeneration college students. CHERI BUSTOS and I filed this bill to address this problem by establishing a competitive grant program that will allow universities to provide lowincome and other underrepresented undergraduates with the means to be able to study abroad. Mr. Speaker, the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act is a commonsense bill that will help our students gain essential skills and empower them to thrive in a global and interconnected marketplace, and I thank my friend, Congresswoman BUSTOS , for allowing me to enter this bill with her. 
HELP PREPARE OUR STUDENTS TO CHANGE THE WORLD (Mrs. BUSTOS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BUSTOS. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to introduce the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program Act with my colleague and my friend from across the aisle, Congresswoman ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . Paul Simon was a fiveterm Congressman and twoterm Senator from my home State of Illinois. Like me, he believed in bipartisan solutions. In fact, as a Democrat, Paul Simon served as Lieutenant Governor of Illinois under Republican Governor Richard Ogilvie—the only time in modern history that Illinois has elected a Governor and a Lieutenant Governor from different parties. Paul Simon believed in a government that helps people and encouraged Congress to work together to prepare the next generation with the knowledge required to succeed in an increasingly global world. Our bill would establish a competitive grant program and Paul Simon’s name to help do just that. The program would increase opportunities for college students to study abroad, especially students who don’t get to do so, like so many of the rural and community college students in my district. Paul Simon once said: Some of us still think we can change the world. I am proud to introduce a bipartisan bill with Congresswoman ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN to help prepare our students to change the world. 
b1930 RECOGNIZING WINFIELD SCOTT ‘‘BUD’’ JONES (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Winfield Scott Jones, affectionately known as Bud, a respected constituent of the 22nd Congressional District, who dedicated his life to improving our community. After graduating from Syracuse University in 1963, Bud Jones worked as a physical education teacher at Pulaski High School for 33 years. During his tenure, Bud also served as the track and field coach and the basketball coach. Bud was named New York State Coach of the Year and was inducted into the Central New York High School Basketball Hall of Fame. Bud Jones was a shining example of the tremendous impact that one individual can have on an entire community. He was a gracious leader and a positive influence on the young men and women he taught and coached, always motivating them to strive for excellence. Winfield Scott Jones, affectionately known by all of us as Bud, passed away peacefully on November 4, 2017. It is with sadness that we mourn his passing, and we extend our condolences to his beloved family. We know that his spirit will live on in all those who had the privilege of knowing him. Our community is forever grateful for his service and profound impact on all of us. f 
AMERICAN EDUCATION WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, this week is American Education Week, a time to celebrate our public education system. The public education system is one of this Nation’s greatest accomplishments. In classrooms from Newark, New Jersey, to Nome, Alaska, public schools train a new generation of world leaders, bridge builders, first responders, artists, doctors, plumbers, and CEOs. Children in this country—all of them—have a right to a highquality education. It is a sad state of affairs that we have a U.S. Secretary of Education who continues to tilt the board against children whose way up is through public education. During American Education Week, I call on my colleagues to stop using public schools as a political bargaining chip. Let’s put public schools back together and back to work for the next generation of leaders. 
TAX BILL (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, many times, the American people wonder about the correlation between the work that we do here. As a member of the Budget Committee, I can tell them that the tax bill that is about to move through this House—the Republican Trump tax bill—will bring about $1.41 trillion in revenue decreases in discretionary spending, which means cuts in their Medicare and Medicaid. 
Why do they want to do this? They want to do this so that they can compound the injury to those who need a mortgage deduction, which will be eliminated for any home that you buy in the future. If you have medical expenses, that will be eliminated. You will not be able to deduct that, whether you are a young family with a catastrophic illness or a senior citizen. Then those of you who are trying to increase your opportunities for the future—help your children—you will not be able to deduct student loan interest, tuition, and other education expenses. Elections matter, but actions matter. This tax bill is a crippling, devastating bill, and it will create the complete opposite of what Republicans say they believe in—a huge deficit, with a huge debt, on the backs of the American people. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this tax bill. 
TAX REFORM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to coanchor this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. I also want to take the time to acknowledge our chair, the Honorable CEDRIC RICHMOND from the State of Louisiana. For the next hour, we have a chance to speak directly to the American people on issues that are important to the Congressional Black Caucus. The issue right now that seems to be of the most importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the constituents that we represent, and the American public, for that matter, is tax reform, and the plan that is being considered that the Speaker has indicated that he would like for us to vote on this week. We have a few Members here who would like to take the time to also express their interest in this. This is a very big deal, obviously. We don’t do tax reform that often. The last time we did tax reform was in the early 1980s, and that was, obviously, something that was very bipartisan. This experience has not been bipartisan whatsoever, and we are concerned also about the effect that it is going to have on our constituencies. Mr. Speaker, I am going to open it up for Members to talk about whatever it is that they would like to, but I did want to let you know that the main topic was going to be tax reform. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative PAYNE for his participation again and for always participating in the CBC Special Order hours. We know that these are very important. Our constituencies, again, want to hear how we stand on these issues. They are getting a lot of press right now. So I thank the gentleman very much for being here this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PAYNE ), my friend and colleague. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman VEASEY for hosting tonight’s Special Order hour. Mr. Speaker, we are here, as the gentleman from Texas has stated, to discuss many different issues that face the American people. H.R. 1, which is interesting that it holds that number, because based on what we see, that tax cut will only work for the top 1 percent, so we feel that it is appropriate that it was designated H.R. 1. Mr. Speaker, this tax bill, cut tax scam will devastate over a period of time the working class, people trying to move into the middle class, and middle class families. Eventually, some people might see a bit of a cut, but for most people, there will be an increase. I do not understand why we continue to think that trickledown economics is going to work in this country. It has failed time and time again. To give breaks to the most wealthy, somehow we feel that that is going to overflow and trickle and drip down to the middle class. Sometimes a drip is very slow. We continue to wait for this economic equation to work one time in the country’s history because, up to this point, it has not worked. Why would we not allow families to continue to deduct their interest on student loans? Why? Most of these families are fighting to get their children into college and have to take out loans. What is it about the country that we need to tax those people? Tell me why it is that they cannot deduct this interest. Two of my sisters are teachers, both in education—one in alternative high school work and one a kindergarten teacher for 25 or 30 years. In kindergarten, you are looking to help a youngster become creative, find their gift. On many occasions, with the school not being able to supply things, they would go to the educational stores and buy flashcards and buy other items to enhance the children’s education, out of their pockets, out of their personal moneys. Now you are going to say that they cannot deduct those expenses that they are using to educate our children, our next leaders? Why? Yet, if you go from a 75foot yacht to a 100foot yacht, you are allowed to deduct the difference. Why? It absolutely makes no sense what we are doing with H.R. 1. It is a billionaire’s tax scam, and we need to make sure the American people understand that. Secretary Mnuchin was on the talk shows on Sunday. He said: Well, we can’t promise everybody is going to get a tax break. So they are even, finally, being honest about it. Mr. Speaker, everybody might not benefit from this tax cut, but all of the people that they are interested in will benefit from this tax cut. We need to be honest with the American people. We need true tax reform. My colleagues on this side of the aisle are ready to do that, but the majority continues to stifle any bipartisanship that we can have on this issue. We need to move forward in a positive way for the American people. We need to come together in this body to help the American people. We do not need another tax cut for the rich. In New Jersey—a State that only gets 77 cents back on the money that it pays to the Federal Government—for every dollar, we get 77 cents back in services. So we are subsidizing other States. b1945 I heard today that West Virginia, for every dollar it sends, gets over $4 back. Not to allow New Jersey’s citizens and other subsidizing States—Connecticut, Maryland, New York—to have the tax break on State and local exemptions is almost like double taxing people. I just am here to say that this is an issue that is very important to the American people. They do need relief and they do need help, but we need to do it in a bipartisan manner that makes sense for the entire country— not just the top 1 percent, but the entire Nation. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. VEASEY for his leadership on these Special Order hours. He has demonstrated a gift in bringing issues to the American people and to the country in a manner that is very eventempered. Some of us get a little excited, but Mr. VEASEY seems to be able to keep his composure and still be strong in his message, and I applaud him for that. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Representative PAYNE very much for speaking this evening on the importance of this tax bill and that we debate this and really, again, just keep or constituents informed. Mr. PAYNE  takes every one seriously, and I know he has tried to participate in as many of these as he can, and I thank him for that—again, the importance of talking about this tax bill, talking about the Republicans’ past attempts at failed trickledown policies and trying to bring those same policies and put them in this tax reform bill and trying to rush us into a floor vote this week. We should all be working together to try to come up with some sort of bipartisan solution, some sort of bipartisan policy position that will be good for everyone, because I can tell you, Mr. 
Speaker, that for many of the lowincome and working class and lower middle class constituents and middle class constituents in the district that I represent, I know that people are going to be hurt. Mr. Speaker, I know Mr. PAYNE is concerned about that. I know the 49 members of the Congressional Black Caucus are concerned about that. This is very serious, and it could have very longlasting implications, as has been pointed out by advocacy groups and others from all sides of the political spectrum. It is not just Democrats or the Progressive community that is concerned about this. There are a lot of people who are concerned about a variety of the different programs here that are going to be affected. Mr. Speaker, again, I appreciate everything that Mr. PAYNE brings to this, particularly with him representing New Jersey, because we know that, for that particular part of the country, housing and other goods can sometimes be even more expensive, and it can be a very tough hardship on families. When you add this tax bill to the fold, it makes it even more daunting. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, we have the highest property taxes in the country, and it is really an effort for families to stay in their homes and pay those property taxes. Any relief they can have along the way helps their quality of life in this country, and that is what we are here striving for, to make sure that everyone can benefit and enjoy the fruits of this country. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, we want to make sure the American Dream doesn’t become the American nightmare while people are trying to figure out how they are going to make their house payment and pay for their house. Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for the time. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. PAYNE very much for his remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to my colleague from the city of Houston, Harris County, our country’s fourth largest city, SHEILA JACKSON LEE. I thank Representative JACKSON LEEfor always participating in these Special Order hours. Mr. Speaker, I know that, in particular, the gentlewoman’s concern is Houston, being such a large part of our State, a large part of our Nation’s capital economy, and the effects of this tax bill. When you start talking about something affecting Houston, with it being the fourth largest city, it can have very consequential effects on our entire State, because their economy is such a big part of what makes Texas go. Mr. Speaker, I again thank the gentlewoman for being a part of this. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership, his stewardship of these very special ways of communicating to the American people. I just left a meeting on temporary protected status, so I will try to summarize my remarks, because I think it is very important to join in the Congressional Black Caucus Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman, Mr. RICHMOND , and my colleague Mr. PAYNE and my colleague Mr. EVANS , who will join us in that effort, because this is a way to communicate with our colleagues of the urgency of some of these issues. So let me first of all take a moment that really gives me great consternation, great concern, and that is that, as I said in my remarks, while the President was out of the country, that I will always wish him safe travels and safe return, but you have to think about how we have turned the corner on the dignity of the Presidency when you have to monitor the tweets or the words that are being said by that Office when they are out of the country. There is one point I have to make, because I am a product of the Voting Rights Act of 1965. Barbara Jordan was able to be the first African American from Texas, since Reconstruction, elected to the United States Congress, along with Andy Young from Georgia, after the Voting Rights Act. Mr. Speaker, there was nothing untoward. It was just simply allowing one person one vote. Heretofore, in the Deep South and in the Southwest, African Americans were denied the right to vote by suppression, poll tax, and a number of tactics; but the Voting Rights Act eliminated or prevented, had to have preclearance, any discriminatory factor that could be raised that would keep minorities from voting, that one vote, one person. It pains me to read the headlines: ‘‘Trump Says He Believes Putin’s Election Meddling Denials.’’ I believe that it is important for people of goodwill, for Members of the United States Congress, to denounce these comments and to ask for the dignity of this Office to really put Americans first and put this Nation first, because that is not what is being done. All of the intelligence agencies, 17 plus, have indicated that not only did they influence, they intruded, they skewed the election. They didn’t just meddle. You cannot ask a former KGB officer to tell you that he didn’t meddle in our elections. Elections matter. This is no comment on who won or lost. This is a comment on reality. The elections were skewed to one person, and it was confirmed by the intelligence agencies, and it is time for the highest Office to speak on behalf of the American people. That brings me right to the Trump tax cuts, the Republican tax cuts. I spoke earlier during 1 minutes to try and correlate between tax cuts and the needs of the American people. These major tax cuts will offer more benefits to corporations, which, by the way, are having their biggest season of profits that we have ever had. They are succeeding beyond imagination. They have not only stock prices going up, but the profits that they are able to stock away are going up. Take that in the backdrop of this tax bill, having to cut and violate the Medicare trust fund and Medicaid in order to find the dollars to be able to give the top 1 percent the greatest tax cut and to give corporations a 20 percent tax cut in the United States and a 12 percent tax cut overseas, which, in addition to giving them that money on the corporate rates, which is a reasonable thing to discuss, but by the inequity of the lower amount being overseas, you can imagine that jobs are still going to leave and go overseas. This is a tax cut that is made for the basket, if you will, of goodies for the top 1 percent. This is not worrying about working Americans. Let me put into the RECORD what you will lose. You will lose the mortgage interest. You will lose the fairness of the child tax credit. You will lose the student loan interest, tuition, and other education expenses; personal casualty losses; tax preparation costs; medical expenses; alimony payments; moving expenses— which will impact victims of Hurricane Harvey, my constituents in Kashmere Gardens, northeast Houston, Third Ward, Acres Home, the Heights, Jacinto City, places where individuals have been impacted; this moving expense, elimination of that as a deduction, will impact individuals who are trying to restore their lives—and employee business expenses. This bill will hurt the average working American. It is a frightening bill. I would almost like to say it is a bill made near purgatory on the way to you know where. This is a disgusting attack on hardworking Americans. I want to also put in the RECORD my concern about extending the temporary protected status for Haitians as well as El Salvadorans and a number of other countries that are facing the 6month deadline that seems to be what has come out of the administration. All of these countries have devastation, and all of these countries are deserving, if you will, of an extension for the people who are here because they are, in fact, suffering still. Haiti is suffering still from the earthquake. El Salvador is suffering. I want to mention one of my constituents, Jose, and his wife, who were deported during the horror and the hysteria of the announcement from the administration of: I am going to be hard on deportation. A hardworking family man, a manager of a paint store, was deported out of this country back to El Salvador where there is no work, there is no opportunity, and they are still suffering from the devastation of years past. This is what we are in the midst of. Let me, finally, express, as I indicated, my concerns about extending the temporary protected status certainly for Haitians and others. We are working on that as we speak. Then let me come back to Hurricane Harvey. There are about 50,000 people in the hotels. We are still in need. 
of raising taxes on hardworking middle class families to pay for tax cuts for the rich. It is reckless to explode our deficit which according to the Tax Policy Center, would skyrocket by $2.4 trillion over the first decade. The wealthy must pay their fair share, but the GOP tax scheme offers them a free lunch at the expense of those who are most in need of a helping hand. The power of the purse rests with the House of Representatives and it is our job to make sure that the American People are treated fairly. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the House Committees on the Judiciary and Homeland Security Committee, I also rise today to express my strong objection to the announced intention by the Trump Administration not to extend Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haiti, Honduras, and El Salvador. On May 24, 2017, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) redesignated Haiti for 6 months of Temporary Protected Status (TPS), rather than the full 18 months requested by the Government of Haiti, Haiti experts in the United States, and the Congressional Black Caucus, among others. DHS’ decision did not reflect the realities on the ground in Haiti, which include Haiti’s food scarcity crisis, cholera epidemic, and the ongoing challenges posed by the unprecedented 2010 earthquake. 
In a letter sent on November 3, 2017, the Congressional Black Caucus urged DHS, once again, to fully extend Haiti’s TPS designation for 18 months by the November 23, 2017 deadline in light of the aforementioned conditions in Haiti, as well as the exarcerbated damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. In a report published in October 2017, the highly regarded Global Justice Clinic concluded that conditions justifying Haiti’s qualification for TPS in 2011 remain as acute today as they were then. The study also found that 40,000 Haitians uprooted by the 2010 earthquake are officially displaced and that many more likely remain unofficially displaced in dangerously inadequate shelters. The cholera epidemic that was tragically caused by international efforts to aid Haiti in 2010 more than doubled following Hurricane Matthew and is expected to directly affect more than 30,000 people by the end of 2017. Hurricane Matthew also exacerbated the food insecurity crisis in Haiti, placing 2.4 million Haitians—22 percent of its population—in the grips of an acute food insecurity crisis. The Haitian government has been working diligently for years to improve its economy, public health conditions, and infrastructure in coordination with the United States government and international community. In order to accomplish this task, Haiti relies in large part on remittances that its citizens receive from TPS beneficiaries in the United States. Therefore, the negative consequences of terminating Haiti’s TPS designation would be twofold. It would end essential remittances that significantly contribute to Haiti’s recovery while also forcing the poorest republic in the Western Hemisphere to absorb the cost of reintegrating thousands of citizens all at once. Such actions could be catastrophic to Haiti’s recovery efforts and run counter to Congressional efforts to improve American relations in the region through the recentlypassed United StatesCaribbean Strategic Engagement Act (Public Law 114–291). Finally, it is essential to note that Haitian TPS beneficiaries directly contribute to the United States. They pay taxes, spend money, contribute to Social Security and Medicare, and help promote American prosperity in numerous sectors, such as the restaurant and food service, construction, and hospitality industries. About 30 percent of TPS beneficiaries are homeowners, stimulating the real estate industry and contributing to the local property tax base. Also, one in nine TPS beneficiaries in the labor force is selfemployed, meaning they not only create jobs for themselves, but also create jobs for others. A recent report found that the expiration of Haitian TPS would cost the United States economy more $2.8 billion over a decade in lost gross domestic product. Mr. Speaker, we need to be both smart and compassionate when it comes to extending TPS for Haiti. The compassionate thing to do is extend TPS for Haiti. But just as important, extending TPS for Haiti is the smart thing to do because it strengthens the American economy and advances the national interests of the United States. Mr. Speaker, here are the top reasons why temporary protect status (TPS) for Haiti should not be revoked: 1) Trump Administration Actions: The DHS termination of TPS decision threatens families and key industries in the United States and threatens the stability of nations in our region. On November, 2017, the Washington Post reported that the State Department irresponsibly recommended that Temporary Protected Status (TPS) be revoked for over 300,000 Honduran, Nicaraguan, Haitian and Salvadorans living and working in the United States. This is paving the way for the mass deportation of over 300,000 individuals who are legally in the US—many of whom have children who are US citizens. It was an inhumane, foolish and terrible decision to make, given TPS holders’ contributions to our economy including critical hurricane recovery efforts, to say nothing of the national security and humanitarian implications of kicking these individuals out. That’s why everyone from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, to national security experts, to Catholic bishops has expressed strong support for extending this vital program. These nations are in no condition to receive 300,000 returnees. In Haiti, forcing the return of 50,000 people would disrupt the fragile recovery, exacerbate the food, housing, and public health crises, and potentially destabilize the new government. In El Salvador and Honduras, the return of over 250,000 people would strain government services and lead to job displacement in countries besieged by violence, narcotics trafficking and weak institutions. The revocation of TPS will further destabilize fragile countries in our neighborhood. With remittances making up more than 15% of the GDP of TPSdesignated countries, the sudden loss will put an added strain on the U.S. foreign aid budget while families who have long relied on this source of income will have no other option than to attempt to come to the U.S. as undocumented workers. That’s why Congress must act without delay to pass CHCendorsed bill by Rep. NYDIA VELA´ZQUEZ —the American Promise Act— would ensure individuals who have resided in the U.S. under these programs for a period of three years can remain in the country and pursue a path to naturalization. 2) TPS Revocation Is Not in America’s National Interest: Americans with Temporary Protected Status (TPS) are hardworking individuals who are contributing to our economy, our communities and our industries. TPS recipients have passed numerous criminal background checks and have often been living in the U.S. for over a decade. With more than 300,000 TPS beneficiaries expecting a Trump Administration decision on their fate, and some 800,000 DACA beneficiaries depending on Congressional action to shape their futures, we are entering a stretch of time that will be of huge consequence to 1.1 million immigrants who are deeply rooted and legally present in America. Regardless of how you might feel about the policy, TPS holders from these countries have been in legal limbo for at least 16 years. They are perhaps the most vetted, legally present, and work authorized community in our country. They have submitted to numerous criminal background checks, once every 18 months. Life has gone on for these folks—they have families here, are contributing to our economy, and our communities. There are an estimated that 273,000 U.S. born children in the country have parents with TPS. Economic, legal, and policy experts have highlighted the disastrous economic impacts of revoking Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for hundreds of thousands of Americans, as countryspecific deadlines loom. 3) Positive Economic Impacts of TPS Approximately 250,000 TPS recipients are currently employed—approximately 94% of men and 82% of women. The average TPS recipient works between 40–45 hours per week. Given the length of time on the job, many of these workers are senior, specialized and not easily replaceable such as construction site supervisors and nursing home professionals. The five leading industries that would face mass layoffs are construction (50,000+), restaurants and other food services (32,000+), landscaping services (15,000+), child day care services (10,000) and grocery stores (9,000+). The mass layoffs of 250,000 TPS recipients would cost employers approximately $967 million in immediate turnover costs. The revocation of TPS status would cost the U.S. an estimated $164 billion in Gross Domestic Product. Revocation of TPS status would result in a loss of $6.9 billion in Social Security and Medicare payments over a decade. Given that 30% of TPS recipients are homeowners, the consequences of simultaneously dumping 60,000 mortgages could disrupt housing markets across the country including Texas (13,000 mortgages), Florida (5,000+ mortgages) and Virginia (4,100 mortgages). Mass deportations of TPS recipients would cost taxpayers more than $3 billion dollars. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague, my fellow Texan, for her eloquence in laying out the issues with the Republican tax plan. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. E VANS ), my friend and colleague, for being here. I thank the gentleman for always offering his insight on these matters. I know that, in addition, just like the gentlewoman from Texas, that he is open to a broad array of topics. I appreciate any insight the gentleman wants to give us on tax reform or any of the other issues that the American public wants to hear from their congressional representatives on this day. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. EVANS ). Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from the great State of Texas. He has consistently done a very great job in leading these efforts for the Congressional Black Caucus, as well as our chairman, CEDRIC RICHMOND . Mr. Speaker, this is an interesting time that we are in, obviously, in the country, and it is a rather challenging time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to let 
you know, last year this time, on November 14, 2016, I was sworn in. So I have been here for 1 year, Mr. Speaker. In that 1 year, when I stood in this well of this House, I talked about the importance of putting country first and moving America forward. I said at that particular time that I thought it was extremely important that we work together, and all my colleagues, at that time, from Pennsylvania, stood with me, Democrats and Republicans alike. I talked in this well of the House on November 14, 2016, about the need to concentrate on the people first; that I thought it was extremely essential that we understood that we should talk about the issues that are most important to people and not what is important to us; that we now are in a governance mode, not a political mode. There will be time to have discussions about political next year, but this particular time we need to put people first. Mr. Speaker, our country has not seen bipartisan tax reform since 1986, and that was when President Reagan was President of the United States, and Speaker Tip O’Neill was Speaker of this House. I think it is safe to say, the U.S. Tax Code is in need of major facelifting. But let me make it very clear when I say the way the Republican Party and the Trump administration are going about tax reform is all wrong. One of my main priorities in Congress is to help keep moving the city of Philadelphia forward. The Republican tax bill impedes our ability to move our city forward. At a time when older cities and suburbs are pressed for funding, this destructive tax plan is yet another way the Republican Party is taking resources from our cities. What do I mean by this? On Friday past, Mr. Speaker, I joined with the mayor of the city of Philadelphia, Mayor Jim Kenney; the city council president, Darrell Clarke; Congressman BOBBRADY ; and HELP USA to hold a press conference to call attention to how our neighborhoods would be hard hit by this Republican tax plan. We stood in front of what used to be a school building in Philadelphia, but has now been transformed into a supportive housing facility that will soon house 37 veterans and individuals aged 55 and older. It is these kinds of investments and transformations that will move our neighborhoods forward that are at stake under the GOP tax plan. We have a lot to lose under the Republican tax plan. Mr. Speaker, you may recall that the President, at that time, Candidate Trump, went to the city of Philadelphia and asked, specifically targeted to the AfricanAmerican community: ‘‘What do you have to lose?’’ That is what he said. He talked about the schools. He talked about the neighborhoods. He talked about all of the challenges that we face in urban America and, particularly, to the AfricanAmerican community. So, Mr. President, we have a lot to lose under the Republican tax plan. The repeal of private activity bonds would be devastating for hospitals—I have a number of hospitals in my district. Temple University, Einstein, Lankenau, University of Penn, Saint Joseph’s University—universities, and other nonprofit institutions in Philadelphia and Montgomery County who depend on these bonds and rely on publicprivate partnerships to address critical infrastructure needs, finance valued projects, and ensure affordable housing. The list of harmful provisions in this baitandswitch tax bill goes on and on. I just received a letter from Chairwoman Val Arkoosh and Vice Chair Ken Lawrence of the Montgomery County Board of Commissioners. They wrote to me to tell me how residents in Montgomery County are alarmed by what is happening in this tax bill. They are extremely concerned about the fate of the State and local tax deductions. Without SALT, taxpayers are going to be feel an extreme tax hike. They are extremely concerned about the fate of the State and local tax deductions because this will have an extreme impact on local government. That is just not right, Mr. Speaker. Just the other day, I spoke with local labor leaders who expressed their great concerns on this tax scam. Mr. Speaker, that is true, it is a tax scam. It is something where jobs will continue to go overseas, not to our communities. In a district that has 27 percent poverty in the Second Congressional District, I am truly concerned about the loss of jobs. They are incredibly fearful of what this plan means to the lives of hardworking families across our Commonwealth. They know it is going to be too many of their families who are going to be among those hit the hardest. Mr. Speaker, remember what I said when I got elected and sworn in. I said that we need to put people first. This tax scam does not put people first. These are the stories, fears, and concerns of real people in our neighborhood. These are the people we should be concerned with. These are the people on the front line; people who have serious questions about the intentions of this tax plan. What is the Republicans’ response? To push it through for a win. Let me repeat that. To push it through for a win. That is wrong and unacceptable. We are in the business of building a stronger tomorrow for our students, our seniors, our veterans, hardworking families, and all who call our neighborhoods home. Instead of taking away more resources from our cities and suburbs, we should be looking for ways to build, invest, and enhance the existing infrastructure our cities have to offer to make them what they are, to attract prospective home buyers and current homeowners. Let me repeat that. We should be looking for making ways more attractive to prospective home buyers and current homeowners. Mr. Speaker, we have a real opportunity here to make a difference. Again, I am happy to be a part of the Congressional Black Caucus under Chairman RICHMOND ’s leadership, as well as Mr. VEASEY , in leading this effort because this is the kind of effort that we have to raise the consciousness and convince people they must resist. We must resist, no matter what they say the numbers are, and keep our voices loud so that they can hear that we are not accepting what is taking place here. Mr. Speaker, I stand here with my colleagues expressing the concern and the outrage that I have about this tax scam. This is not about the people. This is about the interest groups. We have a chance to make a change, Mr. Speaker, and we need to work together. I said almost 1 year ago on this day, in this well of this House, that the only way we can move America forward is when we work together. I don’t say that just to be saying it. I say it because that is what I did when I was in the Pennsylvania Legislature, working together to make a difference. That is the only way we are going to move the needle, when people work together. Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for laying out those concerns about the tax plan, and he did so very eloquently. I always appreciate the gentleman’s participation. Kind of building on what the gentleman talked about, I just want to give the American public out there and the constituents that we represent in the Congressional Black Caucus just a quick outline of who exactly this plan will hurt. I am very concerned about this terrible tax plan because it is going to cut rates for the highest 1 percent of earners and corporations, while increasing the tax burden on lower and middle class families, while the Republicans are falsely going around claiming that they are going to be helping these individuals and these families. That is just not the case. That is not the case at all. For example, let me give you one area that has been touched upon that I am concerned about, and that is State and local taxes. You won’t be eligible any longer for the deduction, which means many individuals end up paying twice the amount of taxes on the same income. The elimination of deductions for student loan payments: we have talked extensively on this House floor, on the Democratic side, about what students loans are doing to this country and the costs of a higher education. We know that a lot of people seek out higher education just because of the benefits that it can yield incomewise, and everybody is, again, always trying to see 
how they are going to live that American Dream. They want to be able to pay their taxes, pay their car payment, pay their house note, whatever it may happened to be. When you look at the fact that people won’t be able to write off their student loans to help pay for their education anymore, that is really going to hurt and probably convince a lot of young people that they just shouldn’t seek out higher education. b2015 We want young people to seek out a higher education. I mean, even the bluecollar jobs out there we know are becoming harder and harder to keep and maintain, and they require some form of education. Even going to community college for a couple years after they graduate from high school almost seems to be something that they have to do. The Center for American Progress found that 78 percent of Black students, in comparison to 57 percent of White students, took out Federal loans for their undergraduate studies. And again, just not being able to write those off means that dream that everyone has, regardless of race, being able to buy their first home, the American Dream, they are going to have to put that off because they can no longer pay off these very costly student loan interest payments. These tax deduction eliminations are going to be very troubling for so many people in the community in light of the fight just to build generational wealth. Again, these trickledown tactics, we have been talking about trickledown economics now for a very long time, but some of these trickledown tactics are proving not to work, and it is disheartening to see the finish line just being moved again and again, just over and over again. Every time people seem like they are doing better, just to see that finish line moved once again and making it just hard on these families that I talked about earlier that fall in those lower middle class, working class, middle class tax brackets. You are talking about, when you look at this really closely, the restructuring of these tax brackets under the Republican plan would make it so that the lowest income earners’ tax rates are going to increase from 10 to 12 percent, the lowest earners out there. Some of the poorest amongst us will have their tax burden increased, and it will make it so much more difficult for them to climb that economic ladder of opportunity. It is already hard to climb that ladder of opportunity. Just think about it for just a minute, if you have two kids and you have a 10 percent tax burden, and you are making a small amount of money a year but you are out there working hard every day. You are trying to get overtime. You are punching the clock as much as you possibly can. You are having Grandma watch the kids just so you can pull that extra shift to get those hours in, but you are a single mom and you are just really out there just busting it each and every day, week after week, and you still don’t have any money in the bank. You are still having a hard time making ends meet. You are still getting rent notices put on the door once a month. It is just so tough, and just to know that we are not really going to be doing anything at all in this body. The Republicans aren’t going to be doing anything to help these individuals be able to climb out of that hole and just be able to see the light. Just knowing that that mom and those kids are going to probably struggle under this tax plan until the kids leave the house, it is just really disheartening. In addition to that, even the tax provisions that are aimed at helping working families are actually reserved, again, for just the wealthiest few in the community. White House Republicans highlight their expansion of the child tax credit. Many of the lowest income parents who are in need of assistance will only be eligible to receive a partial amount of the tax credit, if any of the expansion at all. According to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, the GOP child tax credit keeps the lowest income workers from benefiting from the expansion of the credit, despite numerous studies finding that the child tax credits benefit children by improving school performance, higher college enrollment, and increasing earnings in adulthood. Further, this tax plan refuses to take the interests of AfricanAmerican communities as a whole into consideration, ensuring those who are striving to reach the American Dream will simply fall short. Again, there is just so much in this bill that is going to be tough. You are talking about repealing the estate tax. There are so many people whom I have heard—Rockefellers, Buffetts, Bill Gates, and others—who are saying that they are fine paying that, that they are absolutely okay with paying that. You think about what we are going to take away from people so they don’t have to pay that estate tax. I mean, it is just amazing. You have heard so many of my colleagues talk about it earlier here, but when you start talking about the local and State tax deductions, when you start talking about the student loan deductions that people really count on, when you start talking about child tax credits, when you start talking about new market tax credits, so many programs and so many things out there that are really helping individuals, helping our economy, and we want to give it back so a few wealthy people don’t have to pay estate taxes? I mean, it is just really sad, Mr. Speaker, when you think about that. One of the things that I think that we ought to do, instead of giving ultrarich people a pass on paying a billion dollars that they can pass down to heirs, is that we ought to start thinking about doing something to help grandparents who are raising grandchildren. I will never forget, when I was in the State legislature, I had a principal come up to me on the house floor, and I was showing the kids—I believe it was on the senate floor. We had walked to the other side. And there is a picture of the Battle of San Jacinto that hangs there in Austin at the capitol, and I was showing the schoolchildren, and the principal pulled me aside and she said: I want to thank you for talking about grandparents who are raising grandchildren. She said: Over 50 percent of the kids at the elementary school where I am principal are raised by someone other than their parent, and 99 percent of the time it is the grandparent. Instead of giving superrich people, ultrarich people a pass on paying the inheritance tax, why don’t we give grandparents who serve as primary caregivers for their grandchildren out there a $500 refundable tax credit? That would help out so much, because you have to think about what these grandparents are facing. They didn’t think that their Social Security check or their pension check was going to have to be used to help pay for school supplies, help pay for school clothes, help pay for backpacks, help pay for school uniforms, help pay for kids’ haircuts, prom dresses. The grandparents of America out there are really balancing a lot now, more than any other generation of grandparents have. We could take the money that we are going to give away to the Bill Gateses and the Warren Buffetts and the Rockefellers and other folks like that, and we could give it to these grandparents, grandparents who represent people from every congressional district in this country. Oftentimes, you start talking about grandparents who are raising grandchildren, there has been some kind of issue with drugs or alcohol in the kids’ parents’ life or some other reason why the parents can’t take care of the kids. We know that that is true, particularly with the issues that we have had with the opioid crisis. We know that this is an area that is growing in all congressional districts, all races, all backgrounds. Again, why not give our grandparents out there that are buying backpacks with their Social Security check, why not give them a $500 refundable tax credit to help them make ends meet? If we were to do that, these grandparents would be able to have a little bit more money to buy healthier foods instead of buying processed foods. They could buy fruits, vegetables, other things like that that could really go a long way in just helping them maintain their household. That is what I am eager to do. I want to sit down with colleagues and come up with something that is fair. I think 
that everybody here that I have talked to has said that they want to work in a bipartisan manner to be able to pass a tax reform bill that is fair, that is done under regular order, that is done with transparency and done in the light, but the way that this is happening, it is just not right. We know, again, that these trickle down economics just simply do not work, and we need to start all over. We need to head back to the drawing board and sit down as Democrats and Republicans like they did back in the eighties when Reagan was President and Tip O’Neill was Speaker and work out some of these issues that the American public has. We know that people are very anxious about some of the things that they have been hearing about this tax reform bill, people from all congressional districts and, again, all backgrounds. We in the Congressional Black Caucus, we are concerned about the impact that this is going to have in the AfricanAmerican communities around this country—and all of the communities, quite frankly, Mr. Speaker. Again, let’s just sit down at the drawing board, talk about some of these things, and come up with something that is fair that the American public can feel good about, knowing that Members of Congress, that they are not trying to gain advantage over one another, that we are trying to come up with a fair way how to reform our Tax Code, keep our businesses here, and keep a little bit more money in people’s pockets at the end of the week or the end of the month, whenever they get paid, so they can take care of their families and buy a home, take care of their grandkids, do whatever it is they need to do in order to make ends meet. Mr. Speaker, thank you very much for this evening, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2874, 21ST CENTURY FLOOD REFORM ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 2810, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (during the Special Order of Mr. VEASEY ), from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–408) on the resolution (H. Res. 616) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private markets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, and which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. f 
REFORMING OUR TAX CODE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN) for 30 minutes. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be here once again and follow up on the gentleman from Texas and his remarks that I think hit the nail on the head with regard to what working class families out in the heartland, in the Deep South are facing every single day. I think it is important that every policy that we push here in the United States Congress is a policy that addresses some of those deep concerns that they all have. Sometimes I think that this town gets into a little bit of a bubble. Two separate political parties that talk to each other, talk at each other, talk within each other, but we are in the midst of deep change in the United States. We are in the midst of the kind of structural change we have not seen in our country in a long, long time. We have an economic system, a Tax Code, a trade regime, that has not, quite frankly, been up to task to meet the needs of working class families. We have a healthcare system that, even though many changes have been made, I think, to help people get coverage, to help them afford their healthcare, it is still not up to task with the deep needs of our country. We have an education system that is not quite up to speed. The deliberations in this body need to be a little bit deeper. I think we need to take a little bit of a step back. We have tax reform that is on the docket this week. We have a consistent dialogue with other nations with regard to how we are going to organize our trade relationships with other countries, whether it be in North America, whether it be with China or Europe or any other country. b2030 Mr. Speaker, I will just say that after looking at the tax bill that has been presented in both the House and the Senate, the Congressional Budget Office has said that this tax bill will run a deficit and a longterm debt for our country to the tune of $1.7 trillion. So this tax reform that our friends on the other side are pushing has a $1.7 trillion hole in it. What has to happen is that the United States Government, because the Republicans are going to pass a tax cut, which the majority will go to the wealthiest people in the country, and because there will be this hole in the budget now, this country—our taxpayers are going to have to go to China, go to Saudi Arabia, and we are going to say: Hey, can you loan us some money? We have got this big deficit. We have got this debt we are running up in the United States. Can you loan us like $1.7 trillion? Because we are going to give that money back to the wealthiest people in the country, in the hopes that it stimulates the economy and grows jobs and wages. And, oh, by the way, we tried that in 2001, and 2003, and it didn’t work. To me, I think it is very difficult for us as a country to say we are going to give China more power over us. We are going to give China more say in the negotiations that we have with them, whether it is North Korea, whether it is them moving bases out into the South China Sea where they are actually building islands so that they can put bases on them and project more force in that area of the world. We are going to have less negotiating power with them as they continue to move into Africa and extract natural resources to feed their industrial machine. We are going to ask them for $1.7 trillion to give a tax cut that goes primarily to the biggest corporations in the country and the wealthiest people in the country. Now, that doesn’t make a whole lot of sense to most people. It sounds like a little bit of a scam. And the $1.7 trillion, which you have got to watch, we are borrowing it, and then we have to pay interest on the money that we are borrowing. So if interest rates go up, we are going to start paying more. Meanwhile, back here in the United States, we have got a number of challenges that we have got to deal with. We have got to rebuild our country. The President, while he was campaigning, said: We are going to do $1 trillion in infrastructure improvements in the United States. I am a builder. We are going to rebuild the country. It is now November, and we have not heard anything about an infrastructure bill or building roads and bridges and all the rest. In fact, we have had a President who campaigned—might see a little theme developing here—the President also campaigned and said: We are going to expand healthcare. We are going to expand Medicare. We are going to expand Medicaid. We are going to make it cheaper, accessible. It is going to be beautiful, and it will be easy to do. I can do it. And so goes life. The two bills, in both the House and the Senate, from the Republicans, as analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office—not as analyzed by Democrats— it was analyzed by the Congressional Budget Office, which is a neutral third party. They are kind of the umpire down here. They are the referee in 
Washington. They just look at the numbers. Whatever party is in charge, they always don’t like the Congressional Budget Office because they always tell you things you don’t necessarily want to hear. So the Congressional Budget Office said, on both of those bills for healthcare, both the House and the Senate: 20plus million people will lose their healthcare. So we had a campaign saying we are going to rebuild the country, and that hasn’t happened; a campaign saying we are going to get people more healthcare, and that is not happening. Then, we had a campaign where our President was saying: We are going to be tough on China. We have got to be tough on them. There are all kinds of little quotes I can say from when he was in Ohio, or he was here, or he was there. He was going to be the toughonChina guy. As you can see from this chart, for good measure, this is a chart that outlines where Chinese trade, foreign trade, and automation have hurt our country, and who has been hurt the most. The red is the hardest hit; and then as it moves to more lighter colors, less so. So you can see in the industrial Midwest, in the Great Lakes States, in the South, up in New England, Pennsylvania, and some out West, they were devastated by trade. The President is in China this past week, and he says: I don’t blame the Chinese. It is not their fault, but it is the United States’ fault. Now, I will say that the United States has not done a great job of being as firm on China as I would have liked. I was one of the original cosponsors of the China Currency Manipulation Bill, with former Representative Duncan Hunter, the father of current Representative DUNCAN HUNTER . So we have been on this for a long time. But this does not gloss over the fact that the Chinese intentionally steal our intellectual property. They intentionally skirt global trade rules. If we put tariffs up on Chinese steel tubing coming into the United States, the Chinese will ship it to another country, and then, from that country, send it to the United States to avoid the tariffs that we put on because their product, their final product, was cheaper than the raw material costs of a company like Wheatland Tube, in my congressional district, that is trying to sell the same thing; or Vallourec Star, in my district, that is trying to sell the same thing. So we would put tariffs on, and they would skirt the rules and come around through another country. So we play this constant game of trying to figure out where the Chinese steel is going to come in from. That is not our fault. That is not playing by the rules. That is not playing fair. Our President needs to recognize—I am all for being a diplomat—but when you are in the country, you need to be firm with the leaders of that country and tell them to stop hurting American businesses and putting American steelworkers out of work, especially when you campaigned on doing that just a year ago. We are seeing communities completely wiped out. So back to the tax cut, we are going to go to this same country, and we are going to borrow money from them. That doesn’t make any sense at all. What Democrats are proposing, and what our side is proposing, is that the people in the country that really need a break are those people the gentleman from Texas was just talking about, the ones working swing shifts; the ones who take a shower after work; the ones who stand on their feet all day long, making minimum wage or maybe a little bit more. Those are the people we should be pushing a tax cut toward. Put a little money in their pocket; help them lift up the ladder. Here is why I think this makes sense: If you go back to the last time we did tax reform, 31 years ago, in the last 31 years, 96 percent of all income growth went to the top 10 percent of the wealthiest people in the United States. So over 30 years, 96 percent of that growth went to the top 10 percent. That is where all of the money went. We have seen it flatline wages across the middle class for 30 years. We know the story, unfortunately: communities gutted, manufacturing base eroded. So to say we are going to take this group that has made all of the income gains in the last 31 years, and we are going to give them a tax cut that we are going to finance by borrowing money from China, which is going to increase our national debt; so we are going to have to pay more on that; we are going to lose leverage in the world with China; and now they are our banker—even more so than they are right now. So what I am asking is for us, in this body, to take a time out, to stop the process, to reach across the aisle to Democrats, to say that we have got to figure out this disparity that has happened over the last 20 or 30 years between capital and between labor. All of the gains have been on the capital side, yet capital gets taxed at a lower rate than wages. Warren Buffett said it a million times that he pays a lower tax rate than his secretary pays. Now, is that fair? Is that right? It is not. Of course, it isn’t. The argument is—because we have been adopting this system in one form or fashion or another for most of the last 30 years since Reaganomics—that has been the same time that all of this has happened. So we need a new way of doing this. This is not working for people. The Tax Code is an opportunity for us, I think, to ask those people who have been doing pretty well over the last 30 years, who make their money through capital gains, to pay the same level as the guy working the second shift at General Motors Lordstown. I think that is only fair. With that revenue, we can start rebuilding the country. Let me just say, lastly, that there is no evidence—and I know in Washington that most things aren’t based on evidence—but there is no evidence that cutting taxes for the wealthiest people in the country somehow makes it down to improve wages for middle class people. There just isn’t any evidence of that. George W. Bush, I was here for the second round of these tax cuts, but he cut, primarily, for the top 1 percent and threw some crumbs to the middle class folks. They got 300 bucks. That was supposed to create jobs, stimulate the economy, grow wages, and everything else. That was the slowest decade of growth in modern American history going back to the Great Depression. We had a more stable line of growth with the Bill Clinton budget in 1993, in which we asked the wealthiest to pay a little bit more. We balanced the budget, reinvested back into the country, and created 20 million new jobs. Every income group, from top to bottom, saw wages go up. b2045 When he walked out of this Capitol and George W. Bush came in, I think there was a $5.6 trillion projected surplus. I hate to say it, but we were having the debate about what we were going to do with the surplus. You may remember Al Gore was campaigning saying: We ought to put that surplus in a lock box, and make sure we support Medicare and Social Security and extend the life of those programs. George Bush was saying that we want to give it back in a tax cut. So George Bush won, and it went back in a tax cut. The only benefit—supposed benefit—is that at least we didn’t necessarily borrow that money. We were projected to have that money come in, and then we gave it back in a tax cut as the country collectively—some of us weren’t for that. But now we don’t have a surplus we are going to give away. We have got to go borrow the money. So then we give that $5.6 trillion back—again, primarily to the top 1 percent—and have a slow decade of growth. We ended up in two wars, put that on a credit card, too, then a complete economic collapse, and we are just trying to climb our way back. This is not the time to go borrow more money from China and give a tax cut to the wealthiest people in the country. It is just not the time to do that. We have got a lot of investments here at home that we need to make. We need to create an economic system that starts working for most people in the country which it is not now. We have jobs, but we have stagnant wages. We do have jobs, but wages are low. We do have jobs, but people are still losing their pensions. We do have jobs, but people still don’t have the kind of healthcare that they need. We can do better than this. It starts, I think, now with our rejecting the Republican tax bill and saying to them: 
Reach across the aisle, work with Democrats, and let’s do something that is bipartisan here and something that makes this a revenue enhancer or, at the very least, revenue neutral by asking and increasing the rates on capital and not borrowing $1.7 trillion—if not more—with increased interest rates from China. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
SENATE BILLS REFERRED Bills of the Senate of the following titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1153. An act to prohibit or suspend certain health care providers from providing nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs health care services to veterans, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. S. 1266. An act to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts with nonprofit organizations to investigate medical centers of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. f BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on November 9, 2017, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
H.R. 194. To amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to information technology, to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other purposes. H.R. 3243. To amend title 40, United States Code, to eliminate the sunset of certain provisions relating to information technology, to amend the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 to extend the sunset relating to the Federal Data Center Consolidation Initiative, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 47 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, November 14, 2017, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. OATH OF OFFICE MEMBERS, RESIDENT COMMISSIONER, AND DELEGATES The oath of office required by the sixth article of the Constitution of the United States, and as provided by section 2 of the act of May 13, 1884 (23 Stat. 22), to be administered to Members, Resident Commissioner, and Delegates of the House of Representatives, the text of which is carried in 5 U.S.C. 3331: ‘‘I, AB, do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same; that I take this obligation freely, without any mental reservation or purpose of evasion; and that I will well and faithfully discharge the duties of the office on which I am about to enter. So help me God.’’ has been subscribed to in person and filed in duplicate with the Clerk of the House of Representatives by the following Member of the 115th Congress, pursuant to the provisions of 2 U.S.C. 25: JOHNR. C URTIS , Third District of Utah. 
EXPENDITURE REPORTS CONCERNING OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the fourth quarter of 2016 and the third and fourth quarters of 2017, pursuant to Public Law 95–384 are as follows: REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ROMANIA, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 5 AND OCT. 10, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. MICHAEL R. TURNER, Nov. 2, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON K. MICHAEL CONAWAY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS, SURVEYS AND INVESTIGATIONS STAFF, HOUSE OF REP RESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN, Chairman, Oct. 13, 2017. 
(AMENDED) REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN OCT. 1 AND DEC. 31, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2016—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. MAC THORNBERRY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. DIANE BLACK, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. GREG WALDEN, Chairman, Oct. 26, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FINANCIAL SERVICES, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. JEB HENSARLING, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN AFFAIRS, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. EDWARD R. ROYCE, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. *Airfare inclusive of multiple legs of trip. HON. MICHAEL T. McCAUL, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON HOUSE ADMINISTRATION, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. GREGG HARPER, Chairman, Oct. 30, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
3Military air transportation. HON. BOB GOODLATTE, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017—Continued 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. TREY GOWDY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 1 AND SEPT. 30, 2017 
Name of Member or employee Date Country Per diem1 Transportation Other purposes Total Arrival Departure Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency
2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency2 
HOUSE COMMITTEES Please Note: If there were no expenditures during the calendar quarter noted above, please check the box at right to so indicat e and return. ◊ 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. HON. KEVIN BRADY, Chairman, Oct. 31, 2017. h 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 2331. A bill to require a new or updated Federal website that is intended for use by the public to be mobile friendly, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–406). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. GOWDY: Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. H.R. 3739. A bill to amend the Act of August 25, 1958, commonly known as the ‘‘Former Presidents Act of 1958’’, with respect to the monetary allowance payable to a former President, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–407). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 616. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2874) to achieve reforms to improve the financial stability of the National Flood Insurance Program, to enhance the development of more accurate estimates of flood risk through new technology and better maps, to increase the role of private markets in the management of flood insurance risks, and to provide for alternative methods to insure against flood peril, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 2810) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2018 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 408). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 1. A bill to provide for reconciliation pursuant to title II of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018; with amendments (Rept. 115–409). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. FERGUSON (for himself, Mr. MITCHELL , and Mr. G ARRETT ): H.R. 4372. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to require borrowers to repay Federal student loans under an incomebased repayment plan or a standard repayments plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself and Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas): H.R. 4373. A bill to modernize and strengthen the United States antimoney laundering and counterterrorism financing regime; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4374. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize additional emergency uses for medical products to reduce deaths and severity of injuries caused by agents of war, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. COMSTOCK (for herself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, and Mr. K NIGHT ): H.R. 4375. A bill to provide for a study on broadening participation in certain National Science Foundation research and education programs, to collect data on Federal research grants to science agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. WEBER of Texas, and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 4376. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to research equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. HULTGREN (for himself, Mr. FOSTER , Mr. S MITH of Texas, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. W EBER of Texas, and Mr. KNIGHT ): H.R. 4377. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out an upgrade to research equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mr. WEBER of Texas (for himself, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. SMITH of Texas, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. KNIGHT , and Mr. H ULTGREN ): H.R. 4378. A bill to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactorbased fast neutron source, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself, Ms. ROS LEHTINEN , Mr. E VANS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. KHANNA ): H.R. 4379. A bill to ensure that significantly more students graduate college with the international knowledge and experience essential for success in today’s global economy through the establishment of the Senator Paul Simon Study Abroad Program in the Department of Education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KIND (for himself and Mr. JONES ): H.R. 4380. A bill to make certain improvements relating to the hiring and employment of members of the Armed Forces, veterans, and their spouses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, and Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4381. A bill to require certain holders of a certificate of public convenience and necessity issued under the Natural Gas Act to suspend activities authorized by the certificate until violations relating to air quality are remediated, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GRAVES of Georgia (for himself, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. RUSSELL , and Mr. C UELLAR ): H. Con. Res. 92. Concurrent resolution recognizing the deep and abiding friendship between the United States and Israel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. PITTENGER (for himself, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. WALBERG , Mr. J ONES , Mr. F LORES , Mr. HUDSON , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J OHNSON  of Louisiana, and Mr. LAMBORN ): H. Con. Res. 93. Concurrent resolution recognizing the opening of the Museum of the Bible in Washington, D.C., the only museum of its size and scope in the world devoted exclusively to the Bible; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. SPEIER (for herself and Ms. WILSON of Florida): H. Res. 615. A resolution designating the Democratic Cloakroom in the Hall of the House of Representatives as the ‘‘Gabrielle GiffordsLeo J. Ryan Cloakroom‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. EMMER: H. Res. 617. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Thursday of November as ‘‘World Wide Pressure Injury Prevention Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WENSTRUP (for himself and Mr. RYANof Ohio): H. Res. 618. A resolution expressing support for the designation of the third Wednesday of November as ‘‘Utility Scam Awareness Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of Rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statement is submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. LYNCH: H.R. 4381. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 4372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform through the United States. By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 4373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 and Section 10 By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 4374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
By Mrs. COMSTOCK: H.R. 4375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 4376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. HULTGREN: H.R. 4377. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H.R. 4378. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4379. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 4380. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 44: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 173: Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 391: Mr. PERRY . H.R. 394: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 459: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 483: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 535: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 559: Mr. GOSAR and Mr. D UNN. H.R. 664: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 671: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 747: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 771: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 785: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 788: Mr. HUDSON . H.R. 820: Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. G IANFORTE , Mr. BANKS of Indiana, and Mr. F ERGUSON . H.R. 846: Ms. WILSON of Florida and Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 907: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 1031: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 1148: Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. H.R. 1153: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 1243: Mr. ZELDIN and Mr. R OYCE of California. H.R. 1267: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 1271: Mr. MEEHAN and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1339: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 1676: Mr. PETERS , Mr. F ERGUSON , and Ms. HANABUSA . H.R. 1811: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 1825: Mr. PERRY and Mr. B RAT. H.R. 1838: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H.R. 1865: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 1917: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina and Mr. BARR. H.R. 2138: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 2273: Mr. DELANEY . H.R. 2320: Mr. BEYER and Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . H.R. 2339: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2341: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. P ITTENGER . H.R. 2550: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 2591: Mr. GIANFORTE and Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 2670: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 2723: Mr. COMER and Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2740: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 2790: Mr. EVANS . H.R. 2909: Mr. ADERHOLT . H.R. 3174: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3179: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 3186: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 3222: Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, and Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 3273: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 3282: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3397: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3511: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 3513: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 3546: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 3596: Mr. ENGEL , Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. MESSER , and Mr. R OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3671: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3759: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mrs. BUSTOS , and Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 3787: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 3798: Mr. FLEISCHMANN . H.R. 3871: Mr. KIND. H.R. 3963: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 3983: Ms. MOORE . H.R. 3999: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4007: Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. R USSELL , and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4022: Mr. COLE, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. K IND, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. T HOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. LOEBSACK , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. SCHRADER , and Mr. W ALBERG . H.R. 4082: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 4090: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 4131: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H.R. 4143: Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. POSEY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, and Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 4176: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 4192: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 4206: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 4207: Mr. LONG. H.R. 4223: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 4227: Ms. TENNEY and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 4239: Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. H.R. 4240: Mr. COHEN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. CASTRO of Texas, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. H ECK, Ms. A DAMS , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. CLAY, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 4253: Ms. JAYAPAL and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4254: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 4265: Mr. BUCSHON . H.R. 4268: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4269: Ms. BONAMICI and Mr. P OLIS. H.R. 4273: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 4279: Mr. HULTGREN . H.R. 4280: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 4290: Mr. CRIST, Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 4302: Mr. BARR. H.R. 4320: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4323: Mr. ABRAHAM . H.R. 4324: Mr. BUDD, Mr. P OLIQUIN , and Mr. BARR. H.R. 4327: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 4329: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 4332: Mr. NADLER and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 4333: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 4339: Mr. COSTA and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 4360: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 4363: Ms. HANABUSA and Ms. L EE. H. Con. Res. 63: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. H. Res. 28: Mr. MAST. H. Res. 128: Ms. LOFGREN and Mr. B LUM. H. Res. 407: Mr. ADERHOLT . H. Res. 495: Mr. ROEof Tennessee and Mr. FERGUSON . H. Res. 570: Mr. MAST. H. Res. 604: Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. R ASKIN , and Ms. STEFANIK . H. Res. 614: Mr. MEEKS . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7169 Vol. 163 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 2017 No. 185 
The Senate met at 4:03 p.m. and was called to order by the Honorable JONI ERNST , a Senator from the State of Iowa. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. O God, our Father, in these turbulent and uncertain times use our lawmakers to live to bless others, bringing glory to Your Name with their sacrificial service. Lord, give them wisdom to persevere through the difficult, to stay calm when facing the irritating, and to experience Your peace even when things go wrong. Enable them to be helpful to the challenged, kind to the needy, and sympathetic to those whose hearts are bruised by life’s setbacks. Surround our Senators with Your protection and the shield of Your Divine favor, bringing them to Your expected end. We pray in Your merciful Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 