Mr. GOTTHEIMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of James Kelly, who celebrated his 90th birthday on July 20, 2018. James is known by his friends and neighbors in Tenafly as a deeply committed member of our community. Always there for others, James is a dedicated father, husband, grandfather, and career police officer, who has devoted his life to keeping his community safe. People like James are what make North Jersey such a special place to live. Born in 1928 in Philadelphia, James moved to New York City with his family in his teenage years. In New York, James worked in his family’s grocery store, until joining the New York Police Department. In 1950, James married his adored wife Lorraine, with whom he enjoyed a loving marriage of fiftyeight years. With Lorraine, James raised three daughters, Pat, Adrienne, and Lisa, and now has seven grandchildren and one great grandchild. A lover of Jazz music and corny jokes, James always makes sure to entertain his entire family during each and every gathering. James continues to be an essential member of his family and community, and is cherished by all who know him. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply grateful for James Kelly’s invaluable contributions to our community and our country, and I am confident that he will continue to inspire everyone around him with his quick wit and abiding commitment to service. I congratulate James Kelly on his 90th birthday and wish him many more years of success and happiness. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the retirement of Dr. Donald E. Cornforth, a Central Valley resident who provided outstanding medical care to his community for over twenty years. Donald E. Cornforth was born in Media, Pennsylvania on November 2, 1942. In 1964, he completed his undergraduate degree at Colorado State University in Fort Collins, Colorado. Four years later, upon graduating from Loma Linda University School of Medicine, Mr. Cornforth began a yearlong internship at Fitzsimons General Hospital. Following this internship, Dr. Cornforth began his Radiology Residency at St. Joseph’s Hospital in Colorado and became certified by the American Board of Radiology in 1975. Dr. Donald Cornforth’s drive and dedication to help those in need was further demonstrated when, during his final year in medical school, he made the selfless decision to enlist in the United States Army. After five years of Active Duty, two of which were spent as a Radiologist at Ireland Army Hospital in Fort Knox, Kentucky, Major Cornforth was honorably discharged. Over the next fifteen years practicing radiology, Dr. Cornforth continuously proved himself to be a fundamental leader within the medical community. During this time, Dr. Cornforth developed innovated services within his field and even brought his knowledge and services to Saudi Arabia for a teaching sabbatical. Additionally, Dr. Cornforth performed groundbreaking procedures including Colorado’s first percutaneous transrenal kidney stone extraction and the world’s first percutaneous transrenal UPJ endopyeloplasty. Then, in 1991, Dr. Cornforth brought his expertise to the Central Valley as the President of San Joaquin Imaging Medical Associates in Bakersfield, California. Dr. Cornforth upheld his commitment to provide vital medical services to those in need while leading various practices throughout the Kern County. His most notable practice, Quest Imaging Medical Associates, Inc. became a permanent fixture of the San Joaquin Community Hospital in 2010, expanding access to these critical services throughout the community. Whether he was serving our country in the United States Army or serving those within our 
community, Dr. Cornforth has always provided care with the highest standard of excellence. Dr. Cornforth’s dedication to serving others extends far beyond practicing medicine. In 2012, he and his wife, Edna, donated one million dollars for the cancer center at San Joaquin Community Hospital, its lobby now named the Cornforth Family Pavilion. Dr. and Mrs. Cornforth’s generosity to those in need is truly commendable and has made a lasting, positive impact on the Central Valley community. Today, Dr. Cornforth retires from his practice in Delano, Donald E. Cornforth, M.D., Inc., and from his position as Chief Medical Officer at the San Joaquin Community Hospital, where he also served as the head of their nationally recognized Stroke Center for three years. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives to join me in thanking Dr. Cornforth for his service to his country, the medical community, and the Central Valley. 
CONGRATULATING THE THOUSAND ISLANDS BRIDGE AUTHORITY ON ITS 80TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority on its 80th anniversary. On August 18, 1938, President Franklin Roosevelt and Canadian Prime Minister Mackenzie King officially opened the Thousand Islands Bridge System, marking a key connection between the North Country and Ontario. Made using 30,000 barrels of cement, 6,550 tons of steel, and 575,000 Canadian and American man hours, the system of five bridges covers 8.4 miles and serves over 2,000,000 vehicles annually in the Thousand Islands region of the St. Lawrence River. For 80 years, the Thousand Islands Bridge System has not only served as a key economic route for American and Canadian businesses and tourists, but has also fostered the sharing of knowledge and culture between the United States and its important ally. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to commemorate the Thousand Islands Bridge Authority and its 80 years of service to the North Country and Ontario. 
IN MEMORY OF ARETHA FRANKLIN, LEGENDARY PERFORMING ARTIST, CIVIL RIGHTS ACTIVIST, CULTURAL ICON, AND FIRST LADY AND QUEEN OF SOUL 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to celebrate the extraordinary and consequential life of Aretha Franklin, the ‘‘First Lady and Queen of Soul.’’ Aretha Franklin passed away this morning at the age of 76 at her home in Detroit after waging a long and valiant battle against pancreatic cancer. For more than a halfcentury the world was thrilled, inspired, and captivated by the scintillating presence and magical voice of the woman instantly known and recognizable the world over simply as ‘‘Aretha.’’ Born in 1942 in Memphis, Tennessee, Aretha’s family eventually relocated to Detroit, where she was raised and learned to sing. When Aretha was 10, her mother passed, and a number of women, including the legendary gospel singer Mahalia Jackson helped take care of Aretha and her siblings. It was around this time that Aretha started playing piano, singing and performing gospel songs at her father’s church in Detroit. On singing in church Aretha once remarked, ‘‘You have the ethereal feeling there. It is the house of the Lord. It is the Supreme Being. So there is no greater space to sing in than the church.’’ Aretha recorded a gospel album when she was just 14 and four years later signed with Columbia Records then Atlantic Records, where she achieved international recognition for internationally loved songs such as ‘‘Rock aBye Your Baby with a Dixie Melody’’ and ‘‘Natural Woman.’’ Aretha’s music defined a modern female archetype: sensual and strong, longsuffering but ultimately indomitable, loving but not to be taken for granted. Aretha’s contributions to music and pop culture received several honors throughout her life. She won a total of 18 Grammy awards; the first in 1967 for ‘‘Respect.’’ Aretha’s ‘‘Respect,’’ the Otis Redding song that became her signature anthem, was never just about how a woman wanted to be greeted by a spouse coming home from work. It was a demand for equality and freedom and a harbinger of feminism, carried by the voice of a woman who would accept nothing less. Aretha’s rendition of ‘‘Respect’’ resonated beyond individual relationships to the civil rights, counterculture and feminism movements. As Aretha wrote in her autobiography, ‘‘It was the need of the nation, the need of the average man and woman in the street, the businessman, the mother, the fireman, the teacher—everyone wanted respect.’’ Aretha was later honored with a Grammys Legend Award in 1991 and a Lifetime Achievement Award in 1994. In 2014, Aretha reached a new milestone by becoming the first woman to have her 100th hit on Billboard’s Hot R&B and HipHop Songs Chart. In a career spanning more than 50 years, Aretha’s performances marked certain pivotal moments in U.S. history. A longtime family friend of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., she sang ‘‘Precious Lord’’ at the civil rights leader’s memorial service. Aretha was the first woman inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987. Aretha’s stirring rendition of the ‘‘Star Spangled Banner’’ at the 1992 Democratic Convention In New York City is considered one of the greatest of all time. Aretha performed ‘‘America (My Country ’Tis of Thee)’’ at the inauguration of President Barack Obama. And Aretha brought President Obama—and much of the audience—to tears six years later when she surprised Kennedy Center honoree Carole King with ‘‘Natural Woman’’ in 2015. Aretha’s legacy goes far beyond music. By the standards of Paradise Valley, the business district and entertainment center of a denselypopulated AfricanAmerican residential area in Detroit, Aretha was a young woman of status and privilege. Nevertheless she suffered the same humiliations as any black woman travelling through the South or venturing into the white precincts of Detroit. By the time of the murder of Emmett Till, in 1955, her father, Rev. C. L. Franklin had opened New Bethel Baptist Church to the movement, and, from his pulpit, he denounced segregation and white supremacy. When Dr. King came to Detroit, he stayed at the home of the Franklins. On June 23, 1963, Rev. C. L. Franklin helped Dr. King organize the ‘‘Walk to Freedom,’’ the march of more than a hundred thousand people through downtown Detroit that set the stage for the March of Washington two months later. At Detroit’s Cobo Hall, Dr. King, acknowledging ‘‘my good friend’’ Rev. C. L. Franklin, delivered a speech filled with passages that would become world famous two months later when spoken at the March on Washington: ‘‘This afternoon I have a dream,’’ he told the crowd. ‘‘I have a dream,’’ that ‘‘little white children and little Negro children’’ will be ‘‘judged by the content of their character and not the color of their skin.’’ Dr. King later confided to Rev. C. L. Franklin, ‘‘Frank, I will never live to see forty.’’ At Dr. King’s funeral, in April, 1968, Aretha was asked to sing Thomas Dorsey’s ‘‘Precious Lord.’’ Aretha was now a central voice in both the black community, eclipsing her father, and in the musical world. In 1970, Aretha offered to post a $250,000 bond to free Angela Davis, the demonized black activist then being held on charges of conspiracy, kidnapping and murder—charges of which she was later acquitted. Quoted in Jet magazine at the time, Aretha said: ‘‘Angela Davis must go free. Black people will be free.’’ Mr. Speaker, it is easy to forget how unusual this was in an era when Aretha’s Grammywinning albums were still sold in segregated ‘‘race music’’ sections of record stores and when even the suggestion that a black woman might one day appear on the cover of September Vogue, as Beyonce´now does, would have seemed like a pipe dream. It is important, too, to note that wearing an Afro or the head wraps Aretha was early to adopt was once as risky a political statement as taking a knee would later become. And while many of her musical contemporaries rarely ventured from their sartorial safe zones, Aretha remained boldly and exuberantly unconstrained in her tastes, confident about demonstrating both her individuality and her economic might by doing as another powerful black woman, Oprah Winfrey, one day would. Mr. Speaker, Aretha was a musical, spiritual, and cultural leader for America and around the world. Aretha exemplified the best of America— powerful, compassionate, fearless, and kind. Aretha personified the community from which she came: forever young, gifted, and black. Mr. Speaker, I ask the House to observe a moment of silence in memory of one of the 
greatest performing artists in American history, the inimitable, indomitable, and irrepressible Aretha Franklin, the First Lady and Queen of Soul. 
SOROS MUST STOP MEDDLING IN THE DEMOCRATIC PROCESS OF OTHER NATIONS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, billionaire George Soros is undermining our democratic allies in Europe. For decades he has spent billions of dollars financing activists, journalists, and politicians to challenge democratically elected leaders who do not prescribe to Mr. Soros’ leftwing worldview. His meddling in foreign politics is far from a noble cause and should be discouraged. Mr. Soros has targeted much of his efforts on our NATO ally Hungary, where he opposes the policies of the democratically elected prime minister. By trying to subvert an elected leader, Mr. Soros and his network of wellpaid activists are working against the will of the Hungarian people. Through his propaganda networks and socalled ‘‘policy institutes’’ he is trying to manipulate public opinion to support his leftwing causes and tarnish the image of our Hungarian allies. Like every sovereign democratic nation, Hungarians have the right to elect their own leaders and not be the target of some billionaire’s schemes. Mr. Soros is even using his lavishly funded organizations to lobby other European states to pressure Hungary. This is unacceptable. We too, as an independent free nation, do not want big money or foreign influences meddling in our political process. Mr. Soros must cease undermining our freedomloving allies. His foreign wealth should not afford him outsized influence to push his leftwing agenda on the people of Hungary. If we want money and foreign influence out of politics here, we must expect that wealthy Americans show the same respect abroad. And that’s just the way it is. 
CONGRATULATING THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS NATIONAL SPEECH AND DEBATE ASSOCIATION TEAM 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the 28 young men and women from the Northern Mariana Islands who competed laudably at this year’s National Speech and Debate Association National Tournament in Fort Lauderdale, Florida in June. Members of the Marianas team in both the junior and senior divisions performed excellently, some even placing in the top 10 in the country. The Junior Team earned handsomely with Elaine Fernandez of Francisco Sablan Middle School and Jonathan Wolf of Dandan Middle School both making it to the finals and placing number five in the nation in their categories, Story Telling and Humorous Interpretation, respectively. Vladimir Palma of Hopwood Middle School placed in the semifinals, finishing top eight in the nation. Placing in the quarter finals for the Junior Team were Jonathan and Lars Wolf, who finished top 24 in the nation, with Jonathan also placing top 24 in Poetry Reading. Vladimir Palma placed top 30 in the nation in Prose Reading. The rest of Junior Team members performed excellently and included Patreisha Concillado and Elaine Fernandez from Fransisco Sablan Middle School; Dane Hodges and Cevina Huang from Saipan International School; Juliet Innocencio, Oceana and Issa Teigita from Dandan Middle School; Vivien Liu and Edgardo Palma from Hopwood Middle School; Jill Mallari from Mount Carmel School and Christian Pamintuan from Green Meadow School. On the Senior Team, Kate Ishida of Marianas High School placed in the semifinals, earning number 12 in the nation in Poetry Reading. She also placed in the quarter finals in Prose Reading, finishing in the top seven percent in the nation. Elizabeth Rose Jones of Kagman High School placed in the quarter finals and earned number 15 in the nation in Expository Speech. Senior Team members who placed highly include Shea Hartig of Saipan International School who places in the top 17 percent in the nation for Impromptu Speech and top 38% percent in Poetry Reading. Su Min (Melody) Woo of Grace Christian Academy finished in the top 36 percent for Prose Reading. Nina Validismo of Kagman High School, Jeremiah Fernandez of Saipan Southern High School and Elijah Joshua Pajarillaga from Grace Christian Academy all placed in the top 40% in the nation in their respective categories: Story Telling for the two former and Impromptu Speech for the later. The rest of the Senior Team members performed superbly and included Neamiah Fernandez from Saipan Southern High School; Jeff Melchor from Mount Carmel School; Esther Park, Kelvin Wolf, Joseph Zhang and Emma Timmons from Marianas High School; and Lanz Jabez Victoria from Grace Christian Academy. These young orators were able to compete at such a high level with the guidance of all their coaches. The Junior Team was coached by Criselda Aldan from Mount Carmel School, Cary Bertoncini from Saipan International School, Lorelisa Espiritu from Great Meadow School, Maria Mettao from Francisco Sablan Middle School, Victoria Nishida from Hopwood Middle School, and Kristine Wolf from Dandan Middle School. Junior team coordinator and CNMI Representative to NSDA was Harold Easton. The coaches for the Senior Team were Frank Borja from Saipan Southern High School, Grace Duran from Grace Christian Academy, Joy Jones from Kagman High School and Dencio Manglona from Marianas High School. In addition to their performances in competition, the team was also able meet fellow orators from the continental United States, at last connecting with a network of fellow students passionate about speech and debate. The team also made contact with colleges and universities that especially recruit speech and debate students. Overall, it was a thoroughly enriching experience. Please join me in congratulating the Marianas Team for their exceptional performances at the 2018 National Speech and Debate Association National Tournament. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Whitaker Foundation and its pivotal role in developing the Biomedical Engineering Society (BMES), which is now in its 50th year. The Whitaker Foundation was founded in 1975 by Uncas A. Whitaker and other residents of Arlington, VA. Since its inception, the Whitaker Foundation has nurtured educational opportunities at universities across the United States through grants, faculty recruitment, and new educational programs, including no fewer than 30 biomedical engineering programs. These programs have increased the size and diversity of our engineering workforce by attracting the broadest representation of students to the pursuit of biomedical engineering. BMES began in Atlantic City, NJ with a gathering of 83 founding scientists and engineers eager to make an impact upon medical care and human health. Since then, BMES has nurtured new disciplines within engineering, biomedical engineering, and bioengineering, which have led to new industries, career opportunities, and educational programs across the globe. We honor the Whitaker Foundation today for its investment in BMES as we also celebrate BMES’s 50th anniversary. In promoting BMES, the Whitaker Foundation created a permanent home for the educational and career development of biomedical engineers nationwide and promoted the development of biomedical engineering as the distinct discipline it is today. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF DELIMA ‘‘DEL’’ GENARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. KEATING. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Delima ‘‘Del’’ Genard, a resident of Acushnet, Massachusetts, who turns 100 years young on August 18th. Del was born in Thetford Mines, Quebec, Canada in 1918 to parents Cesaire and Rose Anna Darcy. She was one of six children, with four brothers and one sister. Her family moved to the United States when she was an infant. During the Great Depression, Del left school in the 6th grade and began working to help support her family. In 1939, Del became a United States Citizen, and two years later she married Alcide Genard on November 20, 1941. She was a devoted and loving stayathome mother to their three children: Priscilla, Robert, and Florence. During World War II, Del took care of 
her family while her husband was deployed overseas. Then, in 1957 she returned to work as a seamstress until retiring at the age of 62. In her free time, she enjoyed dancing the Quadrille, attending Whiss parties at church, going to the movies, attending clambakes, and going for long walks. Today she can be found playing cards and bingo, doing puzzles, and going on day trips with friends. Above all, she enjoys spending time with her growing family. Family is incredibly important to Del, who has 18 grandchildren, 31 greatgrandchildren, and four greatgreatgrandchildren. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to honor Delima ‘‘Del’’ Genard on this joyous occasion of her 100th birthday. I ask that my colleagues join me in wishing her many more years of health and happiness. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. MENG. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, to recognize the 50th anniversary of the Queens Jewish Community Council (QJCC), an organization that serves as a nonpolitical, nonpartisan body for communication and action for the residents and organizations of Queens. Since it opened its doors in January of 1968, the QJCC has been a tireless advocate, and dedicated in its service to, the Greater Jewish community in the borough of Queens. Mr. Speaker, I believe that thanks in part to the tremendous efforts and commitment of the board members’ staff and volunteers led by Executive Director Cynthia Zalisky and President Michael Nussbaum, the QJCC has truly established itself as a beacon of chesed in our local Queens community. Unwavering in its advocacy, the QJCC continues to fight for those in need, especially the many families who are battling hunger and poverty. Each year more than onethousand of the Jewish poor, elderly and homeless turn to the QJCC for its limitless compassion and support services. The Queens Jewish Community Council has not only cultivated a reputation for investing in its community, but also for being able to provide social services to those in need to improve their quality of life regardless of race, creed, age, religion, color, disability, national origin, sex or marital status. Responding to the needs of its community, QJCC provides immigrant services, kosher mealsonwheels, a food pantry, medical insurance facilitation, domestic violence counseling, and much more. Through this multitude of topnotch programming focusing on the economic, social and cultural wellbeing of the Jewish Community, the QJCC has established itself as a leading voice for its local constituency. I am proud to stand to commemorate the Queens Jewish Community Council’s 50th anniversary. I look forward to seeing what the future will bring for this trailblazing organization. COMMEMORATING 83RD ANNIVERSARY OF SOCIAL SECURITY ACT OF 1935 HON. SHEILA JACKSON LEE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 83rd anniversary of the passage of the landmark Social Security Act of 1935, the most famous of the New Deal measures and perhaps the most beneficial and consequential government program in American history. On August 14, 1935, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed into law the Social Security Act of 1935 and made good on the Democratic Party’s commitment to provide income security to Americans in their old age. Social Security has transformed what it means to grow old in this country. For 83 years, Social Security has represented a bedrock promise to the American people: that a lifetime of work will be rewarded with the peace of mind, certainty, and sense of security of a stable retirement. As we celebrate the 83rd anniversary of the Social Security Act of 1935, we should reflect also on the reallife transformative impact America’s most successful program continues to have on millions of Americans each year. Social Security has been a stable and secure source of income for millions of seniors and families, many of whom desperately need it, over these last more than seven decades. In the 18th Congressional District of Texas, Social Security is the primary economic lifeline for more than 91,000 seniors and disabled persons. Social Security’s economic impact also goes well beyond the seniors and families receiving benefits. It also benefits state economies and local businesses all across the country. In the 18th Congressional District of Texas, Social Security recipients inject more than $97 million into the local economy annually; nationwide, this figures is $775 billion. When more than 58 million Americans use the purchasing power of those benefits, they are supporting businesses with dollars they would not have without Social Security. It is shameful that there are congressional Republicans who continue to promote various plans to privatize or partially privatize Social Security—plans that would rob seniors of the economic security they count on. Over the last 83 years, House Democrats have protected and strengthened Social Security; and now and in the future, House Democrats will always act to preserve Social Security and safeguard the rights of our nation’s seniors. And as we look to the future, we can celebrate that what was put in place in 1935 with the Social Security Act of 1935 has given us the foundation for a secure and prosperous future for all Americans. RUSSIA STILL OCCUPIES GEORGIAN TERRITORY 10 YEARS LATER HON. TED POE 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 10 years ago, Russian tanks rolled across the border into the independent nation of Georgia. I was there and saw the little green men with my own eyes. After five days of bloody fighting, with thousands of innocent Georgians displaced from their homes, the conflict ended with a pledge by Russia to pull back its forces. Ten years later, however, Moscow’s troops remain on Georgian territory, occupying a third of the country. The Kremlin claims these Russian troops in Georgia are just noble peacekeepers, but this is a boldfaced lie. They are a heavily armed battlegroup waiting to provoke tiny Georgia into another fight. They routinely engage in ‘‘creeping occupation,’’ slowly taking more and more territory by moving the border line in the dark of night. They have committed horrific human rights abuses against the Georgian people, often harassing civilians and denying Georgians the ability to move about their country freely. The continued presence of Russian troops on Georgian soil presents a major violation of international law, setting a precedent for other rogue regimes to follow. America’s response at the time was condemnation and sanctions but this proved insufficient to fully deter future aggression. Only years later, the Obama administration removed the punishing sanctions against Russia as part of its foolish ‘‘reset’’ with the Kremlin. We now know this demonstration of weakness only encouraged further aggression from Russia, with it again invading a neighboring state in 2014. This time, it seized and annexed Crimea from Ukraine, another independent sovereign state that Russia had sworn to respect. After 10 years of illegal occupation of Georgian territory, we need to do more to help our Georgian friends resist the Russian bear. Following the collapse of the Soviet Union, Georgia emerged as a beacon of hope in a region full of turmoil and corruption. This is exactly why Russia invaded. Russia hoped to break this beacon of hope 10 years ago, but Georgia has remained defiant. We must be defiant with our friends to prevent further acts of aggression and hopefully begin to reverse Moscow’s deadly expansionism. As cochair of the Congressional Georgia Caucus, I have long seen that major vulnerabilities remain that Russia could exploit. While military cooperation and training has improved significantly, Georgia still lacks the technology and resources to realistically deter and defend itself from future Russian aggression. Georgia is a small country, with a GDP around $14 billion. It cannot afford to compete with the might of the Russian military alone. That is why I have introduced H.R. 6219, the Georgia Support Act, with my Georgia Caucus cochair, Rep. CONNOLLY . Through this important bill, we hope to significantly enhance Georgia’s ability to combat and deter Moscow’s wicked activities. Putin must be shown that his dream of rebuilding the Soviet Empire is impossible. And we must show our freedom loving friends 
around the globe that America is ready and able to stand with them in the face of foreign oppression. The Georgian people have shown they will fight for their freedom, even against overwhelming odds. And while the Kremlin believes that it has prevented Georgia’s aspirations of joining NATO by seizing its territory, we can send a signal that their victory is hollow. The days of conquering your neighbor are over. As cunning as Putin may be, he will never be Napoleon. Georgia is still on the path towards greater integration with the West. Georgia will remain free and prosperous. And Russia will find itself isolated and full of regret for ever following Putin’s foolish ambition. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, it is with a heavy heart that I rise today to announce that on July 21st, the City of Montclair in my district experienced the great loss of Mayor Paul M. Eaton, a gracious public servant who devoted 48 years of his life to serving the people of Montclair through government. Mayor Eaton was raised in San Diego County’s City of El Cajon, where his father owned a septic tank business. His time spent helping his father operate a tractor and equipment for the family business instilled in Eaton a lifelong love for machines and inspired him to live out the business’ slogan: ‘‘Ask Your Neighbor!’’ Eaton’s passion for the Montclair community began in 1965 when he and his wife, Ginger, moved to the Inland Empire. The two began their service at Bethany Baptist church and at the OntarioMontclair School District volunteering with elementary students. In 1970, Eaton began his career in public service as a founding, appointed member of Montclair’s Community Action Committee. The reputation he earned in this position for his commitment to advocating for Montclair residents resulted in his appointment to the Montclair Planning Commission four years later, which he served on until becoming a City Council member in 1988. Following Mayor Larry Rhinehart’s sudden departure, Eaton was unanimously installed into the position by his fellow City Council members. He served as the city’s leader for 23 consecutive years, totaling nearly six terms in office, and becoming the longest serving mayor in Montclair history. His greatest achievements included constructing a stateof theart police facility and Youth and Senior Centers, widening Central Avenue on the I–10 Freeway, making critical improvements to the Mission Boulevard and Hold Corridors, and ensuring future service to the Montclair Transcenter for the Gold Line light rail service. Mayor Eaton’s decades of unwavering devotion to the city he loved has resulted in a well deserved and honorable title of Mayor Emeritus of Montclair, an accolade bestowed upon him by his city council colleagues following his passing. For his exemplary life of service, Mr. Speaker, it is on the House floor an honor to recognize Mayor Paul M. Eaton. His decades of commitment and contributions to the City of Montclair are worthy of admiration, and his memory will live on through the countless lives he has impacted. Mayor Eaton is survived by his wife and current mayor of Montclair, Ginger Eaton, their four children, nine grandchildren, and 14 greatgrandchildren. May he rest in peace. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Harrison Frank of the Russellville Indians for his firstplace finish in the 800m Run at the 2018 Missouri Class 2 State Track and Field Championship. Harrison and his coach should be commended for all of their hard work throughout this past year and for bringing home the state championship to their school and community. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing Harrison Frank for a job well done. 
HONORING THE LAKE GEORGE LAND CONSERVANCY ON ITS 30TH ANNIVERSARY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and recognize the Lake George Land Conservancy’s 30th Anniversary. Since its founding in 1988, the Lake George Land Conservancy has been integral to conservation efforts in the Lake George region. A notforprofit land trust, LGLC works with landowners and many community partners to preserve natural resources and protect the water quality and beauty of Lake George. As true stewards of the land, LGLC also works to restore local ecology, combat invasive species, control erosion around the lake, and maintain over 35 miles of trails. Without the hard work and dedication of LGLC’s members, the public could not take advantage of the many opportunities that Lake George offers today. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I want to thank the Lake George Land Conservancy for 30 years of hard work and dedication to improving the Lake George community. I look forward to watching them continue to succeed for many years to come. 
CONGRATULATING CHARLES HAWES FOR BEING NAMED 2018 U.P. VETERAN OF THE YEAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize Charles Hawes for being named the 2018 U.P. Veteran of the Year. Through his dedicated service, exceptional leadership, and steadfast devotion to his community, Charles has become an indispensable part of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. The U.P. Veteran of the Year is chosen annually by a selection committee consisting of past commanders of various service organizations throughout the peninsula. It is given to recognize Yooper Veterans who go above and beyond in their service to their local communities and fellow Veterans. None are more deserving of this honor than Charles Hawes. During his military career, Charles served as an E–5 Second Class Petty Officer in the United States Navy, where he was decorated with the National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service Medal with Fleet Marine Force Combat Operations Insignia, and Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal with Device. His devotion to the people of his country and community has not wavered since he returned from military service. It is impossible to fully list all the ways in which Charles works to better the lives of U.P. Veterans. He currently serves as the chaplain for VFW District 14 and junior vice commander of VFW Post 6 in Marquette, having served as its commander previously. He volunteers at American Legion Post 44 by organizing bingo at the Marquette County Fair and participating in Memorial Day and Flag Day ceremonies. At the D.J. Jacobetti Home for Veterans in Marquette, Charles assists at numerous Veterans’ breakfasts throughout the year and works with the Vietnam Veterans of America, Chapter 380, with its annual dinner dance and picnic for Jacobetti residents. He serves as a mentor at DAV Chapter 22, where he is an essential volunteer at its annual membership drive and a top fundraiser for its ForgetMeNot Program. He is also a founding member of the Marquette County Veterans Alliance. Charles has devoted decades to the people of Michigan, and his tireless efforts have directly improved the lives of thousands of U.P. Veterans. Outside of his work with Veterans organizations, Charles is an active volunteer with the Society of St. Vincent de Paul in Marquette and is the former Assistant Scout Master for BSA Troop 302. His contributions to his community were also previously recognized when he was named the 2017 Marquette County Veteran of the Year. As a servicemember, a Veteran, a volunteer, a father, and a Yooper, Charles consistently puts the needs of others before his own. He was honored as the 2018 Upper Peninsula Veteran of the Year at a ceremony during the U.P. State Fair in Escanaba on August 16th. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to congratulate Charles Hawes for his decades of service to fellow Michigan Veterans and for being named the 2018 Upper Peninsula Veteran of the Year. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a selfless and devoted individual. On behalf of my constituents, I wish Charles all the best in his future endeavors. 
WE MUST STAND UP TO IRAN’S PROXIES IN IRAQ 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Iran is continuing its march across the Middle East. At this moment, it is consolidating its gains in Yemen, Syria, Lebanon, Bahrain, and Iraq. Through its network of violent proxies, it is exerting influence to subject millions to the will of the mullahs in Tehran and to launch terrorist attacks against us and our allies. Iran’s sectarian proxies are sowing division across the region through their brutal rule, giving Sunni extremists like alQaeda and ISIS an opportunity to recruit among the oppressed. Wherever there is weak governance in the Middle East, Iran moves to expand its conquests and challenge the rule of law. Currently, Iraq is particularly vulnerable to Iran’s proxy subversion. The country is attempting to rebuild—with our help—after years of battling ISIS. Hundreds of thousands still remain displaced from their homes and the damage to the country’s infrastructure is immense. Yet despite ISIS’s defeat on the battlefield and the liberation of all major towns and cities, corruption and Iranian meddling present major obstacles towards allowing Iraq to heal. Iranianbacked militias are not disbanding, but instead are controlling territory, infiltrating government institutions, and attempting to seize political power. They do not respect democracy or care for the interests of average Iraqis. These proxies serve only the goals of their masters in Tehran who want to keep their neighbor weak. Their presence undermines the Iraqi government’s authority and ultimately hinders reconciliation amongst the country’s religious sects. After President Obama foolishly withdrew our forces in 2011, it was these thugs and their Iranian patrons who filled the void, creating the sectarian conditions for Iraq to unravel and ISIS to be born. We must not allow this to happen again. By working to restore Iraqi sovereignty and diminish the power of Iran’s agents, we can prevent ISIS from returning and another generation of Americans having to go fight in the Middle East. Unfortunately, Iran’s proxies in Iraq are gaining power and despite legislation to target these groups, our own State Department is getting in the way. For too long they have tried diplomatic niceties to urge Iraqis to stand up to their countrymen who are doing Tehran’s bidding. But this method is failing as Iranian backed groups such as Asaib Ahl alHaq win more seats in Iraq’s parliament. AlHaq is a militia group that has killed dozens of Americans, Iraqis, Kurds, and Syrians, yet no one will stand up to them—not even our foreign service officers. It’s time to stop doing a dance with the devils in Iraq and Iran, and send a clear message that these groups should be designated as terrorists and cast out of the halls of power in Baghdad. If we do not, the future of Iraq as a strong independent nation is in jeopardy. Iraniancontrolled militias, like Asaib Ahl al Haq and their comrades in Harakat Hezbollah AlNujaba must be targeted so that those freedomloving Iraqis who hope to rebuild their country can see that America stands with them. Already we are seeing in the streets of southern Iraq that some Iraqis are demonstrating courage in the face of Iran’s proxies. They, like the Iranian people, are demanding that the mullahs’ corruption be removed from their country. The era of bending the knee to Tehran is over. And that’s just the way it is. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BEYER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 75th anniversary of the Hollin Hall Village neighborhood in Fairfax County. This historic milestone is a testament to the strength and spirit of both Fairfax County and Northern Virginia. The neighborhood of Hollin Hall Village was established in 1943 under the leadership of developer John McPherson, Sr., who believed in the future of both the community and Fairfax County. During the 1950s, the fledgling Hollin Hall Village witnessed an explosion of home development and expansion. Since then, generations of residents have called Hollin Hall Village their home and enjoyed the smalltown feel located just 10 miles south of Washington, D.C. Today, Hollin Hall Village is a community of approximately 700 singlefamily homes and businesses located in Fairfax County’s Mount Vernon District. Hollin Hall Village contains two shopping centers with community staples and specialty stores, a seniors’ center, Mount Vernon Park, and a baseball field that countless little league teams call home. A community’s health can be judged by its level of civic engagement. The Hollin Hall Village Citizen’s Association brings together locals who faithfully volunteer to support their community, represent their neighborhood at County meetings, and serve on County boards and committees. Thanks to those efforts, Hollin Hall Village has grown and thrived while maintaining the smalltown feeling that early residents envisioned. Mr. Speaker, Virginia’s 8th Congressional District remains one of the best places in the country in which to live, work, and raise a family. Behind this achievement are generations of individuals who have, in the spirit of Hollin Hall Village’s founders, worked tirelessly to maintain the area’s undeniable charm. I commend the Hollin Hall Village Citizen’s Association for its work and congratulate the citizens of Hollin Hall Village for reaching this historic milestone. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing them great success in their future endeavors. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the heroic action of Deputy Marshal Joshua Katz, a law enforcement officer in Log Lane Village, CO. On August 3rd, while Deputy Katz was on duty, he received a call from dispatch regarding a man found unconscious in the town of Log Lane Village. Katz quickly arrived on the scene and noticed a needle in the man’s arm. It was later discovered that the man had overdosed on a combination of heroin and fentanyl. Utilizing the training that he had received on drug overdose prevention, Katz administered Narcan nasal spray and performed rescue breathing until an ambulance arrived— actions which likely saved the man’s life. The use of opioids is a growing issue and Eastern Colorado has been increasingly harmed by the scourge of opioid addiction. This is why our communities rely on the training of our first responders and law enforcement officers. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to join the people of Log Lane Village in thanking Deputy Marshal Joshua Katz for his courage, quickthinking, and dedication to protecting our community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Golden Valley Health Centers in honor of National Health Center Week. Since 1972, Golden Valley Health Centers have served the people of the San Joaquin Valley with integrity and honor. During that time, they have been guided by their mission to improve the health of patients regardless of language, financial, or cultural barriers, and exemplified the benefits that health centers provide to local communities. Golden Valley Health Centers provide affordable, comprehensive primary and preventive care to underserved communities with their 32 clinics throughout Merced, Stanislaus, and San Joaquin Counties. Their team of over 900 people includes physicians, nurse practitioners, behavior health specialists, physician assistants, and certified nurse midwives, all of whom advance the mission and vision of Golden Valley Health Centers through the various essential care services they provide. Golden Valley Health Centers have proved it is possible to overcome barriers to healthcare access, such as geography, income, and insurance status. In doing so, health centers, such as Golden Valley, improve health care outcomes while, at the same time, reducing the costs of health care. These health centers provide services vital to the public health of our valley and nation, including healthcare for our veterans, natural disaster response, and mental health care to help battle the opioid epidemic. It has been an honor to work alongside Golden Valley Health Centers to ensure access to quality, affordable health for constituents throughout my district. Furthermore, Golden Valley, like most health centers, is governed by patientmajority boards and locally owned and operated, ensuring that patients are engaged in their own health care decisions. With local control, health centers often serve as critical economic 
engines that generate essential revenue for local communities, including those in California’s San Joaquin Valley. During National Health Center Week, we celebrate the legacy of America’s health centers, and their vital role in shaping the past, present, and future of America’s health care system. I encourage all Americans to take part in this week by visiting their local health center and celebrating the important partnership between America’s health centers and the communities they serve. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Golden Valley Health Centers for their work to provide quality health care for the communities of the San Joaquin Valley. It is both fitting and appropriate that we honor them and recognize the role they play in maintaining the wellbeing of our communities during National Health Center Week. 
HONORING TECHNICAL SERGEANT SALLY PANZAR, U.S. AIR FORCE, ON HER RETIREMENT AFTER NEARLY 25 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, today I offer my heartfelt congratulations to Sally Panzar, a resident of York Haven, Pennsylvania, on her upcoming retirement after nearly 25 years of service to the United States of America. Technical Sergeant Panzar currently serves as the Unit Training Manager and Unit Deployment Manager at the 193 Special Operations Wing Logistics Squadron. She entered the United States Air Force in 1993, and served in numerous assignments, to include humanitarian missions such as TROPICARE 2013, as well as Turkey and Saudi Arabia during Operation Northern Watch and Operation Southern Watch, respectively. Her numerous commendations and awards, including the Air Force Commendation Medal, the Air Force Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal and others, are a testament to her steadfast courage, personal integrity, dedication, and impeccable character. Her enduring legacy of service to our Nation is truly exceptional and sets a standard for all to follow. On behalf of Pennsylvania’s Fourth Congressional District, I commend and congratulate my fellow soldier, Technical Sergeant Sally Panzar, upon her retirement and for her tireless service to the United States of America. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the City of Santa Rosa in California’s Fifth Congressional District as we celebrate the city’s 150th anniversary. Santa Rosa was officially incorporated in 1868 as the third city in Sonoma County. Currently, the city has a population of over 175,000 residents living within its 41.5 square miles. Santa Rosa is the largest city in the North Bay and the fifth most populous city in the San Francisco Bay Area and the 28th most populous in California. Santa Rosa is known to be one of the great centers of California’s viticulture community. The city and its surrounding region is home to hundreds of wineries, big and small, which play a central and dominant role in our region’s tourism industry. Santa Rosa has a vibrant arts community and has been the setting of numerous films for many decades. Our town’s historic buildings have been backdrops for movies including Shadow of a Doubt, Pollyanna, Peggy Sue Got Married and Cheaper by the Dozen. The city is also home to the Summer Repertory Theater, Santa Rosa Symphony, Sonoma County Philharmonic and many other world class arts organizations. Santa Rosa is also known for being the home of Santa Rosa Junior College (SRJC), one of the most renowned community colleges in California and the whole of the United States. SRJC is an important institution in our city that serves recent high school graduates and people who are continuing their education alike. Santa Rosa has been home to numerous significant Americans for over a century. Renowned horticulturalist Luther Burbank, actress Natalie Wood and nationally celebrated cartoonist Charles M. Schultz all called Santa Rosa home at one point during their lives. Mr. Burbank summed up the beauty and special character of Santa Rosa as ‘‘the chosen spot of all this earth as far as Nature is concerned.’’ Mr. Speaker, the City of Santa Rosa is the home of prominent historical and cultural assets. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor its 150th anniversary here today. f 
CONGRATULATING THE NEHEMIAH PROJECT FOR 30 YEARS OF SERVICE IN NORTHERN MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. BERGMAN. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the Nehemiah Project on the occasion of its 30th anniversary. Through exceptional leadership and steadfast devotion to their community, the men and women of the Nehemiah Project have become indispensable parts of Michigan’s First District. Named after the biblical man who helped rebuild Jerusalem, the Nehemiah Project has worked for three decades to help those in need rebuild the broken parts of their lives. The group was formed in 1988 after several area churches came together to create a nondenominational ministry to help Northern Michigan’s homeless and opened their first shelter, the Nehemiah House, in Petoskey. Since then, the group has opened three other locations nearby: the Mary Margaret House, which accommodates women and children; the Grace House, a transitional apartment; and Hope Hall, which is used as office space for Nehemiah staff. Hope Hall also serves as a warming area in the winter and houses Bible study sessions and classes on job and computer skills, budgeting, and parenting. Over the last 30 years, the Nehemiah Project’s focus on community, selffulfillment, and motivation have directly improved the lives of hundreds of Michiganders that have fallen on hard times. In honor of its 30th anniversary, the Nehemiah Project will host an open house from noon to 3 p.m. on Sunday, August 19, at its 36 Bridge Street location in Petoskey. Mr. Speaker, it’s my honor to recognize the administrators and volunteers of the Nehemiah Project for three decades of excellence in service to the people of Northern Michigan. Michiganders can take great pride in knowing the First District is home to such a dedicated and selfless group of people. On behalf of my constituents, I wish the Nehemiah Project all the best in its future endeavors. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. FLORES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and celebrate Rapoport Academy’s 20 year milestone of educating economically disadvantaged students in Waco, Texas. Rapoport Academy focuses on serving its student population by providing an exceptional education that prepares them for college, career, and life. It is an honor to represent Rapoport Academy, as well as its staff, students, and families in the U.S. House of Representatives. Under the leadership of Dr. Nancy Grayson, East Waco Innovative School Development, Inc., now known as Rapoport Academy, was awarded a charter by the Texas State Board of Education in March 1998. The Academy opened as a public charter school in the fall of 1998 for prekindergarten through second grade. The school has since expanded in both size and grade levels, and currently has over 850 students enrolled. In 2003, middle school classes were added, and in 2006, the Academy was awarded a second charter to develop a high school. The high school was awarded both the Texas Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (T–STEM), and the Texas Early College High School (ECHS) designations as part of the Texas High School Project through the Communities Foundation of Texas, which is funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Michael and Susan Dell Foundation. For 20 years, Rapoport Academy has followed six core values: Respect, Responsibility, Integrity, Curiosity, Creativity and Hard Work. The staff, teachers, and students at the Academy are committed to these values, and they encourage one another to strive for them. Mr. Speaker, please join me in commemorating Rapoport Academy for reaching this noteworthy 20year milestone while preparing students to reach their full potential, discover their passions, embrace diversity, and become independent thinkers. I have requested that a United States flag be flown over the United States Capitol to honor Rapoport Academy’s 20th anniversary. 
I urge all Americans to continue praying for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us from external threats, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize National Health Center Week and commend Community Health Centers for their important role in America’s health care system. For over 50 years, Community Health Centers have provided highquality, affordable, comprehensive primary and preventive health care in our nation’s underserved communities, delivering value to, and having a significant impact on, our health care system. Today, Community Health Centers serve as primary care for more than 27 million Americans in rural and urban areas. Often, these Health Centers are the only accessible and dependable source of primary care in their communities. In Pennsylvania, Community Health Centers serve more than 800,000 patients at more than 300 sites every year. In Pittsburgh alone, there are seven different Health Center organizations that serve over 44,000 patients at 33 delivery sites, including mobile health clinics. These Health Centers provide access to a variety of primary care services such as vision, oral, and behavioral health, as well as preventative care services for chronic illnesses such as diabetes, asthma, heart and lung disease, cancer, and HIV/ AIDS. Community Health Centers also help the American economy by generating $24 billion in savings for our health care system annually. Their facilities offer care for patients outside of the emergency rooms and hospitals which place a greater financial burden on our health care system. Health Centers also generate $45.6 billion in economic impact in areas with slower economic growth and employ more than 200,000 physicians, nurses, and staff across the country. Congress has spent a great part of the past year debating the future of our nation’s health care system. Despite uncertainty about the Affordable Care Act and instability surrounding our health care markets, Community Health Centers have remained a core source of care for lowincome Americans and underserved populations. It is with their help that we can make affordable, highquality healthcare accessible for all Americans regardless of geography, income, and insurance status. It is also with their help that we will overcome our nation’s most pressing health crises such as the opioid epidemic, public health threats, and care for veterans. I encourage all Americans to observe National Health Center Week by visiting their local Health Centers, learning about their services, and thanking the Health Center staff in their communities. I believe the best way to recognize National Health Center Week is to support full funding for Community Health Centers and to advocate for programs which help patients to access their services. I will continue to support Community Health Centers and I hope my colleagues will join me. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, August 17, 2018 Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the 120 years of service that Penngrove Community Church has provided to Penngrove, California and our surrounding community. The Penngrove Community Church started in 1897 when the Thompson brothers came to hold revival meetings. After conducting church meetings in the Eagle School building, a church was eventually built half a mile from Penngrove. In 1910, the church was moved closer to town and placed on its current site on Oak Street. In 1937, the church changed its denominational affiliation to Congregational Church and adopted the name it has today. In the 1950s, Penngrove Community Church was affiliated with the United Church of Christ and later, became the independent community church that it is today. Penngrove Community Church has several local missions and remains deeply involved in our community. The Redwood Gospel Mission provides homeless shelters, facilitates food drives and holds school supply drives for children. The Intervarsity Christian Fellowship, which is affiliated with the Penngrove Community Church, serves students at Santa Rosa Junior College and Sonoma State University. The church is also affiliated with Mt. Gilead Bible Camp and Conference Center. Penngrove Community Church is a member of City Ministries of Petaluma, a nonprofit informal prayer group. Penngrove Community Church is a host for Committee On The Shelterless, a nationally recognized program that provides living space for homeless families with children and helps them secure housing. The church holds an after school bible study at Penngrove School and holds an Annual Women’s Tea and an Annual Aebleskiver Breakfast. They also assist with the Penngrove Social Firemen with an annual gift giving to needy families in the community. The church donates to Partners International Harvest of Hope, a mission to provide a practical solution to poverty in some of the poorest nations in the world. Mr. Speaker, Penngrove Community Church is an important pillar in our community. It is therefore fitting and proper that we honor its 120th anniversary here today. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, August 20, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 3 public bills, H.R. 6672–6674, were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Poe (TX) to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Rev. Gary Studniewski, St. Peter’s Catholic Church, Washington, DC.
Quorum Calls—Votes: There were no yeaandnay votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 9:03 a.m. Committee Meetings 
Senate No meetings/hearings scheduled. House No hearings are scheduled. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, August 20 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 6157, Department of Defense Appropriations Act, and vote on or in relation to McConnell (for Menendez/Murkowski) Amendment No. 3705 (to Amendment No. 3695), and McConnell (for Fischer) Amendment No. 3706 (to Amendment No. 3695), at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12:30 p.m., Tuesday, August 21 
Program for Tuesday: House will meet in Pro Forma session at 12:30 p.m. 
HOUSE Bergman, Jack, Mich., E1159, E1161 Beyer, Donald S., Jr., Va., E1157, E1160 Buck, Ken, Colo., E1160 Costa, Jim, Calif., E1160 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E1162 Flores, Bill, Tex., E1161 Gottheimer, Josh, N.J., E1155 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1156, E1158 Keating, William R., Mass., E1157 Luetkemeyer, Blaine, Mo., E1159 Meng, Grace, N.Y., E1158 Perry, Scott, Pa., E1161 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1157, E1158, E1160 Sablan, Gregorio Kilili Camacho, Northern Mariana Islands, E1157 Sewell, Terri A., Ala., E1155 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E1156, E1159 Thompson, Mike, Calif., E1161, E1162 Torres, Norma J., Calif., E1159 Valadao, David G., Calif., E1155 