Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, 1 week ago, BARBARA LEEand T OMCOLEsent a letter to the Speaker of the House that was signed by 100 Members of Congress, including myself, asking the Speaker to authorize the committees of jurisdiction to bring an AUMF—that is an Authorization for Use of Military Force—so that we can have a debate. The last time we had a policy debate on Afghanistan was 2001, 17 years ago. I have been on the floor for the last 5 years because I am frustrated that we can’t get a debate. It is our constitutional duty. And our young men and women are around the world in different locations, half we don’t even know about, yet we can’t debate an issue of war when young men and women go and die for this country. That 5 years included calling on John Boehner to authorize an AUMF. Now we are calling on PAULRYAN. I think my name has been on 15 letters going back to the days of John Boehner. In the 17 years, we have spent over $1 trillion, over 2,300 Americans have died, and over 20,000 wounded; yet we in Congress are not meeting our constitutional responsibility. I have Camp Lejeune in my district. I have talked to many Active Duty marines who have been there five, six, seven times. It is so chaotic now, that the Russians are working with Karzai and trying to get back in with the Taliban. It is a nowin situation. It is time to have a debate and let Members vote whether they want to stay or come home. Mr. Speaker, to make things worse than ever, on February 15, Pamela Constable wrote an article in The Washington Post titled, ‘‘Taliban appeals to American people to ‘rationally’ rethink war effort.’’ They are our enemy, but it is not bad advice, to be honest with you. Pamela Constable mentions many portions of a longer letter written by the Taliban to the United States. I have a copy of this article and I read it yesterday. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the article written by Pamela Constable. 
[From the Washington Post, Feb. 14, 2018] TALIBAN APPEALS TO AMERICAN PEOPLE TO  ‘RATIONALLY ’ RETHINK WAREFFORT  (By Pamela Constable) KABUL .—Taliban insurgents on Wednesday issued an extraordinary, 17,000word appeal to the ‘‘American people,’’ asking them to pressure U.S. officials to end the 16yearold conflict in Afghanistan and asserting that the protracted American ‘‘occupation’’ had brought only death, corruption and drugs to the impoverished country. The letter, whose authenticity was confirmed by a brief telephone conversation with insurgent spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid, was primarily aimed at a U.S. audience. Unlike previous statements issued by the Taliban, it used statistics and logical arguments—not just ideological harangues—to convince Americans that their government’s investment in the war has been a dire mistake. ‘‘Prolonging the war in Afghanistan and maintaining American troop presence is neither beneficial for America nor for anyone else,’’ the document said, calling on U.S. citizens, legislators and others to ‘‘read this letter prudently’’ and evaluate the costs and benefits of continuing to fight. ‘‘Stubbornly seeking the protraction of this war;’’ it added, ‘‘will have ‘‘dreadful consequences’’ for the region and the ‘‘stability of America herself.’’ The letter, sent under the banner of ‘‘The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan,’’ was issued just weeks after a blitz of deadly insurgent attacks in the Afghan capital have left the government struggling to cope with increased public anxiety and anger. It also came as the Trump administration is ramping up a new military strategy, involving thousands of additional troops, to expand the Afghan security forces and train them to defend their country independently. While insisting that ‘‘our preference is to solve the Afghan issue through peaceful dialogues,’’ the letter also warned that Taliban forces ‘‘cannot be subdued by sheer force’’ and that seeking a peaceful solution does not mean ‘‘that we are exhausted or our will has been sapped.’’ This combination of outreach and threat has been a hallmark of Taliban statements, including a shorter one issued shortly after the spate of attacks last month that killed more than 150 people in urban population centers. The insurgent group has said it would not revive peace talks unless foreign troops leave the country, and it has rejected feelers from the administration of President Ashraf Ghani. A spokesman for Ghani, Shah Hussain Murtazawi, responded sharply to the letter, saying, ‘‘We never negotiate with groups who resort to crime and the brutal killing of people and then claim responsibility for it. The door of peace is shut to them, but the door of peace is open to those groups who have expressed their hatred for such crimes.’’ The letter’s talking points included a list of goals that the U.S. government had set out to achieve in entering the war, including eliminating terrorism, establishing the rule of law and eradicating drugs. It then systematically presented arguments, backed up with international statistics but also exaggerated for effect, to show that these efforts had failed or had extremely negative consequences. ‘‘As confirmed by your own military authorities, 3546 American and foreign soldiers have been killed, more than 20,000 American forces injured and tens of thousands more are suffering mentally,’’ the letter said, asserting that the actual casualty figures were much higher but were being ‘‘concealed’’ by U.S. leaders. The casualty figures track with those provided by the U.S. military. A second argument said reports by the U.S. Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghan Reconstruction estimated that ‘‘sixty percent of Afghan territory is now under the control of Taliban.’’ The figure is actually much lower, but the inspector general and other agencies have said that insurgents control or influence more territory than at any previous time in the war and that the area continues to widen. The letter also said that there had been 751 U.S. airstrikes in September, which appears to be an accurate figure. ‘‘You should ask your generals that despite using such force, 
have you retaken even a single inch of land from the Taliban,’’ the letter suggested. A third assertion was that previous U.S. administrations had cited the ‘‘prevention and eradication of narcotics’’ as a justification to ‘‘invade’’ Afghanistan, an inaccurate claim. But the letter correctly cited figures from the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime showing that opium poppy cultivation has ‘‘skyrocketed’’ in the 16 years since the military intervention and that the number of Afghan drug addicts has reached more than 3 million. The overall message of these arguments was that the American people should make a ‘‘rational’’ assessment of the war effort, realize that it is backfiring and prevail upon their leaders to withdraw. ‘‘You proclaim to be a developed and civilized nation,’’ the letter said. ‘‘We leave it to your judgment to decide’’ whether the prevailing conditions of ‘‘insecurity, chaos’’ and soaring drug problems in Afghanistan constitute ‘‘reforms or crimes against humanity.’’ 
Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, it is ironic because many of us in the House of Representatives do think and would agree with the Taliban: It is time to rethink the policy in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, I must have at least 35 or 40 posters that I have been using on the floor of the House for the last number of years. This one is of a woman who lost her husband, in tears, and the little baby girl sitting in her lap. She doesn’t know why there is a man in a uniform kneeling before her mother with a folded flag. There is just so much that we are missing as Members of Congress because we won’t debate the war in Afghanistan. Afghanistan is a graveyard of empires. I think one day that Afghan graveyard is going to have a headstone that says, ‘‘USA,’’ because we are going broke trying to fix a country that couldn’t care less about our values and our system. But that is the way it works around here. You can’t even get a debate on sending young men and women to die for this country. Mr. Speaker, I ask Mr. RYAN to please let us have this debate. Members of Congress in both parties want to debate. You can vote for staying in Afghanistan, or you can vote for getting out of Afghanistan, but let us meet our constitutional responsibility. I ask God to bless our men and women in uniform, and God to bless America. 
YABUCOA AND VIEQUES, PUERTO RICO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) for 5 minutes. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, as we speak today, the people of Puerto Rico continue to suffer. Currently, 200,000 families and businesses, 16 percent of the island, remain without power. That is not 6 days after the hurricane or 6 weeks. We are talking about 6 months. For those still without power in Puerto Rico, they are now living through the longest blackout in modern history. While parts of the island are recovering, it is the rural, farflung portions of the island that continue to suffer the most and where aid has been slowest to reach. For example, if you go to my hometown of Yabucoa, where Hurricane Maria made landfall, it looks like the hurricane struck yesterday. Twothirds of the residents living there are without electricity. For decades, Yabucoa’s baseball stadium stood as an important symbol of that town’s community. The people there love baseball, and the stadium was a community anchor, a symbol of the town and its people. Those who live in Yabucoa are proud of their baseball diamond, as this town fielded Puerto Rico’s team in the 2017 Junior League World Series. Today, the baseball stadium sits empty, now a symbol of how the people of Yabucoa struggle daily to survive. Meanwhile, basic services are hard to come by, with hospitals relying on generators to provide lifesaving treatment. Older, rural parts of Puerto Rico continue to suffer immensely. Thirty miles east of Yabucoa’s coast sits the island of Vieques. As an island off an island, Vieques also has been neglected, waiting for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to restore power. Just a few weeks ago, I was there and I saw this on the road: power poles dangling from electric wires, just waiting to snap. Can you imagine seeing that in the mainland United States? Again, this is not 1 week or 2 weeks after the hurricane. It is close to 6 months later. Meanwhile, the island’s connection to the main power grid has been cut off, and some workers think it will take years to fully restore the undersea cables. Those are just two towns in a commonwealth of 3.3 million American citizens, but all across Puerto Rico there are rural areas that have been hit hard and are still suffering today. We cannot afford to forget what has happened there. These are fellow American citizens. For 120 years they have fought, shed blood, and died in our wars, defending our freedoms. Now they need our help to recover from a humanitarian crisis. I implore my colleagues, we must not forget Puerto Rico. We must allocate additional aid and help. We must rebuild Puerto Rico stronger and better than ever before. Until we do, we will be failing the people of Puerto Rico, we will be failing our fellow Americans. f 
SEE SOMETHING, SAY SOMETHING The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, last night, 406 of my colleagues and I voted to pass the STOP School Violence Act and the Securing Our Schools Act. As a father of four, when I dropped each of my kids off at Jefferson Elementary School in Great Bend, Kansas, I felt confident that they were going to have a safe place where they could learn and grow; but, today, we have seen time and time again that we need to revisit how we are protecting our children. The STOP School Violence Act will train students, teachers, faculty, and local law enforcement on ways to identify threats and report them. It goes back to the message we have been relaying for ages: see something, say something. b1015 This bill recognizes that sometimes our children and educators often do not have the training to spot some of the warning signs, and that is why it is critical that we provide training so students and personnel can recognize and report threats before they occur. We also looked at ways to better our reporting process so that, when a threat is made, we have an effective way to log and intervene. To do so, this bill provides funding for States to upgrade their technology and develop an anonymous reporting system through a mobile app, hotline, and website. Not only does it allocate funds for violence, prevention training, and modernize our reporting protocols, it also allocates funds to improve school security equipment. The STOP School Violence Act, coupled last night with the Securing Our Schools Act, grants funds for schools to install panic buttons and further hardening and protection of our schools. These are steps forward that approach the issue of school safety from several angles, and I am proud to have cosponsored both pieces of legislation. I want to make sure that my message to everyone back home today is clear. The House of Representatives is listening, and our school grounds should no longer be soft targets. After last night’s vote, the STOP School Violence Act and the Securing Our Schools Act joins the Fix NICS Act that has been waiting on a vote from the Senate since last December. Fix NICS would strengthen background checks and close critical loopholes. Today I urge my friends in the Senate to pass these bills so that our Nation’s schools and children can be safer. RECOGNIZING RESILIENCY OF KANSANS  
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, as droughts continue to worsen across Kansas, now impacting all 105 counties, we are again at the point of seeing wildfires whip across the State of Kansas. While so far none of them have come close to the size of last year’s Starbuck fire, there is reason to be concerned. Today I want to recognize the resiliency of Kansans who have been coming together to help neighbors and strangers alike, as well as soldiers from 
the Kansas National Guard. These guardsmen work in cooperation with local firefighters and emergency personnel to combat fires and save people, property, and animals. I stand today to commend their hard work and thank them for their service. These fires are a stark reminder of the devastation created by wildfires last year and provide a reminder of the importance in standing together in the face of difficulties. 
RECOGNIZING PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN WASHINGTON’S SEVENTH DISTRICT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. JAYAPAL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of our wonderful public schools across the country. Every child, Mr. Speaker, has the right to pursue opportunity, and through our public schools our country makes that opportunity a reality every day. Education imparts practical and invaluable skills that kids carry with them for the rest of their lives, teaches our children to become engaged members of our society and our democracy, and public education is a great equalizer, having remained a means of mobility for generations of families. I know this firsthand, Mr. Speaker. I came to the United States when I was 16 years old by myself to go to college and take advantage of all the opportunities that an American education had to offer. For much of our Nation’s history, our public schools have served this essential purpose of helping students and their families to thrive. And public schools, which serve all students, regardless of who they are, are the only institutions where the vast majority of our kids can access these benefits. It is those schools and the teachers, professionals, and staff who serve in them—and I use ‘‘serve’’ very deliberately, because it is a service to be in our public schools, where teachers could earn so much more elsewhere but choose to be in the public schools because that is the place where they can help the most kids. It is those schools and those amazing successes in my own district that I want to celebrate today. Monserrat is a teacher at Concord International Elementary School where almost 80 percent of the students are from lowincome families and more than half are English language learners. Last year, Monserrat created a writing lesson using both Spanish and English. Before this lesson, most of the kids wrote at a kindergarten or a first grade level, but by the end of that lesson, every single one of her students was able to write a complex complete sentence. And over the next year Monserrat’s second graders became ambassadors for Concord International, giving tours of their school in both Spanish and English. It is clear that her investment in her students opened doors to achievement for these Seattle public school students. Another story comes from Shorewood High School in Shoreline, Washington. Emily, a leader on her school’s robotics team, wasn’t interested in STEM until she got to high school because no one encouraged her to pursue it when she was younger. It wasn’t until she learned about the lack of representation of women and girls in STEM that she realized that something needed to change. And last summer, Emily launched the Full STEAM Ahead Club, an all girls’ mentoring group that encourages middle school girls to pursue science, technology, engineering, arts, and math. The youth mentors showed girls how important it is to engage in STEM fields early, and they work every day to expand girls’ perceptions of what they can achieve, which is to say, anything. And at Evergreen High School, a youthled group called FEEST is working to combat food injustice in public schools. One of their campaigns recently made waves when youth leaders created the first student advisory committee with the district’s nutrition services director. They provided the director with feedback on how to increase fresh and culturally relevant food items on school menus. And last month, they successfully got one of the recipes they created onto the district menu. Through their work, these young people have developed relationships with their classmates, with decisionmakers at the school district level, and they are building power and using their own innate intelligence about the issues that matter to create change in their schools and communities. Mr. Speaker, I share these stories today to highlight how critical public schools are to my constituents and all Members. And as Members of Congress, we have a responsibility to ensure that we continue supporting our public schools. For example, public money should go to public schools. It should not be used to bankroll private entities and corporations that don’t deliver excellent, inclusive, equitable instruction. Our public schools are under attack right now from the Secretary of Education and the Trump administration. Our public schools and public money should not be used to generate a profit. And teachers, Mr. Speaker, should be teaching and not carrying guns to try to protect their students. As tens of thousands of students across our country and here in the capital have rallied and called for attention to safety in our public schools by passing sensible gun reform legislation, Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, this body has yet to address the issue of guns and safety in our schools and in our classrooms. And if we want to support education for our kids, we should make sure that they have the right to live. That is what we are talking about: kids who go to sleep at night wondering if they are going to cower in the corners of their classrooms the next day because somebody has a gun because Congress has not done our job. The Trump administration and Secretary DeVos have demonstrated that they want to make sure that the money is what prevails. And, Mr. Speaker, today as we honor our public schools, we also need to honor the responsibility of Congress to protect our students and protect our public education. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF ANDREW KISTLER The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARSHALL ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today in Franklin, Pennsylvania, an American hero will be laid to rest. Mr. Andrew A. Kistler, past commander of the Disabled American Veterans, died on March 9 in Erie, Pennsylvania. He was 88 years old. Andy Kistler was a tireless advocate for disabled veterans not only in Pennsylvania, but nationally. A Korean war veteran who was almost mortally wounded Christmas week in 1952, he lost both of his legs, a finger, and a concussion put him into a deep coma. Mr. Speaker, I would like to share with you the words of the late Korean war medic and journalist Chris Farlekas. He helped save Andy Kistler, a 21yearold baseball player from Franklin who arrived at the 11th Evacuation Hospital for care. I quote from this letter: ‘‘The ward was crammed with casualties, and every helicopter that landed outside the tent brought even more. The doctor said Andy was too far gone, that he would die. ‘‘But something inside me said no. ‘‘I still don’t completely understand my ferocity in needing Andy to live. Maybe it was because I’d seen so much death already in the 4 months that I’d been in the war, holding frightened, dying young men as they talked about home. Andy was my test case with God. If he lived, I’d believe. If not, tough. ‘‘So for 3 days I sat with Andy, willing him to live. ‘‘On Christmas Eve, several of the nurses, doctors, and corpsmen went through the 11th Evac, singing Christmas carols. At exactly midnight, they came to the shock ward and sang ‘Silent Night.’ It may have sounded a little ragged, offpitch, but to me it was absolutely beautiful, angelic. ‘‘As I listened, Andy came out of the coma, opened his eyes, grabbed my hand, and softly sang, ‘All is calm, all is bright.’ The doctors said it was a miracle.’’ Andy and Chris spoke about that glorious moment in the PBS documentary, ‘‘Korean War Stories,’’ produced in 2002. 
Andy, a double amputee, went on to be a major force for the American veterans as head of the Disabled American Veterans, a nonprofit that provides a lifetime of support for veterans and their families. With almost 1,300 chapters and more than a million members across the country, DAV empowers our Nation’s heroes and their families by helping to provide the resources they need and ensuring our Nation keeps the promises that were made to them. Mr. Speaker, Andy said he sometimes found himself humming or singing ‘‘Silent Night’’ in odd moments, ‘‘like when I’m shaving,’’ he told Chris. I know that as friends and family say goodbye to a true American hero today in Franklin, all is calm, all is bright. May God bless Andy Kistler, whose service to this Nation will be long remembered, and may he rest in peace. 
HONORING THE NATION’S TEACHERS DURING PUBLIC SCHOOL WEEK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. LANCE ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our Nation’s dedicated teachers during this year’s Public School Week. When I think back to my teachers in public school, one in particular stands out: Ms. Eleanor Ball, my eighth grade English teacher. In addition to instilling in me a love and respect for the English language, she was a teacher who went above and beyond the call of duty and gave each of us youngsters a sense of confidence to face the challenges that would lie ahead in our society. But who are the Ms. Balls of today? Perhaps they are like Cristina Stout, a 4th grade teacher at Leading Creek Elementary School in Gilmer County, West Virginia. Ms. Stout is known for her compassion for her students. She often buys school supplies and winter coats for kids whose families can’t afford them. One year she gave up every lunch break, every day, so that just one of her students who suffers with a sensory issue could eat in her classroom with her and avoid the overstimulating cafeteria. Most days, she stays late to tutor students who need the extra care, help, and assistance to ensure that they don’t fall behind. These are just two of countless examples of our Nation’s teachers going above and beyond the call of duty every day across America. To Ms. Ball, Ms. Stout, and teachers everywhere, we thank you, from the bottom of our hearts. 
HONORING JOE ORGILL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember Joel Orgill, a friend of mine and a great west Tennessean who passed away this week at the age of 80. Joe was a lifelong Memphian who inspired so many with his business prowess, his strong faith, and, most importantly, his kindness and commitment to giving back to his community. Through the years, Joe was always very nice to me and offered great advice and counsel. Like most Memphians, I knew Joe as an astute businessman who started in the family business as a salesman and worked his way up to president and chairman of the board. Joe played a major role in growing Orgill, Inc., the company as it is known today, into one of the largest hardware distributors of its kind in the entire world and the longest running business in Memphis history. Joe Orgill was a real titan in the hardware industry. Besides leading one of the major privately held companies in the Memphis area, Joe was a real people person. He had the rare ability to connect and to interact with people of all types and, more importantly, treated everyone the same way. But much more importantly, Joe was a philanthropist who always gave back to his community. Joe Orgill dedicated an incredible amount of his time and resources to charitable organizations throughout the Midsouth: the United Way, Meals on Wheels, Church Health Center, Rhodes College, the Dixon Gallery and Gardens, and many more. I mentioned Meals on Wheels. Joe took great pleasure in stopping whatever he was doing, whatever meetings, to personally deliver these meals to those most needy. To me, that really personifies Joe Orgill. But most importantly, Joe enjoyed spending time with his family. Roberta and I send our condolences to Joe’s wife, Irene, as well as his four daughters—Adele, Irene, Anne, and Kate—and to the entire family. While we mourn the loss of Joe, I know that his spirit lives on in his wonderful family and in the Memphis community, and I have no doubt that Joe Orgill’s legacy will inspire generations to come. f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. JENKINS of Kansas) at noon. PRAYER Reverend Dom Elias M. Carr, All Saints Regional Catholic School, Glen Cove, New York, offered the following prayer: O God, beyond all praising, source of light, sustainer of life, significance of liberty, we come before You. With hearts filled with wonder, we thank You for every gift You send, for blessings without number, and mercies without end. Turn to us as we lift our hearts before You, and wait upon Your word, honoring and adoring You, our good and gracious Lord. Then hear us, O God, accepting the love we bring, that we, who know Your favor, may serve You, our unimaginable king. Look kindly upon these Representatives and their staffs, showering upon them the spirit of wisdom, charity, and justice. And whether our tomorrows be filled with good or ill, let us triumph through our sorrows and rise to bless You still: to marvel at Your beauty and glory in Your ways and make a joyful duty our sacrifice of praise. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House her approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. SUOZZI led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DOM ELIAS M. CARR The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from New York (Mr. SUOZZI ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. SUOZZI. Madam Speaker, I am here to welcome Father Elias to the Chamber. He is from my hometown of the city of Glen Cove. Father Elias, as was mentioned, is a canon regular of St. Augustine from Klosterneuburg, Austria, and he and three of his colleagues from Klosterneuburg have been assigned to my parish, St. Rocco’s, and our neighboring parish of St. Patrick’s since 2011. He is joined here today by his parents as well as his brother, who is also a priest, Father Richard from Annandale, Virginia. 
I just wanted to say that we are so honored to have him here today. He has made such a dramatic difference in our community, along with his colleagues, Father Daniel, Father Ambrose, and Father Gabriel; and a great difference in my family’s life as well. We are so grateful to you for your service to our community and to your faith, and to our faith, and for making such a difference in our lives. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WALBERG. Madam Speaker, as I travel to each corner of my district, I hear from workers and families who are optimistic about the new tax cut law and what it means for their pocketbooks. There is a momentum in our economy, and the latest jobs report from February is another piece of positive news. Last month, the economy added 313,000 jobs, far exceeding expectations; the unemployment rate remained at a 17year low for the fifth consecutive month; and labor force participation increased by more than 800,000 workers, the biggest surge in 15 years. Earlier this week, the National Federation of Independent Business released a survey that found smallbusiness owners’ confidence in the economy is soaring, and they are prepared to hire and raise wages without a government mandate. Imagine that. Madam Speaker, these are encouraging signs that our policies of reducing excessive red tape and cutting taxes are working. Let’s build on these results and continue to advance solutions that improve the lives of the people we represent. 
CELEBRATING 20TH ANNIVERSARY OF GOOD FRIDAY AGREEMENT (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Madam Speaker, this weekend, Irish Americans will celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with parades and parties of every level of exuberance, including in my hometown of Buffalo, New York. Buffalo’s St. Patrick’s Day celebration is one of the most spirited in America. This year is a special celebration as it marks the 20year anniversary of peace in Northern Ireland. The 1998 Good Friday Agreement brought peace to Catholics and Protestants after 700 years of armed conflict. This peace belongs to the people of Northern Ireland and to the world. Sinn Fein leaders Gerry Adams and the late Martin McGuinness, along with the Democratic Unionist Party’s Reverend Ian Paisley took a courageous step no one believed was possible 20 years ago. They denounced violence and committed themselves to a peaceful powersharing and reconciliation to live in peace together. Madam Speaker, let this St. Patrick’s Day and the 20th anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement stand as a shining light of hope for a gentler America and a more peaceful world. f 
CIVIL WAR IN SYRIA (Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Madam Speaker, I rise today to shine light on the ongoing tragedy in Syria. Today marks 7 years of civil war in Syria, 7 years of indiscriminate killing of women and children, 7 years of intermittent chemical attacks on civilians by the Assad regime, 7 years of bombings, of people thrown out of their homes, of children whose youth has been stolen from them. The ongoing tragedy in eastern Ghouta is just the most recent of horrific events perpetrated by the Assad regime and their Iranianbacked militia. The White Helmets group reports that 800 civilians have been killed in the past 2 weeks as the Assad regime continues to pound the rebelheld area, despite the ongoing humanitarian ceasefire. The blatant disregard regime forces have for civilian life is nothing short of despicable. We must continue to be engaged in efforts to support the Syrian Democratic Forces and other allies that believe in a free, democratic, and independent Syria. Without U.S. leadership, the carnage will continue and we will be left with meaningless U.N. resolutions. We must stand with our allies to stop this devastating carnage that is tearing apart families and ruining countless lives. 
HONORING DEPUTY DAVID LEE’SEAN MANNING (Mr. BUTTERFIELD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Madam Speaker, it is with sadness that I rise today to honor the life and work of a young 24yearold deputy sheriff from Edgecombe County, North Carolina, who was tragically killed during a traffic stop in his community on Sunday, March 11, 2018. Deputy David Lee’Sean Manning lost his life when his patrol vehicle crashed while engaged in the traffic stop. The elected sheriff of Edgecombe County, my friend, Sheriff Clee Atkinson, informed me that this loss has resulted in tremendous sadness for the Manning family and the entire law enforcement community, an emotion that we all certainly understand. On behalf of the United States House of Representatives and the 750,000 citizens of North Carolina’s First Congressional District, we honor the life and service of Deputy David Lee’Sean Manning. May God continue to embrace David’s biological family, embrace his law enforcement family in the weeks and months to come, and give them the solace that they need to continue with their lives. f 
PUBLIC SCHOOLS WEEK (Mr. LANCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. LANCE. Madam Speaker, I rise in honor of Public Schools Week to recognize the incredible work in public education done every day in every State in our Union. I have the honor of representing some of the finest public schools in the Nation. This did not happen by accident. Our public schools lead the country because of the tremendous work of our public educators. I attended public schools, I respect our teachers, and I proudly support our public schools here in Congress. I know the work of educators can be difficult, but the life of a teacher is a vocation, not an occupation. Educators give their lives in service to future generations of leaders, thinkers, writers, doctors, scientists, and visionaries. We need teachers, and we need the public education system to remain strong in the United States. Public schools are where our students realize their talents and their potential. We need good educators to continue offering encouragement and advice and to be champions and mentors. Let us celebrate this Public Schools Week by thanking the teachers and educators in our lives. 
PUTTING PENSIONS BACK ON SOLID GROUND (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Madam Speaker, many pension plans across America are on the brink of failure and threatened by massive cuts. If nothing is done, 200 multiemployer plans are projected to fail, many within the next 10 years, and the impacts will be felt by Americans in every State in our country. Cuts to these pensions would be economically devastating for 1.5 million people who have earned their livings as carpenters, truck drivers, iron and steel workers, bricklayers, and painters. They paid into these plans. After a lifetime of hard work, they deserve to retire with dignity and peace of mind. 
If these plans fail, taxpayers could have to pay billions of dollars if the Federal Government’s Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation fails. That is why Democrats have proposed A Better Deal to save our pensions that provides financing to put failing pension plans back on solid ground to ensure that they can meet their commitments to retirees today and workers for decades to come, prevents a single dollar of cuts to benefits retirees have earned, and it puts safeguards in place so that pension plans remain strong in order to be there for today’s workers when they retire. We need to bring these proposals to the floor so we can work together to protect the pensions that American workers have earned. 
CELEBRATING FIVE GENERATIONS AND 125 YEARS OF VARNS AND HOOVER HARDWARE (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Madam Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Varns and Hoover Hardware, which has been a fixture in the Middlebury community for more than 125 years. The success and longevity of this familyowned business lies in the family’s dedication to serving their neighbors and providing highquality products with a friendly smile. Small businesses like this are the backbone of the American economy, and it is a privilege to represent a family so devoted to the prosperity of their community for so many years. To honor Varns and Hoover Hardware is to honor what it means to achieve the American Dream. With ownership now being passed down to the fifth generation family member, Nathan Miller, I am grateful to be able to recognize such a pivotal moment in the history of this Hoosier family, their small business, and the community that they serve. Madam Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in congratulating Varns and Hoover Hardware and in wishing them the best in all the years to come. 
REMEMBERING BOB BANUELOS (Mr. CORREA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CORREA. Madam Speaker, I rise in honor of a remarkable member of my staff and a remarkable member of my community, Bob Banuelos, who passed away suddenly last week. Bob spent over 30 years working for the people of Orange County. Before joining my team, he also worked for my predecessor, Congresswoman Loretta Sanchez. Bob had deep roots in our community. He grew up on a small family farm in Fountain Valley and was a longtime member of the Orange County political environment. Bob worked for the less fortunate throughout his community, and he was a friend to everybody he met. Bob was also the first Native American candidate to run for Congress in Orange County in 1992, and he came close to winning. He changed Orange County politics forever. I am saddened by his passing. He devoted his life to making Orange County a better place for everybody to live. We will all miss him, and we will never forget him. f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF MONTANA MEN’S BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Montana men’s basketball team for an outstanding season and to wish them success in the 2018 NCAA Tournament. The Grizzlies were regular season champions of the Big Sky Conference, going 16 to 2 in conference play. Last weekend, the squad won the Big Sky Tournament. They begin their journey in the NCAA Tournament tonight with a firstround game in Wichita, Kansas. The Grizzlies will be strong contenders. Their defense is relentless, leading the Big Sky Conference this year. Every player on the floor contributes to their offense. They represent the spirit of Montana. Congratulations also to Montana head coach Travis DeCuire, who was named Coach of the Year in the Big Sky Conference. In his fourth season at the helm, he guided the Grizzlies to a 26–7 record and their first NCAA Tournament appearance since 2013. I know the folks in the Treasure State will join me in saying: ‘‘Up With Montana.’’ 
b1215 GUN VIOLENCE (Mr. SCHNEIDER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SCHNEIDER. Madam Speaker, yesterday marked 1 month since the gunman at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School cut short the lives of 17 students and teachers. These tragedies have become so common that the response of this Congress is practically routine: thoughts and prayers are offered, moments of silence held, and then we move on with no specific action on gun violence. Madam Speaker, this is not enough. We need to heed the call of thousands of students across the country who organized walkouts and events with a simple message for us: It is time to act. We need to be able to look these students in the eye and say: ‘‘We are doing everything we can to protect you.’’ But for too long, this institution has refused to do just that. We are not considering legislation to pass universal background checks. We have not debated restricting the sale of military assault weapons, bump stocks, and highcapacity magazines, or even lifting the ban on preventing our government from researching gun safety solutions. Yesterday we did pass a bill with important resources for school safety, including a bipartisan provision I introduced with Representative MIKEBOST to help schools install panic buttons. That is an important first step, but really protecting our children is not possible without concrete measures to reduce gun violence. I urge my colleagues to listen to the wisdom of the young people in our districts, and let’s all find the courage to pass sensible gun safety laws and, finally, to save lives. 
HONORING VETERAN HOMER VAUGHN WAGNON, JR. (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Madam Speaker, I rise in memory of Homer Vaughn Wagnon, Jr., a veteran of World War II who left this world on November 29, having ‘‘just satisfied his life’s ambitions,’’ per the obituary provided for him. Mr. Wagnon served our country in the infantry, fighting his way across France, Belgium, Holland, and Germany as he and his fellow members of the Greatest Generation pushed back against tyranny. He continued his service to our country in private business, helping to build a postWorld War II incredible economy as a mechanical engineer. His range of new products included mechanical rubber goods, radio and TV equipment, and items for naval ships and aircraft applications. Mr. Wagnon leaves behind the love of his life, Darlene Raitt Wright, and Wagnon’s 6 children, 11 grandchildren, and 5 greatgrandchildren. His grandson Tariq Bokhari followed his grandfather’s example: In distinction, he now serves as an outstanding member of the Charlotte City Council. Madam Speaker, please join me in expressing condolences to the Wagnon family. 
TRUMP IN SAN DIEGO (Mrs. DAVIS of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. DAVIS of California. Madam Speaker, President Trump was in my hometown of San Diego this week. He went to inspect prototypes for his proposed border wall, a wall California doesn’t want, doesn’t need, and is an overly simplistic approach to a complex issue. 
The President was in San Diego for just a few hours and missed a real opportunity to hear from locals about what Americans in California actually need. Had he taken the time to actually listen, he might have learned how connected Mexico and the United States are and how important the crossborder economy is to our region. He might have learned about our infrastructure needs, about the contributions of our immigrant communities, or the environmental issues facing our region. Instead, he flew 3,000 miles on the taxpayers’ dime for a photoop for his political base, that achieved very little. Something is wrong when a President doesn’t listen to the American people. 
CHEERING ON SETON HALL PIRATES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Madam Speaker, today begins the best time of the year. March Madness is in full effect as of noon today, and I am here to support a team that I have followed for 50 years in college basketball, the Seton Hall Pirates from South Orange, New Jersey. Thirty years ago, Madam Speaker, they played for the championship in the Final Four against a Michigan team and lost by 1 point. Today we have another team that has the potential of going all the way. I would just like to acknowledge the Seton Hall Pirates as they start their journey for a national championship against the North Carolina State Wolfpack and ask that we honor seniors Ismael Sanogo, Khadeen Carrington, Angel Delgado, and Desi Rodriguez as they start their trek. Go, Pirates. 
CALLING FOR FEMA REFORM (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, it is 8 months since Hurricane Harvey devastated parts of the State of Texas and the United States. We are engaged in an assessment, and I will tell you, after 88 people died, people are still in hotels, houses are still in disrepair, and we are still in need. We are a strong State and a resilient city with great leaders who work very hard. But I think it is important that, as we try to recover, we work to restructure FEMA, as we are assessing right now in a hearing, so that we can address the questions that 300plus of my constituents on March 5 in Kashmere Gardens—heavily hit, along with northeast Houston—asked the questions: Why were there so many FEMA denials? Why did the inspectors see 4 inches of rain in your house and it was 4 feet? What is the structure that we can utilize to allow people to come out of hotels and get into housing when they don’t have a down payment or they don’t have the first month’s rent? This is a holistic approach. We need to reform FEMA from the perspective of housing and the Stafford Act. We need to structure FEMA in the rescue part and the recovery part. We need answers, and my constituents need answers now regarding the many, many denials that have stopped them from proceeding with their lives. f 
ORONO HOCKEY CHAMPS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Madam Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Orono High School boys hockey team on winning the Minnesota State championship, their very first State championship in school history. Their win came against Alexandria under the lights in the Xcel Energy Center. Orono took the lead early in the first, but their advantage was very short lived. Alexandria’s Cardinals came back to tie it up in very little time. Despite outshooting the Cardinals 11 to 1 in the second period, Orono just couldn’t connect, which made the winning shot, taken midway through the third period, all the more exciting. Madam Speaker, the student athletes brought home more than just a statewide trophy. They set the example for their classmates because of their work in the classroom and managing other activities. Congratulations again to the coaches, the players, the parents, and all of the fans of the Orono High School boys hockey team. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4061, FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 4293, STRESS TEST IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 780 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the underlying legislation. The rule makes in order two bills reported favorably by the Committee on Financial Services. Both bills were the subject of multiple hearings before the Committee on Financial Services. Each bill was reported favorably by a bipartisan majority without amendment. The rule adopts the only two amendments that were offered to these bills. Madam Speaker, yesterday I had the privilege of being here on the floor debating three financial services bills, and I am back with two more today. Last night, the Senate took a significant step toward joining the House in producing a banking reform bill. The negative impacts of DoddFrank are enough to finally overcome even the Senate’s inertia. 
Last year, the House Republicans passed our own plan to reform our banking system and regulate financial institutions in a smarter way. Ever since DoddFrank became law, our small town and community lenders have been hamstrung by regulations intended for large Wall Street banks. As is usually the case, Washington did not regulate in a manner that focused on bad actors or that differentiated between diverse financing institutions. Instead, Federal regulators stamped out onesizefitsall regulations that have had negative impacts on our local community banks and credit unions. Under the House Republican plan, we correct this wrongheaded approach by forcing regulators to take into account the size and risk profiles of smaller institutions. The Financial CHOICE Act ensures the security of our financial institutions without creating a toobig tofail government support system and encouraging local banks and credit unions to invest in our communities. Over the past few months, we have put various components of the Financial CHOICE Act on the floor in order to demonstrate to the Senate that there is a bipartisan pathway forward on many of our proposals. We continue that effort today. The first bill that is made in order by this rule is H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act. This bill enhances transparency and procedural equity of the nonbank systemically important financial institution designation process. Under DoddFrank, systemically important financial institutions were intended to be large banks whose collapse would bring about enormous financial upheaval; however, in the hands of regulators, certain insurance companies and asset managers were designated as systemically important. This was not Congress’ intent when allowing regulators to designate nonbanks as systemically important. The bill before us today will not roll back the ability of regulators to determine that a large nonbank financial institution is systemically important, but it will ensure the process for designating the nonbank as transparent. It also forces regulators to consider other possible regulatory fixes before designating a nonbank as systemically important. b1230 Well, this is all well and good. But what does this mean for Coloradans and other Americans? In 2014, the life insurer MetLife was designated as a systemically important financial institution by regulators. By 2016, MetLife had prevailed in court and had their designation overturned. What was revealed was how arbitrary and capricious the designation process seemed to be. Regulators never clarified what level of risk would be acceptable, nor did they clearly identify particular types of financial products or business activities that would result in too much risk. So life insurers and others were left wondering how to avoid the important designation. Being designated would not only increase compliance costs and consume resources that could not be invested into the business, it also would have forced the financial company to limit the options they made available to their customers. So we see the vicious cycle of overregulation play out again: less growth and fewer choices. Fortunately, in the case referenced above, the courts stepped in early and halted the process. However, we have the opportunity now to bring about reforms to the designation process that protect Americans from losing access to financial products that serve them well. When we talk about Washington picking winners and losers, look no further than DoddFrank and the systemically important financial institution designation. Let’s put an end to these opaque regulatory decisions and allow light to shine on financial regulators. Madam Speaker, the second bill that this bill makes in order is H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act. The Federal Reserve determines the ability of bank holding companies to withstand certain types of economic turmoil. These determinations have become known as stress tests. These stress tests have become notorious for their vague rules and the secrecy by which the regulators conduct the tests. Bank compliance officers are often stuck trying to figure on what exactly their bank is going to be examined. Banks not only do not know what they are going to be tested on, they often never know what they were tested on after the stress test is conducted. Frankly, technocrat regulators playing ‘‘hide the ball’’ from Americans that they are regulating seems like a system of government wholly unlike our own. A professor from Columbia University testified before the House Committee on Financial Service that: ‘‘It is hard to believe that the stress tests’ current structure could occur in a country like the United States, which prizes the rule of law and adherence to due process.’’ Former Senator Phil Gramm testified before a Senate panel and said the following: ‘‘What does the stress test test? Not only does no one know, but the regulators see that as a virtue. The Fed’s vice chairman has stated that giving banks a clear road map for compliance might make it ‘easier to game the test.’ But isn’t the fact that compliance is easier when you know what the law says the whole point of the rule of law?’’ The Stress Test Improvement Act inserts muchneeded transparency into the testing process. It alters current regulations to make the internal, companyrun test an annual exercise. It also streamlines the number of scenarios on which a bank may be tested, while ensuring that banks are still tested on whether they are able to withstand a seriously adverse scenario. DoddFrank was born out of an effort to prevent another collapse of our financial institutions like we experienced in 2008. Unfortunately, the broad brush stroke regulatory regime that it produced has had many unintended consequences. Hardest hit were our small community banks and credit unions. However, there were also unforeseen negative impacts on larger financial institutions as well. The bills made in order by this rule restructure portions of DoddFrank that have resulted in unreasonable regulation of our financial institutions. They preserve consumer protections while providing the certainty needed to reduce compliance costs and expand the ability of these organizations to provide the best and safest financial services to Americans. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding me the customary 30 minutes for debate. Madam Speaker, today’s bills would roll back important consumer and financial protections by undermining the effectiveness of financial regulators’ ability to conduct important stress tests, create unnecessary hurdles for regulators to contend with in the future, and limit the Federal Reserve Board’s flexibility in determining the health and stability of our financial institutions. Madam Speaker, including these two measures, the Rules Committee will have considered 30 Financial Services bills this Congress, 15 of which were considered under closed rules. Those 15 are part of a much larger closed process that Republican leadership has wielded with brute force to push through the legislative priorities of powerful special interests. Indeed, this week, we witnessed the 73rd closed rule for this Congress, a style of legislating that is as brazen as it is broken. This critique of the majority’s reliance on a closed process is not just some technical point, but, rather, an important one; because when you close out those on your side of the aisle who are not in leadership and those on our side of the aisle from offering amendments, you do not simply silence us, you silence the American people. And what has this process wrought for the American people? Well, let’s take a look. Bear with me because it is a doozy. First, we witnessed the majority—in what I believe was the most chaotic and convoluted process during my 25 years in the House of Representatives— try to take away healthcare from 23 million Americans. 
When they couldn’t get that done, the majority then honed in on a tax giveaway to corporate America and the ultrawealthy not only at the expense of the middle class, but also to the detriment of future generations, as that bill will explode our national debt by an estimated $1.5 trillion over the next 10 years. Just last week, we watched as our Republican friends attacked Clean Air Act protections to give a handout to specified industries to emit more pollution into the air. Is this what my Republican friends were sent here to do: To take away healthcare from millions of people? To remove important environmental protections that keep America’s air and water safe? To limit the amount of stress tests the Federal Reserve Board should run on our biggest financial institutions so that we can avoid another financial meltdown? Footnote right there. If these stress tests are so bothersome to these big old banks, how is it that they are making all of this big old money? They don’t seem to have any hindrance when it comes to sopping up the resources of this country. Madam Speaker, my constituents haven’t been calling me or writing or emailing my office asking that we consider or pass any of the measures the House will consider this week. On the other hand, they have written to my office asking what Republican leadership is going to do about addressing the gun violence epidemic ravaging our country. I was meeting in my office just an hour ago with officials from Tamarac, Florida, and we received an alert that two schools near the Parkland school were on lockdown. My constituents have asked about what Republican leadership will do to ensure that the DACA recipients have a pathway to citizenship. They have asked what Republican leadership will do to address our Nation’s needs for serious and sustained investments in our infrastructure. Unfortunately, the answer is little to nothing. Footnote right there. When I came to this Congress 25 years ago, there were 14,000 bridges in the United States of America in need of a repair. Today, there are 56,000 bridges in this country in need of repair. Madam Speaker, since 2014, there have been over 1,360 mass shootings in America. Let me let that soak in. Since 2014, there have been over 1,360 mass shootings in America. In 2018 alone, nearly 500 teens and over 100 children have been killed or injured by guns. Last month, 14 students and 3 teachers were gunned down at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School by a former student using an AR–15 that he bought legally. And just 2 days ago, American citizens took to the grounds of this Capitol and placed 7,000 pairs of shoes on the front lawn here at the Capitol. Citizens placed a pair of shoes for every child killed by gun violence since the Sandy Hook massacre. Regardless of your views on this subject, please let that number sink in: 7,000 pairs of shoes. Madam Speaker, we should not be considering a bill to reform the Financial Stability Oversight Council. We should not be considering a measure that limits the frequency of stress tests on our financial institutions. What we should be doing is considering a ban on bump stocks. We should be considering a ban on weapons of war. We should be considering protective orders allowing people to petition a court to temporarily remove firearms from an individual in crisis. We should be considering a measure to provide for comprehensive background checks, and maybe this time try not to sabotage it by attaching a controversial concealed carry provision to the measure. Madam Speaker, the Republican majority is also ignoring the plight of 22,000 Dreamers who have lost their protected status since President Trump ended DACA, and the other hundreds of thousands of Dreamers who remain in legal limbo. Every day, 120 of them lose their status. Madam Speaker, 25 times—25 times— House Republicans blocked a vote on the bipartisan Dream Act, which protects innocent Dreamers from this cruel Republican inaction. Every day of inaction on the part of my friends across the aisle means another day that families are needlessly made to live under the threat of being torn apart. Madam Speaker, all across America, our infrastructure is in need of repair and greater investment. Every Member in the House of Representatives likely received a visit from members of the National League of Cities around the United States of America, and every one of them is talking about infrastructure needs. Every one of them. Yet the Republican majority has stalled on presenting a single infrastructure bill. Even President Donald John Trump’s infrastructure plan faces an obstacle: his own budget cuts. President Trump claimed the Federal Government was investing $1.5 trillion to our infrastructure, but, in reality, the White House’s plan actually only proposed $200 billion in Federal funding. At the same time, he proposed slashing critical infrastructure funding to the Department of Transportation by nearly 20 percent, and the Army Corps of Engineers’ budget by 22 percent. How does that work, Madam Speaker? The truth is, it doesn’t. Madam Speaker, we stand here today with a todo list a mile long and an ocean wide. I suggest the following: that we stop being forced to spend our time checking off items on the wish lists of powerful corporate special interests, and we turn to the business of the American people—Republican and Democrat, independent, conservative, and liberal American people. For starters, we could work together to end our country’s gun violence epidemic, bring relief to DACA recipients, and bring thoughtout and serious legislation to the floor that will invest in our infrastructure. b1245 Now, I am sure that my friend is either thinking or likely to say that we are here about financial services measures, and he is correct. That is what these rules call for. But what these rules are about, in the final analysis, is a diversion from things that we know are more critical. Why, then, are we not dealing with prioritized matters that we know that the American people want, rather than those that the corporate greedy, needy, big old businesses want? Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), the sponsor of H.R. 4293. Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) for yielding to me. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of this important rule and in support of the two underlying bipartisan bills that will improve our banking system and help grow our Nation’s economy: H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017; and H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017. These are two essential pieces of legislation that cleared the Committee on Financial Services with bipartisan support. I am the sponsor of the Stress Test Improvement Act, alongside the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), my Democratic colleague. Stress tests are one of the aspects of current law that are contributing to the climate of legal and regulatory uncertainty because the Federal Reserve has failed to provide the necessary transparency around this process. This bipartisan bill will inject transparency, consistency, and fairness into the stress testing process. Without needed reform, rather than ensuring financial stability, the Federal Reserve’s stress tests are likely missing real risks while constraining the competitive flow of financial services that is critical to increasing economic opportunity. While a valuable resource, stress test results may be creating a false sense of security, while at the same time sowing the seeds of financial instability. In order to succeed, a stress test must build from an accurate forecast of the next macroeconomic storm; and even the best forecasts tend to be wrong. This is a bipartisan bill that was amended in the committee markup with unanimous support of every committee member, including the ranking member. The amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT) that we accepted focused 
the bill on core reforms to the stress testing process that will make the rules more transparent, effective, and fair. We are not gutting standards, but making them work for the real world. This bill is a bipartisan team effort to accomplish those goals. So is the other bill covered by this rule, the FSOC Improvement Act. Madam Speaker, I urge adoption of this rule, and I urge the passage of both of these important bills. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, it has been one month since the tragic events at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida. The district that I am privileged to serve is adjacent to that school, and I have two of my remaining cousins in life that live in Parkland, and I live within 30 minutes of where that school is situated. A gunman killed 17 innocent students and teachers. Since that heartbreaking day, Americans from coast to coast have raised their voices and said: Enough is enough. Yesterday, thousands of students from across our country walked out of their classrooms to protest this body’s inaction. Two days ago, as I said earlier, 7,000 empty pairs of children’s shoes were laid on the Capitol lawn to commemorate all the children who have been tragically killed by gun violence since the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting. I might add, not only at schools, but in Nevada, in California, in Texas, in South Carolina, in churches, in Orlando bars, these mass shootings are occurring. People don’t think it is an epidemic. My friends on the other side of the aisle did bring a bill to the floor yesterday that I voted for that was also cojoined by my friend, TEDDEUTCH , whose district is where the Parkland school is. He, too, was involved with that legislation, but it was done to improve school security. Much more needs to be done, and it needs to be done now. So, today, I offer my colleagues yet another opportunity to show the American people that they value their safety and the safety of their children over the lobbying of the National Rifle Association and the gun manufacturers. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up four commonsense gun safety bills: H.R. 4240, the Public Safety and Second Amendment Rights Protection Act; H.R. 3464, the Background Check Completion Act; H.R. 2598, the Gun Violence Restraining Order Act; and H.R. 1478, the Gun Violence Research Act. These bills would close the dangerous gun show and internet sale background check loopholes, prevent the sale of guns without a completed background check, ensure that people who are a danger to themselves or to others can be prevented from possessing a gun, and lift the prohibition on government sponsored scientific research on causes of gun violence. Let me send a message to gun owners in this country. I own a gun. I believe in the Second Amendment. I don’t want anybody to take anybody’s gun; but nobody can persuade me that anybody, other than military and police officers, are deserving of having in their possession automatic weapons. I believe every American feels the same way. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ), my very good friend that I knew before we came to Congress together, and the distinguished assistant Democratic leader. Mr. CLYBURN. Madam Speaker, I thank my good friend for yielding me the time. Madam Speaker, this rule fails to make in order four significant measures to address the gun violence epidemic that is plaguing our Nation. In addition to closing the gun show and internet sale loopholes in the background check system, lifting the prohibition on Federal research into gun violence, and creating a process to prevent dangerous individuals from having firearms, the amendment includes my legislation to close the Charleston loophole, which allows gun sales to be completed even if FBI investigations are still going on to determine the outcome of a background check. The tragic consequences of this loophole were demonstrated on June 17, 2015, when a hatefilled gunman opened fire at the historic Emanuel A.M.E. Church in Charleston, South Carolina, killing nine and injuring three others. In that fateful instance, the shooter attempted to buy a firearm on April 11 and was initially delayed due to possible red flags in his criminal record. Despite the investigation not being completed in 3 days, he was allowed to purchase the weapon. The FBI later discovered the shooter would not have been allowed to purchase the firearm due to his documented history of drug abuse had they been able to complete the background check. Madam Speaker, the consequences are too great to allow loopholes like these to persist. We have laws on the books to prohibit dangerous individuals like the shooter in Charleston from buying weapons, but these loopholes prevent them from being enforced. Thousands of weapons are sold each year through the Charleston loophole alone. In fact, I read that over 6,000 such weapons have been sold through this loophole. I appreciate that many of my colleagues have signaled they are supportive of improving the background check system, but no amount of improvement will protect the American people if all the loopholes are allowed to exist. For almost 3 years, the people of Charleston, South Carolina, and across the country have been demanding a vote from this House on closing the Charleston loophole. They have yet to get one. I urge my colleagues to allow this body to take a vote on closing this loophole and giving the American people the protections they need and deserve. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question and a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS), the sponsor of H.R. 4061. Mr. ROSS. Madam Speaker, I thank my friend from Colorado for yielding. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the rule and my underlying legislation, H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017. Madam Speaker, when folks back home save for retirement, college, or a down payment on a house, they expect that the system is both safe and geared towards maximizing their benefit. A beautiful thing about America’s free enterprise system is how anyone can participate in the marketplace, strengthen the economy, and earn a dividend of the American Dream. That opportunity, however, is not guaranteed, and, as lawmakers, we have a duty to protect it. My bill will help us do just that by improving the Financial Stability Oversight Council’s process for reviewing nonbank financial institutions for potential systemic threats. We must be clear that simply designating more companies as systemically important financial institutions doesn’t make our system safer. The FSOC can better serve the American people by working with prudential regulators and the private sector to address threats to our economy before they transform into calamities. Would you say it is sufficient for firefighters just to identify a house that is on fire? Of course not. The key is preventing the fire in the first place. This is the problem that we face with the FSOC’s oversight of nonbank financial institutions. The FSOC may be able to identify tinderboxes, but fails to explain how they might be made less flammable, and, instead, the Council defaults to what should be the heavyhanded regulations of last resort. To be sure, the FSOC has begun to recognize the benefits of leveraging the expertise of prudential regulators, as well as providing increased transparency. In recent years, they have taken steps to improve the designation process, including the February 2015 guidance providing increased transparency in the nonbank SIFI designation process. These 2015 reforms were welcome, and this legislation will codify many of 
them into law, as well as provide a path for a nonbank financial company to eliminate risk rather than be designated. Importantly, our legislation will ensure a company’s primary regulator has a meaningful role in the SIFI designation process. After 8 years, if we don’t take steps to address the obvious shortcomings of the FSOC, like the nonbank designation process, the regulator intended to protect financial stability could very well become a liability. The American Action Forum has found that additional capital requirements resulting from a SIFI designation of asset management firms could affect American retirees in the amount of at least $100,000 in potential savings over the lifetime of their investments. That is why these reforms included in H.R. 4061 are critical to the more than 90 million investors who rely on the services of asset management firms to achieve their most important financial goals. Companies must have a chance to de risk before the FSOC can saddle their customers with such extraordinary losses. This bill will give them that opportunity. I am proud to have worked with my colleague and friend across the aisle, Representative JOHN DELANEY , on this strongly bipartisan piece of legislation. I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING for his support and leadership in moving this bill through our committee and onto the House floor. This bill has 58 original cosponsors: 29 Democrats, 29 Republicans. Our bill demonstrates that there can be broad bipartisan support for increased transparency of the FSOC designation process. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this rule and the underlying bill. b1300 Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CARBAJAL ), a member of the Armed Services and Budget Committees of this House of Representatives. Mr. CARBAJAL. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bipartisan Gun Violence Restraining Order Act. After the Parkland, Florida shooting tragically took the lives of 17 students and educators, students across the country have stood up and said: Enough is enough. They have demanded that Congress act to prevent these horrific acts of violence. Since Parkland, NRA officials, Republican lawmakers, and even the President have repeatedly said that we need to disarm individuals who pose a threat to themselves or their community—those posting on social media or telling friends and family that they plan to take lives with a gun. GVRO laws do just that. That is why California passed these protections after the shooting at UCSB’s Isla Vista. And now Florida is considering similar legislation in the wake of the Parkland shooting. Only a handful of States currently have legal processes to temporarily remove those firearms. The GVRO Act encourages other States to follow their lead to empower family members or law enforcement officials to petition a judge to temporarily remove firearms from an individual in crisis. No one law will be a panacea, but that is not an excuse for inaction. Since its introduction, the GVRO Act has gained significant support from my colleagues in the majority. Madam Speaker, we are calling on Speaker RYAN to bring the bipartisan GVRO Act to the floor for a vote. Our children’s lives depend on it. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ), my colleague who represents my home area that I was born in, a member of the Armed Services and Small Business Committees. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida for yielding me time. Madam Speaker, America has always been a nation of problemsolvers. When our country is confronted with a seemly impossible challenge, we tackle it headon. We conduct research, we examine evidence, and we perform studies, and we don’t quit until we have made meaningful progress. From reducing automobile and aviation deaths to eradicating deadly diseases, we always rise to the challenge. In each case, a serious problem was claiming too many lives; and American determination, based on rigorous research, helped solve or mitigate that problem. However, there is one place where we have deviated from this proud American tradition and abandoned an evidencebased approach to addressing our Nation’s most pressing challenges, and that is when it comes to the problem of gun violence. Homicides in this country occur as a part of the daily drumbeat of violence in our communities. They also take place in the context of mass shootings, like the recent tragedies at Pulse and Parkland, where a single individual transformed a place of life into a war zone. Let me be clear. Gun violence is a plague upon this Nation and must be treated like the public health crisis it is. Instead of confronting this problem with courage and candor, Congress has cowered in fear. For over 20 years, a single sentence, known as the Dickey amendment, has been added to the annual bill that funds the CDC and other Federal agencies. We can debate the exact meaning of the Dickey amendment, what it does and does not allow, but the reality is that federally sponsored research on ways to reduce gun violence has come to a grinding halt. I introduced a bipartisan bill to repeal the Dickey amendment, and it currently has 170 cosponsors. There are many steps that we can take right now to protect our communities and our children, while respecting the Second Amendment. One of these steps should be to empower our Nation to fund independent, unbiased gun violence research that will lead to policies that save lives. It is the right and patriotic thing to do. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I would advise the previous speaker that I knew Jay Dickey, I served with him here, as did many other Members; and my understanding is that, before his death, he indicated that he thought that his measure that has carried forth was a mistake. Madam Speaker, my friends across the aisle have clearly demonstrated where their priorities lie. And for the benefit of the American public, if it looks like we are ships passing in the night, then doubtless we are when it comes to priorities. I would ask anyone in this country and anyone in this House: Which do you think should be a priority? Addressing the gun epidemic in this country or bailing out big old banks with more opportunities to potentially carry us to yet another financial disaster by simply disallowing them having to undergo the stress test that they need? I listened to my friend when he talked about stress tests, that they don’t know how they are going to be tested or what part they are going to— well, my goodness gracious. Kids in school don’t know what is going to be on the test; so why should the bank know what is going to be on the test? But in the deal, when it goes down, whether they know or not, they still are making a ton of money; and, therefore, the regulations aren’t affecting them in the way that we make it sound here. And there again, I ask the question: Which is your priority, America? Whether we address gun violence in this country and the epidemic that it is or whether we address these financial services regulatory measures that are more for corporate America than they are for you? Americans working hard to make ends meet need answers—working hard to get their kids off to school, working hard to make sure they can put food on the table at the end of the day, working hard to ensure that they can put a little money aside for their child’s education, working hard to ensure that they can put some retirement money aside. Footnote there. What are we doing to protect the pensions of people in this country? We are not addressing that. We are addressing big banks. 
That they don’t have to keep working two or three jobs for the rest of their lives, that is what Americans are looking for. Well, if they are working hard, then we need to be working hard, and we need to be working hard for them. It is with their interests in mind that we are sent here, and we do a disservice to them and to our country when we abandon that responsibility and consider bills like those put before us today rather than addressing the many, many needs that this country has. Madam Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I want to thank my friend for his support of the STOP School Violence Act yesterday, along with 406 of our colleagues; that passed overwhelmingly. Madam Speaker, DoddFrank unleashed a torrent of regulation on our financial institutions. While it is understandable that people reacted strongly after the 2008 crisis, most of the Federal response heaped needless red tape onto our banks and credit unions. Much of this red tape has, at best, done nothing to improve the security of financial customers and, at worst, deprived Americans of crucial capital and financial products. It is important that we rein in the Federal Government and allow our financial institutions to invest their resources in our communities. These two bills today continue the regulatory reforms that the House has advanced since last year. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING and Chairman S ESSIONS  for bringing these bills to the floor today. I urge support of the rule and the underlying bills. The material previously referred to by Mr. HASTINGS is as follows: 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the 
motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. BUCK. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. WALORSKI ). The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 2154. An act to rename the Red River Valley Agricultural Research Center in Fargo, North Dakota, as the Edward T. Schafer Agricultural Research Center. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2155. An act to promote economic growth, provide tailored regulatory relief, and enhance consumer protections, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate agrees to the amendments of the House to the bill (S. 188) ‘‘An Act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government, and for other purposes.’’. 
PERMISSION TO POSTPONE PROCEEDINGS ON AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO H.R. 4545, FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115– 595 to H.R. 4545 may be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. f 
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS EXAMINATION FAIRNESS AND REFORM ACT Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 773, I call up the bill (H.R. 4545) to amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 773, an amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–595 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4545 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act’’. 
The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), as amended by section 3, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
The Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978 (12 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.), as amended by section 4, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate, it shall be in order to consider the further amendment printed in part B of House Report 115–595, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and 
shall not be subject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act. It is a strongly bipartisan bill, having come out of our committee by a vote of 50–10. It is authored by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), who serves as the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations and is, indeed, one of the leaders in the House in bringing regulatory relief to our community financial institutions. I want to thank him for his leadership on this very, very important issue. H.R. 4545 creates transparency and accountability among regulators by improving the timeliness of examinations, while also creating a new more independent examination appeals process. b1315 Madam Speaker, this is about, again, transparency. It is about due process. The Office of Independent Examination Review created under this bill will ensure accountability and fairness for financial institutions during their supervisory examinations. It does so by providing the right for these institutions to obtain an independent review of a material supervisory determination contained in a final examination report. The creation of this independent review process is particularly important for our Nation’s community banks and credit unions that will now be able to appeal their examination decisions without fear of reprisal from their regulator. By reforming the process for examining financial institutions to ensure it is fair and consistent, Congress will indeed enhance the safety and soundness of the financial system overall while ensuring Main Street businesses can access the liquidity and capital resources they need to grow and create jobs. Again, Madam Speaker, this is why this is so important. Ultimately, this is about ensuring a free flow of credit to Main Street businesses and families. Many of our community financial institutions have felt a very, very heavy hand of burdensome Federal regulations that were intended—or so we were told—for the largest and most complex institutions; and regulators, unfortunately, seem to ignore congressional directive and apply each one of these standards to our smallest institutions. Thus, yesterday, Madam Speaker, we voted on the TAILOR Act, also authored by the gentleman from Colorado, that would also help ensure these regulations are tailored to the size and complexity of the institution. Without having due process and fairness in this exam review, the result has been catastrophic. This regulatory burden, of which this is a part, has been resulting in the closing or merger of one community bank or credit union per day, on average. And again, they are not being lost to natural causes. Our community financial institutions serve as the backbone of our American economy, and we simply cannot afford to lose them. As chairman of the Financial Services Committee, in my sixth year, my colleagues on both sides of the aisle are all too familiar with this problem. I hear from credit unions and community banks every day. I heard from West Community Credit Union in Missouri, who wrote: ‘‘This onesizefitsall approach is simpleminded and has real consequences. We are beginning to make changes that will negatively impact our ability to continue to serve members in meeting their home equity lending needs.’’ In fact, Madam Speaker, we know that a number of banks and credit unions have had to leave mortgage lending because of the regulatory burden. Then there is CountyCity Credit Union in Wisconsin, who said: ‘‘Small credit unions are dropping every day. Unless we get immediate relief, there won’t be any left. That would be tragic for our members and the very fabric of our country. Please help us, and help us right now.’’ I have good news. Help is on the way if we can get a good, solid vote this afternoon. The CEO of Commonwealth National Bank in Tennessee wrote: ‘‘The fact remains that there are fewer community banks today than there were several years ago, a trend that will continue until rational changes’’—for example, like the ones we are speaking of today, Madam Speaker—‘‘are made that will provide some relief to America’s hometown banks.’’ Again, we are hearing this plea every single day. So there is good reason why H.R. 4545 was reported by this committee with a strong bipartisan vote, 50–10, including a majority support of the Democrats on the committee. Again, the bill is strongly bipartisan, it is practical, and it is necessary. H.R. 4545 will allow financial institutions, again, to have supervisory determinations reviewed by a newly established independent examination review board. This will allow for uniformity among regulatory agencies, again, while making the overall exam process more fair and more efficient. The bill does not prevent a regulatory agency from conducting examinations or imposing restrictions on financial exams, but, again, it will restore fairness, due process, and accountability for the sake of our community banks and credit unions; and, more importantly, for the sake of those who still have the American Dream of either buying their own home, starting their own business, or sending that first kid to college, it is imperative that we enact H.R. 4545. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLEAVER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4545. Today we are considering yet another measure that would weaken our system of financial regulation and bog down regulators in their important work. It would ultimately take us right back to some of the problems that led to the largest financial crisis since the Great Depression. The bill puts financial institutions’ profits before the protection of consumers and the best interests of the American public. I rise, Madam Speaker, to say to Members of both sides of the aisle that we must remember the past as we create policies. I was here during that entire period, and it created a very, very heavy darkness over this entire country. In the years preceding the financial crisis, the Federal Reserve failed to write rules stopping predatory, risky mortgage loans. The OCC and OTS preempted State regulators from reining in mortgage abuses. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York and other regulators failed to stem excesses at large companies and did not downgrade troubled companies until it was too late. Legislation such as H.R. 4545 sets the stage to return us to an ineffective regulatory system. Republicans have made it a habit to falsely claim that their legislation is designed to benefit small community banks and credit unions. There are some things that could be changed to improve DoddFrank and to provide responsible relief for small community institutions, which I believe we all recognize did not cause the financial crisis. I have said in our committee and I will say openly in any other place, including on the floor here, that there are some things we can repair in Dodd Frank. But what this bill would do is give all regulated financial institutions an additional way to appeal and, thereby, postpone material supervisory determinations of their prudential regulator and of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. 
In other words, messy megabanks and other big financial firms could appeal and delay adverse determinations such as a downgrade of a bank’s credit rating for capital asset quality management, earnings, liquidity, and sensitivity to the market risk. It would also enable them to appeal significant deficiencies of their antimoney laundering programs, findings related to the violations of various rules, or a downgrade of their Community Reinvestment Act ratings. Let’s think about this for just a minute. Some banks would be allowed, under this bill, to appeal the OCC’s historic and welldeserved double downgrade of its CR rating. Under this bill, Wells Fargo, for example, would be allowed to unleash its army of lawyers to not only fight against the rating, but to tie the OCC up in proceedings. We all know that when the banks who spend millions on legal teams each year deploy those resources, they deploy them to win; and if they win, then American consumers lose. But let’s focus on CRA. CRA was intended to ensure that institutions were making loans and providing services in the lowerincome and moderateincome neighborhoods in which they were located to address the problems of redlining. As highlighted in the recent report by the Center for Investigative Reporting, redlining is not just some relic of the past. Sadly, painfully, and embarrassingly, redlining appears to be still very much an ongoing, troubling problem that continues to harm many minority mortgage loan borrowers in cities all across the United States of America. This bill will make redlining worse, and that will happen because, instead of improving their ratings and trying to end discriminatory lending practices, bank executives will simply challenge these rates and bully their own regulators into submission. Now, this may be unintentional, as I would presume to believe, but this bill ignores the fact that prudential regulators and the Consumer Bureau each already have an agency ombudsman and an intraagency formal review and appeals process. What’s more, messy megabanks already have existing avenues to bring a court challenge to any form of regulatory enforcement act. Thus, what this bill would actually do is create unprecedented barriers to the effective, prudential, and consumer protection supervision of the messy megabanks. It will give messy megabanks and predatory lenders, including payday lenders, an additional way to resist corrective actions to avoid violations of law or safety and soundness risk. As a result, the bill would allow these financial institutions to bog down agencies with frivolous appeals. In a letter opposing H.R. 4545, the National Consumer Law Center wrote that the effective bill ‘‘would be most pronounced at the largest banks who could appeal dozens or hundreds of material findings from every examination creating enormous roadblocks to supervision. The bank supervision process has been the first line of regulatory defense against threats to bank safety and soundness for a century or more. H.R. 4545 creates unprecedented roadblocks to the effectiveness of bank supervisory determinations and could be devastating to effective regulatory oversight in areas ranging from basic prudential oversight to key consumer protections that make our financial markets fairer.’’ In addition, the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that H.R. 4545 would increase the deficit by hundreds of millions of dollars—by hundreds of millions of dollars. It would increase by hundreds of millions of dollars. Hundreds of millions of dollars it would increase. Millions of dollars would be increased because banks would be more likely to fail and need government assistance. In sum, H.R. 4545 would weaken our Nation’s system of financial regulation, and, in so doing, it would recklessly set the stage for a return to the captive, hamstrung regulatory system that existed in the years before the 2008 financial crisis that enabled the risky profitfueled activities of large, complex, messy megabanks and other titans on Wall Street to go unchecked. I therefore urge my colleagues to oppose H.R. 4545. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds just to say to my friend from Missouri, as he recounts his parade of horribles, that this bill was supported by a majority of Democrats on the committee, including Mr. CRIST of Florida, Democrat; Mr. DELANEY of Maryland, Democrat; Mr. FOSTER of Illinois, Democrat; Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Democrat; Mr. GOTTHEIMER of New Jersey, Democrat; Mr. HECK of Washington, Democrat; and Mr. HIMES of Connecticut, Democrat. I think my 30 seconds is winding down, but perhaps I can share the rest of the Democratic Members who supported this excellent piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), who is back with us again today. He is the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations and is the author of H.R. 4545. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity today to be able to advance an important piece of bipartisan legislation. The Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act seeks to bring fairness to the Federal financial regulators’ examination appeals process by instituting a uniform framework free from examination retaliation. Our community banks and credit unions currently have no independent recourse in the appeals process of examination decisions. These institutions often lack the experience, capacity, and resources needed to effectively resolve challenges to Federal financial regulators’ examination determinations as each regulator has its own different rules and standards for the appeals process. Under the current examination appeals framework, appeals of material supervisory determinations, which are decisions of significant consequence that can have serious impact on the financial institution’s future, run through the agency that handed down the decision in the first place. b1330 Mr. Speaker, that is like asking an arresting police officer to also be the judge and the jury when a case goes to trial. Put simply, this legislation will move away from that framework and establish an independent office of review to address appeals of serious consequence, and harmonize and consolidate the appeals process across the various Federal regulators so that the review process is fair and predictable. One banker in Colorado put it to me this way: ‘‘The DoddFrank Act has added complexity and uncertainty to the entire exam process and to the bank’s ability to serve its customers confidently and in full compliance of regulations.’’ He continues: ‘‘For instance, overlap between the OCC and CFPB is an ongoing issue. The OCC lost regulatory oversight with the DoddFrank Act and the foundation of the CFPB, especially in the fair lending world. When the CFPB made it clear they were not going to examine the banks over $10 billion on fair lending the way that the OCC had historically done it, the OCC started expanding the way that they assessed a bank’s Compliance Management Program to add questions about fair lending, including transaction sampling and testing. It creates a very burdensome environment as well as duplication and the risk of double jeopardy.’’ Mr. Speaker, an examination environment that runs the risk of duplication and double jeopardy between agencies isn’t tenable and puts our community institutions at risk of being examined into extinction. This environment is further complicated by the reality that, currently, institutions that want to appeal double jeopardy examination results would have to appeal through two regulators who likely aren’t communicating with one another about the other’s exam determinations. The Examination Fairness bill before the House today would solve this problem by establishing an Office of Independent Examination Review, which would function as a consolidated, sober judge of the examination appeals process. This newly created office under the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council would provide a community bank or credit union an avenue 
for independent recourse to appeal a material supervisory determination where fairness, transparency, and timeliness are paramount. Because this new review process only applies to material supervisory determinations, the new process is limited in scope and reserved only for the most serious appeals. This legislation is also careful not to constrain the power of the regulators to pursue enforcement actions or to prevent them from issuing a further material supervisory determination. In fact, enforcement actions resulting from a determination would continue to be enforced under this new appeals process until the independent office either agrees with the finding of the regulator or overturns a determination of the regulator. Mr. Speaker, by creating consistency; instituting timeline expectations of examinations and appeals; increasing transparency; and adding independent, sober review of appeals to the rights of the financial institutions, H.R. 4545 will go a long way to usher in a new environment of fairness in the examination appeals process for small banks and credit unions. Giving these institutions independent recourse in the appeals process will create greater certainty that they won’t have to reduce their financial service product offerings because of an unfair or untimely review. Mr. Speaker, that translates to greater assurances for communities across the country that their small banks and credit unions will be able to provide a mortgage for their home, a loan for their car, and capital for their small businesses to be able to grow. This measure passed out of the Financial Services Committee with strong bipartisan support, with a majority of our Democrat colleagues joining with us to be able to support exam fairness. I would like to thank the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY ), for her support of this measure’s consideration here today. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the inimitable chair of our committee is absolutely right: there are Democrats. This is a bipartisan piece of legislation. But it proves what I was trying to say earlier, and that is that I and many other people believe that we need to make some changes to DoddFrank. This is just not one of them. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for his tireless work in bringing this and so many other commonsense bills to the floor. I also want to thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ) for his commitment to this issue. The lack of consistency and quality in the bank examination process has created serious problems for financial institutions and their customers. Mr. TIPTON ’s legislation aims to remedy many of the issues we have heard about from the banks and credit unions in our congressional districts. H.R. 4545 will allow financial institutions to have supervisory determinations reviewed by a newly established independent examination review board. This will create uniformity among regulatory agencies, while making the overall exam process fair and efficient. The legislation includes several other key reforms, such as imposition of a reasonable time limit on examiners to provide exam results to institutions. It may seem like a simple request in the bill, a simple provision, but, today, institutions may wait as much as a year or more—in some cases, several years— to get the results of a single exam. How can you be expected to comply with regulations if the regulators don’t get back to you in a timely fashion with their feedback? I myself spent several years as a bank examiner. The relationship between banker and examiner was a collegial one. Examiners would work with bankers to make sure they understood their rules and address the issues that manifested themselves during the course of the examination. If an institution failed to fix those issues, it then faced appropriate repercussions. Today’s exam environment is completely different. Financial regulators seem to play a constant game of ‘‘gotcha.’’ The only recourse for a financial institution is to turn to an appeals process that, quite frankly, has a predetermined outcome. Mr. Speaker, something has to change. To be clear, this bill does not prevent regulatory agencies from conducting exams or imposing restrictions on financial institutions. What it does is restore order to the exam process, which, for far too long, has been politicized and abused. This is an incredibly important measure and one that I hope will receive support from all my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for his work. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), who is the vice chairman of the Financial Services Subcommittee on Terrorism and Illicit Finance. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to convey my deep appreciation to my colleague on the Financial Services Committee, Mr. TIPTON , for his efforts to improve and reform the examination process for our Nation’s financial institutions. H.R. 4545 is designed to address enduring concerns about the lack of consistency and quality in the bank examination process. The current exam process can be both opaque and secretive. Coupling this with overburdensome regulations and increased compliance costs have forced many community banks and credit unions to close up shop or reduce their ability to provide for consumers. Look no further than my State, North Carolina, which has lost about 50 percent of its banks since the financial crisis. In my own city of Charlotte, a decade ago, we had six community banks. Today, we only have one because of the burdensome and costly compliance requirements. Mr. TIPTON ’s legislation creates a fair and impartial process for financial institutions to appeal their examinations, which gives the necessary clarity for banks and credit unions to provide services to their customers, leading to a job creation and economic prosperity environment. That is why I want to thank the gentleman from Colorado for working on this bipartisan piece of legislation. It is long past time that we provide commonsense reforms in a transparent approach regarding regulators’ decisionmaking during the examination process. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of the Financial Service Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act. As the vice chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee, and as a longtime advocate for examination and review reforms, I commend my colleague, Representative TIPTON , for his hard work on this issue. As we all know, our financial regulatory agencies are not without their flaws. From time to time, examiners offer decisions that are misguided, and these decisions deserve to be challenged. Managers of financial institutions that believe that the decisions passed down by their examiners are wrong deserve a chance to challenge those decisions at an independent forum and, if necessary, in the courts. We are all better served by a financial supervisory structure that subjects decisions to the scrutiny of further review. I know community bankers in western Pennsylvania who have struggled with their examiners for years to get flawed determinations changed. In many cases, these individuals were doing the right thing for their companies and their communities. Without the benefit of a clear timeline, this process has been allowed to drag on. Without a truly independent review process and protection against retaliation, these men and women working in 
our community financial institutions understand that they are facing an uphill battle. The current system is not independent and it is not sufficiently transparent. This is unfair. It is bad for our community financial institutions and it is detrimental to the integrity of our regulatory system. I again urge my colleagues to support Representative TIPTON ’s work. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ), and I ask unanimous consent that control she may control that time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Missouri? There was no objection. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. KUSTOFF ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act. I also want to thank Representative TIPTON for bringing this fine legislation. In the Financial Services Committee, we often focus on relieving the regulatory burdens our smaller financial institutions face. While larger banks have the bandwidth, if you will, to comply with various regulations, our smaller financial institutions have their hands tied with onerous regulations and high compliance costs. Too often, this strains the ability for our smaller banks and credit unions to loan money to people who rely on them for capital. The legislation that we are discussing today creates more transparency and certainty for community banks and credit unions undergoing each regulators’ examination process. Currently, each of the four regulators has its own appeals process. As we know, each regulator has their own rules about what decisions can or cannot be repealed. In many instances, this exam process can take months and is conducted secretively, often leaving the institution in the dark about the possible violations. If an unfavorable determination results from the exam, the financial institution is then forced to limit its ability to open new branches or from offering certain financial products. Folks in every community across the country rely on these financial institutions to access credit, grow a business, purchase a new car, or pay for an unexpected expense. This important legislation restores some of the transparency to the examination process and prevents regulators from being the cop, the judge, and the jury. In addition, this legislation will restore accountability on the part of the regulators to review their own decisions, and to do so in a timely fashion to limit the impact to our community financial institutions. As we all can agree, our community banks and credit unions are best equipped to work with communities in which they serve. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee. This legislation provides a system of checks and balances by establishing clear standards to ensure the consistency and transparency of all examinations. I want to thank Chairman HENSARLING and the Financial Services Committee for their hard work. I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. b1345 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This is a very important bill that I am asking the Members of Congress to vote ‘‘no’’ on because we don’t want to empower the megabanks and huge conglomerates to be able to skirt adverse supervisory decisions about regulators. The bill would give all financial institutions, regardless of their size, an additional method to appeal, thereby significantly delaying adverse determinations by creating a new independent review office to conduct de novo reviews without concern for the institution’s safety and soundness or the protection of consumers. This bill goes far beyond relief for community banks and credit unions by enabling megabanks and nonbanks, like payday lenders and Equifax, to pursue limitless challenges to the agency’s actions in court. If you take a look at the examples that we have prepared for you, take a look at Wells Fargo. Wells Fargo has been at the center of attention in this country for the fraudulent accounts that it established using their customers’ accounts and information to create more accounts without informing their customers; and then they had the illegal student loan servicing practices that we have all been so concerned about; and even after the fraudulent accounts were exposed and a fine was made because of the harm that they had caused to their customers, we then found that they had inappropriate forceplaced insurance, which means that people who were already paying for their insurance were forced to pay again because the bank basically forced them to have additional insurance. And then there is J.P. Morgan with illegal credit card practices and discriminatory lending, sale of bad credit card debt, and illegal robosigning. And Citi with deficient mortgage servicing and foreclosure processing practices; inappropriate fees, marketing, billing, administration of add on products; and foreclosure abuses. Bank of America, also mortgage abuses, deficient mortgage servicing and foreclosure processing practices, credit monitoring abuses, deceptive marketing for addon products, violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Now, we find that these banks have determined—they act in ways that we know that fighting is just the cost of doing business. It is a slap on the wrist. And they are going to continue to be able to get away with this. And if they are saying that the bank examiners who come in and find these adverse conditions somehow will be ignored and they can literally get around them, then we are going to add to the problems of our consumers in this country. Mr. Speaker, I am certainly asking for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes to say that I just find some of the comments of the ranking member curious. I know if she continues this attack on the socalled Wall Street megabanks, I just continue to be so curious why she supports bailing them out? She voted against the Financial CHOICE Act that would have ended bailouts to these megabanks. And so she supports a bailout fund in Dodd Frank to continue to bail out these banks. Second of all, if she continues to attack them, I guess I am curious also why she supports the Federal Reserve’s program to pay interest on excess reserves. She supports taking taxpayer money to pay the socalled Wall Street megabanks not to loan money to Main Street, something that I have opposed as have many other Republicans on this side of the aisle. And then to make matters worse, Mr. Speaker, on this interest on excess reserves, these banks are getting almost 10 to 15 times what our constituents are getting on their savings accounts. In many cases, it is the difference between 0.07 percent, versus 1.5 percent. And so I understand, again, she attacks them, but then I am just curious, why does she find so many ways to support them? So personally, I think in this economy, there is a need for community banks and credit unions. There is a need for regional banks, and there is a need for global banks as well. What we want is accountability. We want less Federal control, and what we want is more private capital. We want to ensure that there are never more taxpayer bailouts. And again, as I said earlier, as this socalled parade of horribles was brought to the attention of the House, why is it that a majority of Democrats on her committee support this legislation? Sixteen of them support the legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I always have these lively debates with my chairman, and he never fails to point out that I voted for the bailout. And, of course, oftentimes when he comes with one of these deregulation bills, he talks about bipartisan and how he had Democrats. Well, I want you to know the bailout was a bipartisan thing. It was appointed by both Democrats and Republicans at a time when we were in great difficulty in this country. It was the Bush bailout, and it was Mr. Paulson, appointed by Mr. Bush, who was the Secretary who led it and gave us the advice and had us participate in saving our economy based on the information that he had uncovered about the risk that was now proposed for our country. So I am not for bailing out big banks at all. We had an emergency situation in this country where, again, it was the Bush bailout that we had to deal with the fact that we were in great danger. But let me just also say this: we have something now that we put into Dodd Frank reform called the Orderly Liquidation Authority scenario that we are able to look at banks, and, because of the stress testing that they have gone through, if there is a need for an orderly resolution because there are problems with the bank, we cannot only recommend breaking off parts of the bank, but reordering parts of the bank and doing what is necessary to ensure that the bank does not get into a situation where it fails and triggers the failures of others in our economy. So it is the Orderly Liquidation Authority that I am referring to, and I do not support bailing out big banks. This is one thing that I join with my chairman on. We both agree that we should not be bailing out these big banks. And, of course, that is what Dodd Frank is helping us to avoid. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased now to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chairman of the Financial Services Committee Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I would just note that the Orderly Liquidation Authority is an authority to bail out big banks, consistent with the bailout that the ranking member voted for in, I believe, 2008, that the chairman, I believe, voted against. When we talk about those who use rhetoric to say they don’t support big banks, but then actually vote for them, I think that is a hard note to take. But I rise today to support H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act, a bipartisan measure introduced by Mr. TIPTON. This bill would amend the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Act of 1978, a long time ago, by updating the definition of financial institutions, establishing new requirements for the final examination report process, and creating an office of independent examination review, giving some independence here, some common sense. These updates are critical because, in 1994, Congress directed Federal regulators to establish an independent intraagency appellate process for institutions to seek the review of examination ratings, adequacy of loan loss reserve, and clarifications on loans. I agree that these entities should be reviewed to ensure that they are financially sound. We want to make sure that we prevent failure so we don’t have folks across the aisle voting for bailouts. However, we are hearing from our community financial institutions, the ones that serve most of my district in Wisconsin, that the avenues needed to appeal these determinations are limited. The process is secretive, and the regulators are overempowered. The intraagency review process has also been criticized as not being independent because the regulatory determinations are reviewed, not by a third party, but by the employees of the same regulator handing down the verdict. So this is the judge, the jury, and the executioner. I was a prosecutor, and when I presented a case to a jury and they found someone guilty, I didn’t make the defendant appeal the verdict to the same jury that found him guilty. They have got to go to a thirdparty appellate process, independent reviewers. That is the way the American system works and should work in this scenario as well. Our community bankers explained that they feel victimized. They feel retribution for challenging the outcomes of these exams, and that is a bad thing. Add to the fear the fact that these examinations lack transparency, and now we have real problems to contend with which is why the solution is so bipartisan. The chairman mentioned 16 Democrats on the committee voted for this commonsense piece of legislation. That is why the bill is so important. It will embolden our community banks by creating an independent auditor to ensure fairness and transparency. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, this bill ensures that there is an open forum for these institutions to discuss the examination procedures, practices, and policies without fear of reprisals. It gives them a little bit of freedom. Importantly, the office would also review regulators’ procedures to make sure that their written examination policies are being followed and adhered to. Lastly, the bill would provide a right to a hearing upon appeal. The decision as to whether the appeal is heard on the record will be left to the petitioner. Again, you are getting due process. We want due process. That is something we all fight for. No one disagrees on that. Why can’t we offer that to our small community banks and credit unions that oftentimes feel victimized? This is a bipartisan bill. This is common sense, and I would encourage my good friend, the ranking member—who I like so much—to join us and let’s get something done for small community banks. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the offer from my good friend to join him, but I don’t think I will be doing that today. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  organizations that have sent us information in opposition to this bill. It includes the National Consumer Law Center, AFSCME, the Center for American Progress, and Americans for Financial Reform. 
NATIONAL CONSUMER LAWCENTER , Washington, DC, March 8, 2017. Re Oppose S. Amdt. 2140 (Moran), HR 4545, The Financial Institutions Examination Fairness Act; creates roadblocks to bank supervision for safety and soundness, consumer protection. SENATOR , U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. On behalf of our low income clients, I urge you to oppose Senate Amendment 2140 to S. 2155, which incorporates HR 4545 (Tipton), The Financial Institutions Examination Fairness Act. The bill would create unprecedented barriers to effective prudential and consumer protection supervision of banks, allowing banks to resist corrective actions to address law violations or safety and soundness risks, bogging down agencies with frivolous appeals. HR 4545 would grant regulated banks the right to appeal any supervisory determination made by any prudential banking agency or by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to a new ‘‘Office of Independent Examination Review’’ established in the Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council (FFIEC). Upon appeal by a supervised bank, this new office would be required to undertake a repetitive de novo review of the agency’s supervisory decision. No deference to the initial examination findings or the agency’s judgment would be required in this review. This new process is duplicative to appeals processes and ombudsmen already present. The CFPB, FDIC, OCC, Federal Reserve, and National Credit Union Administration each already have an agency ombudsman and an intraagency formal review and appeals process. In addition, banks may bring a court challenge to any formal regulatory enforcement action. HR 4545 would enormously increase the ability of banks to resist supervisory decisions. This effect would be most pronounced at the largest banks, who could appeal dozens or hundreds of material findings from every examination, creating enormous roadblocks to supervision. The bank supervision process has been the first line of regulatory defense against threats to bank safety and soundness for a century or more. HR 4545 creates unprecedented roadblocks to the effectiveness of bank supervisory determinations and could be devastating to effective regulatory oversight in areas ranging from basic 
prudential oversight to key consumer protections that make our financial markets fairer. I urge you to oppose HR 4545 and any amendment that incorporates the bill. Yours very truly, LAUREN K. S AUNDERS , Associate Director. 
AFSCME, Washington, DC, March 13, 2018. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 1.6 million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I urge you to oppose the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act (H.R. 4545), which would undermine the federal government’s enforcement of bank regulations and related systemic risk protections by granting every bank—of any size—a new right to appeal and postpone existing banking regulators’ adverse supervisory determinations. Now is not the time to undermine these protections. AFSCME strongly opposes H.R. 4545 because it would undermine bank regulators’ existing authority and related systemic safeguards that protect our economy from risky practices of banks. This would impose added costs and risks on working families and consumers. Specifically, H.R. 4545 would grant regulated banks the right to appeal a prudential banking agency’s material supervisory determination. H.R. 4545 installs the new appeals process in a not yet created Office of Independent Examination Review (OIER) located within the Federal Financial Institutions Examinations Council (FFIEC) and would require OIER to initiate a de novo review of the appealed supervisory decision with zero deference to the regulators’ prior preappeal review, findings, or determinations. By creating a de novo appeals process, H.R. 4545 further incentivizes banks to challenge every supervisory decision and allows banks to more easily circumvent and delay penalties. Furthermore, H.R. 4545 also would grant these appeal rights to any nonbank under supervisory authority of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) and require OIER de novo review. Unlike the current process with existing prudential regulators, OIER would not be responsible for our banking system’s safety and soundness, and thus OIER’s decision making would be narrower in purpose and thereby increase risk to America’s economy. We do not need H.R. 4545’s appeals process because a formal review and appeals process along with ombudsmen already exist at affected banking agencies, such as CFPB, FDIC, the Federal Reserve, National Credit Union Administration, and OCC. Furthermore, banks already can bring a court challenge to any formal regulatory enforcement action. H.R. 4545’s scope is huge and not merely limited to small, community depository banks. At committee markup, an amendment to narrow H.R. 4545’s scope to community financial institutions below $10 billion in assets was rejected clarifying the intent that H.R. 4545 would benefit enormous banks, including Wells Fargo. The tax bill enacted just months ago in December 2017 grants many of these same large banks tens of billions of dollars in new tax breaks. Moreover, many are already earning record profits. We are nearing the 10th anniversary of the 2008 financial crisis, which triggered U.S. and global recessions, America’s multiyear underwater mortgage crises, and bankruptcies for many companies that nearly sank the U.S. economy. The subsequent DoddFrank financial reform protections added essential safeguards that stabilized our economy. We should not weaken these protections. Rather than rolling back DoddFrank protections, we should improve protections for working families from the abuses of large banks like Wells Fargo, and take steps to penalize large data companies like Equifax for breaches of its consumer data. AFSCME opposes this harmful risky bill because it increases the likelihood that banks, both large and small, will continue harming working families and consumers and trigger new systemic economic problems. AFSCME urges you to vote against H.R. 4545. Sincerely, SCOTT FREY, Director of Federal Government Affairs. 
CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS , Washington, DC, March 12, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The Center for American Progress (‘‘CAP’’) is writing today to express opposition to the following bills impacting the regulation of financial institutions: H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017; H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act; H.R. 4566, the Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act; H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act of 2017; and H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017. These bills may be considered on the floor of the House of Representatives in the nearterm, so we welcome the chance to share our concerns regarding this series of bills with you and your Members. H.R. 4293, the Stress Test Improvement Act of 2017, would require the Federal Reserve Board to open up its DoddFrank Act Stress Testing (DFAST) and Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) scenarios, methodologies, loss models, and other information to public notice and comment prior to conducting the stress tests. This is a similar policy proposal to what was included in Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin’s banking report released in June 2017. H.R. 4293 would also limit the frequency of the CCAR process to no more than once every two years and would prohibit the Fed from objecting to a firm’s capital plan when a firm fails the qualitative portion of CCAR. These proposed changes to the Fed’s stress testing framework would severely undermine the effectiveness of the stress tests. Stress testing is arguably the most important new prudential tool implemented by the Fed following the 2007–2008 financial crisis. The annual stress tests help ensure that banks fund themselves with enough capital to withstand losses from a severe negative shock and economic downturn, while continuing to provide the credit and financial services the real economy needs to grow sustainably. H.R. 4293’s requirement that the Fed open DFAST and CCAR to public notice and comment would essentially give the tests to the banks in advance. If a bank knows what the stress testing scenarios are and has the Fed’s loss models, it can tailor its balance sheet to limit its projected losses—and in turn limit its required capital buffer. Opening up the stress tests to this type of gaming and window dressing would be a dangerous deviation from postcrisis best practices. It runs counter to the purpose of stress testing, which is to mimic a financial shock—inherently a surprise that the bank doesn’t get a chance to comment on or influence in advance. Moreover, this change could lead to an increase in the correlation of bank balance sheets across the banking sector, making the financial system in general more vulnerable to certain shocks. H.R. 4293’s requirements that CCAR be conducted no more often than once every two years and that the Fed cannot object to a bank’s capital plan if the bank fails the qualitative portion of CCAR are also deeply misguided. A lot can change in two years. Risks can build up and capital positions can deteriorate quickly. CCAR must remain a rigorous, forward looking, and annual exercise. The qualitative element of CCAR, which applies to banks with over $250 billion in assets or $10 billion in foreign exposure, is also crucial for improving and maintaining robust capital planning processes and procedures at the largest banks in the country. Taking the teeth out of the qualitative portion of CCAR would take a tool away from the Fed and have a negative impact on the risk management capacity at these massive, complex institutions. H.R. 4545, the Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act, would give financial institutions the authority to appeal any material examination decision rendered by the federal banking regulators or Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to the Office of Independent Examination Review—a new office created by the bill. Financial regulators already have internal appeals processes in place through their respective Ombudsman offices and financial institutions can pursue legal remedy for flawed examination decisions through the judicial system. This new office and review process is simply an additional hurdle for regulators to contend with when supervising financial institutions and an additional point at which institutions can slow down or avoid punishments. H.R. 4545 would undermine the examinations process at a time when supervisory authority and penalties for financial sector malfeasance should be strengthened. H.R. 4566, the Alleviating Stress Test Burdens to Help Investors Act, would repeal the Federal Reserve Board’s discretionary authority to subject nonbank financial companies, that have not been designated by the Financial Stability Oversight Council as systemically important, to annual stress testing. The bill would also repeal the Dodd Frank Act requirement that a federal primary regulator subject nonbank financial companies with more than $10 billion in assets to companyrun stress testing. The 2007– 2008 financial crisis made it clear that substantial risk can build up outside of the traditional banking sector. The failure or near failure at nonbank financial companies like AIG, Bear Stearns, Merrill Lynch, and Lehman Brothers helped bring the global economy to the brink of collapse. Workers, homeowners, and savers all felt the immense economic pain from that unchecked risk in the financial sector. Eliminating the Federal Reserve Board’s authority to require stress testing at certain nonbank financial companies would needlessly prevent the Fed from acting when necessary. The ability to test a nonbank financial firm’s balance sheet to ensure it has enough capital to withstand a financial shock and economic downturn, while continuing to provide the financial services the real economy depends on, is a necessary authority. The same can be said about the companyrun stress testing that a primary federal regulator will no longer be required to implement if H.R. 4566 is enacted. H.R. 1116, the TAILOR Act of 2017, places new requirements on federal financial regulators to further ‘‘tailor’’ their respective rules to the riskiness and business models of financial institutions. While a laudable goal, 
this bill ignores the existing tailoring of regulation by institution type and size. The intent of this bill is to force regulators to minimize regulatory costs without due concern for the significant societal benefits of strong financial regulations. The bill would also give big banks, and small banks alike, ample footing to constantly object to regulations in court—delaying the implementation of important rules on the backend, or putting pressure on regulators to not even undertake rulemakings on the frontend. Moreover, by mandating a sevenyear lookback period under which regulators would be required to reconsider existing rules, the bill completely undermines the regulations enacted under the DoddFrank Act, the Credit CARD Act, and other laws. Separately, CAP sent a detailed letter on H.R. 4061 to you and your Members outlining our strong opposition to the bill—which would render the Financial Stability Oversight Council’s authority to designate nonbank financial companies as systemically important, nearly useless. For these reasons, CAP recommends that Members vote ‘‘NO’’ when these bills are considered on the floor. Sincerely, GREGG GELZINIS , Research Associate, Economic Policy, Center for American Progress. 
AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM , Washington, DC, March 12, 2018. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Americans for Financial Reform, we are writing to urge you to vote in opposition to H.R. 4545, the ‘‘Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act,’’ which is being considered on the House floor this week. ‘‘Examination fairness’’ may sound innocuous, but make no mistake—this legislation would put unprecedented new limits on the powers of bank examiners. The impact of this legislation in weakening bank supervision would be especially great at the nation’s largest banks. Its effect would be to substantially increase the risk of systemic problems, and of unfair and predatory treatment of consumers. H.R. 4545 would grant banks the right to appeal any supervisory determination made by any bank regulatory agency, including the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB), to a new ‘‘Office of Independent Examination Review’’ that is outside of any regulatory agency. Upon appeal by a supervised bank, this new office would be required to undertake a de novo review of the agency’s supervisory decision. No deference to the initial examination findings or the supervisory agency’s judgment would be required in this review. This new appeals process is an addition to formal appeals processes and ombudsmen already present at the banking agencies. The agencies affected by this legislation—including the CFPB, FDIC, OCC, Federal Reserve, and National Credit Union Administration— each already have an agency ombudsman and an intraagency formal review and appeals process. In addition, banks are already free to bring a court challenge to any formal regulatory enforcement action. By layering an entirely new appeals process on top of existing processes, this bill would greatly increase the ability of banks to resist supervisory oversight and ignore or delay changes called for by supervisors. The impact would be most pronounced at the largest banks, which can receive dozens or hundreds of material findings from every examination. The ability to appeal every one of those material supervisory findings, or just to threaten to appeal them, would create an enormous new barrier to effective supervision of big banks. The bank examination process has been the first line of regulatory defense against threats to bank safety and soundness since at least the 1930s. The ‘‘Examination Fairness Act’’ would create unprecedented new barriers to the effectiveness of bank examiners by empowering banks to delay, resist, or overturn their decisions. In a practical sense, this would make bank regulation even weaker than it was before the 2008 crisis. It would be harmful to effective regulatory oversight in areas ranging from basic safety and soundness supervision to enforcement of key consumer protections that make our financial markets fairer. The ‘‘Examination Fairness Act’’ thus goes beyond overturning postfinancial crisis regulations to make bank oversight even weaker than it was prior to 2008. As we reach the 10th anniversary of the greatest economic and financial crisis since 1929, it should be obvious that this is completely the wrong direction for Congress to take. Since the crisis, fresh scandals like those at Wells Fargo have continued to remind us that we need effective supervision to prevent pervasive and harmful abuse of consumers. We urge you to vote against H.R. 4545. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Sincerely, AMERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, let me just read one of the paragraphs from the Center for American Progress that I think is so profound. ‘‘The Financial Institutions Examination Fairness and Reform Act, would give financial institutions the authority to appeal any material examination decision rendered by the Federal banking regulators or Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, CFPB, to the Office of Independent Examination Review—a new office created by the bill. Financial regulators already have internal appeals processes in place through their respective ombudsman offices and financial institutions can pursue legal remedy for flawed examination decisions through the judicial system. ‘‘This new office and review process is simply an additional hurdle for regulators to contend with when supervising financial institutions and an additional point at which institutions can slow down or avoid punishments. H.R. 4545 would undermine the examinations process at a time when supervisory authority and penalties for financial sector malfeasance should be strengthened.’’ In addition to that, there is another paragraph in the letter from Americans for Financial Reform that I think is extremely important in explaining why this bill should be opposed. It says: ‘‘By layering an entirely new appeals process on top of existing processes, this bill would greatly increase the ability of banks to resist supervisory oversight and ignore or delay changes called for by supervisors. The impact would be most pronounced at the largest banks, which can receive dozens or hundreds of material findings from every examination. The ability to appeal every one of those material supervisory findings, or just to threaten to appeal them, would create an enormous new barrier to effective supervision of big banks.’’ In essence, Mr. Speaker, what we are saying is, we have our bank examiners who are going in and looking for ways to strengthen the banks and hoping that they will not find these adverse conditions, but, if they do, they have a responsibility to the consumers to try and get them corrected or to try and get changes made. b1400 This bill says, despite adverse conditions that are discovered, we don’t want to have to comply; we don’t want to have to change; we don’t want to have to correct. We want to fight you. We want to use our vast resources to say your examiners didn’t know what they were doing. They are not so much concerned about the consumers; rather, they are more concerned about just being a part of the bureaucracy. It doesn’t make good sense what they are saying about the examiners and why they are not important. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ), a senior member of the Financial Services Committee and the former chairman of the House Agriculture Committee. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be here for the second time in as many days to discuss a bill from Mr. TIPTON , my friend and our colleague from Colorado. I commend his dedication to find ways to bring more credit options to more Americans. This bill is no exception to that, and I thank him for sponsoring it. This Nation is founded on the idea that those who enforce the law are not those who ultimately judge those laws. This idea of due process is something all Americans respect and we enjoy, but in the case of financial institutions, there has been a noted lack of such process during appeals. If a bank or credit union today is assessed a postinspection penalty that they feel is based on inaccurate or incomplete information, the only recourse is back to the regulator that performed the inspection in the first place. Such an argument turns the concept of proper process upside down. At the very least, I think we would all agree with a number of my colleagues who have noted that the judge, the jury, and the executioner should be separate. There has to be a better way. This bill provides that better way by giving these institutions a new recourse so they can be assured of fair treatment. We all know this could be an expensive and timeconsuming process for a bank or credit union, which is all the more reason to provide fair treatment. Smaller banks and credit unions that go through this appeal process are possibly running the risk of losing an appeal that will severely limit their ability to offer credit. 
For that reason, a newer, fairer process will help all Americans by increasing access to credit. I am not pulling that idea out of thin air. The National Bankers Association, which represents minority bankers, supports the legislation. That should tell us how this bill will benefit every American who relies on the financial services and on credit. Finally, Mr. TIPTON ’s bill does not change the fact that some banks and credit unions will lose their appeals. No one is saying that bad actors should go unpunished. The point of the bill, however, is to make that process as fair as possible. By consolidating the appeals process into one office that is separate from the four main banking regulators, that fairness can be achieved. Again, Mr. Speaker, this bill not only supports the concept of due process, but it will also expand credit opportunities for all Americans. I again commend the bill and the author, and I urge my colleagues to vote in favor. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have left. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 13 minutes remaining. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4545 is yet another harmful bill that would help out Wall Street and predatory lenders. It has become a theme for the majority to claim that their legislation is meant to provide relief for small community banks, when, in fact, the legislation plainly benefits the Nation’s largest banks, including abusive megabanks like Wells Fargo and even payday lenders. This bill is yet another example. The bill would allow any bank as well as any nonbank supervised by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to appeal negative supervisory determinations made by regulators in the examination process. H.R. 4545 makes it more likely that bad actors, including predatory megabanks like Wells Fargo, would avoid or delay accountability when they break Federal law. It takes our system of financial regulation in exactly the wrong direction. Megabanks like Wells Fargo already treat the fines they are required to pay for violations of the law as simply the cost of doing business. They don’t need more escape routes to avoid accountability for their wrongdoing. I have made it clear many times that abusive megabanks with egregious patterns of harming consumers should face steep penalties from regulators. Last year I introduced H.R. 3937, the Megabank Accountability and Consequences Act, which would require the Federal prudential banking regulators to fully utilize existing authorities, such as the ability to shut down a megabank and ban culpable executives and directors from working in the banking industry. To get tough on megabanks that repeatedly engage in practices that harm consumers, Congress should be focused on measures that strengthen consumer protections, provide tailored, responsible relief for community banks, and ensure that abusive megabanks are held accountable. This bill, which would help megabanks and predatory lenders get off the hook when they break the law, should be rejected. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, again, this is a very commonsense bill, which is one of the reasons it is strongly bipartisan. I am sorry that the ranking member has not chosen to be part of that bipartisanship, but over half of the committee Democrats on our committee support it. Why? Because they understand that it is part of our American DNA to have due process. When we continue to lose a credit union or a community bank every day in America, on average, with their loss, we are losing home ownership opportunities, opportunities to grow businesses. Because of that regulatory burden, these exams can mean the difference between a credit union being open and not being open. They can mean the difference between a community bank being open or not open. Thus, it means the difference in our constituents getting homes and small business loans and auto loans. This is common sense. It simply says you ought to be able to appeal an exam, have a third party take a look at it. Everybody deserves due process in America, including our community banks and credit unions, so that is why it is so important that we enact H.R. 4545. It came out of our committee with a huge bipartisan vote. Let’s make sure credit continues to flow throughout America. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 4545, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . MAXINE  
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115– 595. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Federal Reserve’s large bank supervision program, underscoring there is more work that must be done. I have been pushing bank regulators to deploy the full suite of their enforcement tools against megabanks like Wells Fargo that repeatedly and carelessly break the law and harm millions of consumers. That is why I introduced, again, H.R. 3937, the Megabank Accountability and Consequences Act. So, no, I do not think it is appropriate to let megabanks like Wells Fargo hijack what should be regulatory relief for community banks so that they can challenge their exams. Nonbanks regulated by the Consumer Bureau, like Equifax or payday lenders, do not need this kind of regulatory relief either. My amendment narrows the scope of the bill on what should garner broad bipartisan support: sensible relief for the community banks and credit unions that need it. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues who truly want to help community banks and credit unions rather than Wall Street megabanks to support my amendment. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, again, what we are talking about here is fundamental due process: due process for every American, due process for every institution regardless of its size, regardless of its geography. This is about due process. As Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote: ‘‘Whatever disagreement there may be as to the scope of the phrase ‘due process of law,’ there can be no doubt that it embraces the fundamental conception of a fair trial, with opportunity to be heard.’’ He is one of the most famous jurists in all of American history. We are trying to ensure, again, that a bank examiner or a credit union examiner is not tantamount to judge, jury, prosecutor, cop on the beat, and executioner all rolled into one. There is no due process if your only practical appeal is to the person who rendered the judgment in the first place. So, number one, it is important that all Americans, all institutions receive due process, which is perhaps why even over half of the Democrats on the Financial Services Committee chose to support H.R. 4545. The ranking member’s amendment would set a threshold here, but her threshold, as she talks about these so called megabanks, at $10 billion, that is onehalf of 1 percent of the size of J.P. Morgan. So, Mr. Speaker, I don’t believe in toobigtofail banks. I know my friends on the other side of the aisle do. That is why they voted for the bailout fund to support these toobigtofail financial institutions with taxpayer funds. I don’t believe in toobigtofail institutions, but if I did, Mr. Speaker, if I did, it would be limited to maybe eight or nine banks in America. It certainly wouldn’t be applicable to any community bank, credit union, or regional bank. We have to remember, regardless of the size of the bank, it is their capital that is helping to capitalize our businesses. b1415 I am from Dallas, Texas. One of our major employers is American Airlines. I wish they could do business with First State Bank of Athens, but I suspect they do not. And so sometimes, yes, global banks are necessary to our economy, regional banks are necessary to our economy, community banks and credit unions are necessary to our economy. They are suffering under the sheer weight, load, volume, complexity, and expense of the regulatory burden, which the examination process is part of it. Let’s give them due process. Let’s give them fairness and ensure that credit can flow to every small business, every household that is worthy in America. Let’s reject the ranking member’s amendment, and let’s support the underlying bill, H.R. 4545. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Pursuant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  WATERS ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
REGULATION A+ IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 773, I call up the bill (H.R. 4263) to amend the Securities Act of 1933 with respect to small company capital formation, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 773, the amendment printed in part D of House Report 115–595 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 4263 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Regulation A+ Improvement Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Financial Services. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong support of H.R. 4263, the Regulation A+ Improvement Act. I want to thank the sponsor of this bipartisan legislation, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). He has been a huge leader on all capital formation issues within our committee and in this Congress. He is a real asset. His business acumen is well positioned to help serve us, and his leadership on this bill should be commended. Mr. Speaker, although small companies are at the forefront of technological innovation and job creation, they often face significant obstacles in obtaining funding in our capital markets. These obstacles generally stem from the disproportionately larger burden that securities regulations, written principally for large public companies, instead place on small companies when they seek to go public. In 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, known as JOBS Act, sought to modernize and better tailor some of these regulations, including Reg. A, under our securities law. Reg. 
Ohio (Mr. D AVIDSON ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for H.R. 4263, the Regulation A+ Improvement Act. I greatly appreciate my colleague, Representative MACARTHUR , for this bill and for our chairman for moving it through our committee, and, frankly, my colleagues from across the aisle who came together to recognize the need for this bill. As has already been stated, this has broad implications for small capital companies. I spent the past 15 years, prior to coming to Congress, growing small manufacturing companies, and I can greatly appreciate the challenge of raising capital. This is another means of doing that, but I want to highlight another area that it might be suitable. With approximately $4 billion of capital raised worldwide in 2017, it is fair to say that initial coin offerings are just another great way for startups to raise capital and grow their businesses. ICOs in Regulation A+ could work great together, and with Mr. MAC ARTHUR ’s bill, they can work even better. An example of this harmonization is the investorbased Reg. A+ allows investors of any wealth to participate. This Democratic process is a pillar for ICOs in terms of the premise behind distributed ledger technology. Another provision is antimoney laundering. Reg. A+ requires the validation of investors, as well as background checks on the principles of offering companies. This goes hand in hand with improving the credibility of ICO business practices and reducing the risk of loss. Compliance with Reg. A+ would mean a disclosure memorandum, not just a white paper. Reg. A+ provides ICO entrepreneurs and their startups with a viable path to compliance with SEC security regulation. So it is important that we have guardrails established in this explosive new industry, while not hampering the ability to grow the business. I urge my colleagues to support this vital legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I have extensive information here about what is happening with Regulation A+. At first, I decided that some of this information I wouldn’t share because I am so anxious for these small businesses to be able to access capital, but I think that, you know, some of my earlier concerns, perhaps, may have been justified. H.R. 4263, the socalled Regulation A+ Improvement Act, is opposed by consumer and investor advocates. I would like to take a moment to read some of their statements in opposition to this bill. Consumer Federation of America: ‘‘This bill would increase the offering limit, despite the fact that the SEC already has unlimited authority to raise the cap as it deems appropriate. Moreover, the SEC is required to review the offering limit every 2 years, with its next analysis expected to be released next month. . . . A vote for this bill, before the SEC has had a chance to complete its analysis, is a vote against evidencebased policymaking. ‘‘If Congress were to take the time to consider the research that the SEC has conducted on the Regulation A markets since the Regulation A+ rules were adopted, it would find that there currently is no need to raise the limit . . . data suggest that issuers generally are not clamoring for more capital than is currently allowed to them under the rules. . . . ‘‘The market’s tepid reaction to Regulation A offerings is surely also related to the largely abysmal performance of Regulation A offerings to date. . . . A recent Barron’s article provided an indepth review of the Regulation A market, describing the ‘woeful performance’ of the few dozen companies that are currently exchangelisted and the difficulty trading or getting a price quote for the vast majority of companies that aren’t exchange listed. The Barron’s article further described how ‘most Reg. A+ businesses haven’t gotten beyond the startup phase known as the pipedream.’ Some examples that the article cites include businesses seeking capital for cannabis paraphernalia, flying cars, studying UFOs, telepathy, and lightspeed travel. We wonder why the backers of this legislation would spend so much time and effort seeking to artificially prop up businesses of this sort. ‘‘And while Regulation A’s supporters have touted Regulation A’s job creating potential, the Barron’s article states that the only people Regulation A clearly has created jobs for are Regulation A underwriters and promoters on Wall Street, many of whom have ‘checkered stock market histories.’’’ Are these really the sort of jobs Congress is intending to promote? ‘‘In conclusion, because this bill arbitrarily increases the offering limit without evidence that doing so is either necessary or beneficial, and in the face of evidence that Regulation A offerings to date largely have been market failures, we urge you to vote ‘no.’’’ Let me just continue to quote. Americans for Financial Reform: ‘‘This is an unwarranted increase in the threshold. Most fundamentally, Congress should not be undermining public securities markets by expanding the ability of larger companies to make offerings while being exempt from core disclosure and investor protection requirements. Private offerings were designed to permit early stage capital raising from sophisticated investors by small companies, but the current cap of $50 million per year in private capital raising already permits fairly large companies to take advantage of this route. Additionally, the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, already has regulatory authority to increase the current threshold, which they examine on a biannual basis. . . . ‘‘Seven of the eight companies with Regulation A+ offerings in 2017 are down 42 percent from their offer prices, as compared to conventional offerings made during the same period, which are up 22 percent from offer prices. This is to be expected, given that Regulation A+ permits companies to avoid requirements such as disclosures that were designed to protect investors. If it expanded such exemptions, Congress would facilitate increased harm to investors. ‘‘Members should also take notice that with the blockchain and cryptocurrency fever, SEC filing and disclosure exemptions like Regulation A+ are becoming a popular avenue for initial coin offerings, ICOs. . . . ‘‘In the middle of this SEC crackdown on fraudulent ICOs, H.R. 4263 would potentially expose a larger number of investors—including nonaccredited, unsophisticated investors—to shady companies, Ponzi schemes, and exit scams. ‘‘The widespread use of private offerings reduces transparency and investor protections in capital markets. Raising capital under Regulation A+ should be used as an onramp to a true public offering and not as an end in itself for larger issuers. Increasing the annual threshold for exempted Regulation A+ offerings goes in the opposite direction.’’ Public Citizen had this to say: ‘‘Evidence shows little demand for this measure. A study by the SEC of Regulation A+ offerings found that the average issuer sought only $18 million. Moreover, these firms pose risk for investors, as the issuers had only an average of $50,000 in cash; no property, plants, and equipment; no revenues; and no net income. Increasing access to capital with no additional investor protections exacerbates the problem.’’ And so, yes, I do oppose the bill. Let me just say this. I would like small businesses to do well. I would like our small businesses to have access to the capital that they need to support, you know, good ideas that have been given the kind of research that is necessary to determine the potential for some of these businesses. You just heard this information from the Barron report. This is serious. What we have seen, despite the fact what we want to happen, is that it is not happening. The fact that we would like very much—and we have done everything that we could do with the JOBS Act to give support to our small businesses because we want them to thrive. We believe that they are job intensive, if they can get up and get going. It is not happening. What we are doing is we are exposing these little momandpop investors to situations where they are going to lose what small amounts of money they are investing. So let’s just be cool, let’s be calm, and let’s give the SEC the opportunity to do its analysis. There is no reason to push this now. 
I would ask my Members on the opposite side of the aisle to rethink and to join with me, oppose the bill so that we can give the SEC the opportunity, again, to do the kind of analysis it needs to do, and let’s think about what else can we do to help small businesses, rather than continue down the road of failure, because this is exactly what is being exposed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1500 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support this bipartisan legislation, H.R. 4263, the Regulation A+ Improvement Act, introduced by my colleague from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ). Congratulations to Mr. MACARTHUR  and the chairman for bringing this great legislation to the floor. This legislation would increase, from $50 million to $75 million, the offering exemption amount that companies can offer under the Securities and Exchange Commission’s, the SEC, Tier 2 of Regulation A, an amendment to the 2012 JOBS Act. As the owner of a small business, I understand firsthand the vital importance of making our Nation’s business climate competitive at all levels. Small businesses create nearly 70 percent of the new jobs in our country. Yet small businesses are only starting to see a resurgence from the struggling ecosystem created in the last Presidential era. Thanks to the recent tax cuts and regulatory changes, we have seen continued growth. H.R. 4263 would be the next step toward helping small companies raise necessary equity capital to enable them to grow and compete in a changing and dynamic marketplace. This will result in more jobs and more opportunities for our communities. This bill would expand the SEC’s Regulation A+ from $50 million to $75 million, and it would allow companies to consider mini IPOs or mini initial public offerings at a less costly alternative to raising capital. In my district, it is difficult to raise capital and secure a steady line of credit for developing and sustaining small businesses. I have experienced this very difficulty and struggle with clients I have represented in my own legal practice. This bill would help tremendously in improving access to capital for small companies that ultimately are the drivers of job growth in New York and across the Nation. Mr. Speaker, I want to again thank Mr. MACARTHUR and the bipartisan group of cosponsors for their hard work, and I urge my colleagues to support this great legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4263 is just another reckless partisan bill that could harm momandpop investors and weaken the integrity of the U.S. capital markets. It continues the efforts to repeal or weaken important regulatory protections under the guise of supporting jobs. Not only have my Republican colleagues failed to come up with any real data or analysis to support this claim, but they also completely substitute their own judgment for that of the SEC, the agency with the expertise over these issues. As I have already said, we only have to wait a few more weeks to see if the SEC decides to expand the Regulation A+ exemption and to understand its rationale for the decision. But I suppose a few weeks is a few weeks too long for my friends on the opposite side of the aisle who are currently pushing for as many of these kinds of bills as possible to be included in the Senate’s Dodd Frank rollback. Those bad bills would cause further harm to investors by allowing newly public companies to avoid audits of their controls over financial reporting for a decade; by hampering investors’ ability to get independent, reliable information ahead of a shareholder meeting; and by making it easier for fraudsters to swindle unsophisticated investors into buying stock in a fake or failing company. It should come as no surprise that these same harmful provisions show up in the CHOICE Act, which is 10 times worse than the Senate’s deregulatory bill. Mr. Speaker, both Democrats and Republicans want to help small businesses grow and create jobs, but as Members of Congress, we also have the responsibility to protect investors, particularly retail investors, who are looking to save for retirement, to buy a house, or to support our children’s education. As I have repeatedly said, any regulation must strike the right balance between capital formation in our securities markets and investor protection. This bill fails to do that, and that is why it is opposed by consumer and investor advocates like Americans for Financial Reform, Consumer Federation of America, and Public Citizen. Mr. Speaker, I would urge all Members to join me in standing up for investors and vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 4263, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ). The gentleman from Texas has 5
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MACARTHUR ), an entrepreneur, someone who brings years and years of experience in capital formation of building a business to help grow jobs and our economy. H.R. 4263, again, is, in part, an expansion of the JOBS Act, something that was signed into law by President Barack Obama. I didn’t agree with that particular President on many occasions, but he got this right, and this has been something good for the American economy. But what I fear is that, if we don’t go forward, we end up going backwards. And what we hear from our friends on the other side of the aisle is: Let’s keep the status quo. But, Mr. Speaker, the status quo is what brought us a 1.6 percent economy. The status quo is what brought paychecks to become stagnant. The status quo ensured that Americans did not recover their savings from the great financial crisis. Now we have the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, and now we have 3 percent economic growth; now we have the lowest unemployment rate in 17 years; now we have seen the greatest growth in paychecks in almost a decade; now we are seeing 90 percent—90 percent—of wage earners seeing a bigger paycheck, better takehome pay, because of the economic policies of this Republican Congress and of the Trump administration. So the gentleman from New Jersey has brought us, really, in some respects, an important but modest proposition: that we ought to increase the threshold for Reg A+ to $75 million. Again, we don’t know where the next Uber is coming from. We don’t know where the next Spotify is coming from. We don’t know where the next Apple is coming from. But do you know what, Mr. Speaker? We all know they need capital. And this is a valuable alley, chain, path in order to bring capital into our startup businesses. Now, a constant theme we hear from our friends on the other side of the aisle is consumer protection. Do you know what? Back in the 1980s, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts decided to protect their people from this flybynight company called Apple, which now is looking at an almost $1 trillion market cap valuation, and had you invested at the IPO, you would have a 45,000 percent rate of return. You could buy a home; your children could buy a home; your greatgrandchildren could buy a home. You could achieve your American Dream. But a government decided: No, you are too stupid to make this investment decision on your own. We must protect you. Nothing—nothing—in the bill from the gentleman from New Jersey alters the vast, vast array of consumer protection laws that are already on the books. Nothing in H.R. 4263 prevents the Department of Justice from pursuing criminal prosecutions of fraud. Nothing in the bill impacts the SEC’s ability to pursue civil actions for those 
who engage in fraud, negligent misrepresentations, negligent transactions. Nothing in this bill prevents the SEC from entering into cease and desist orders and imposing civil liabilities for those who violate SEC rules. Investors get to pursue Federal civil actions against those who defraud them, those who make untrue statements. So there are plenty of very important laws that are on our books. What we shouldn’t do, though, is protect our hardworking constituents from the ability to make decisions for themselves and participate in these early growth companies that now are only restricted to accredited investors. It is only the wealthiest who get to make these decisions. Well, in the land of the free, maybe a few more should, and maybe we ought to have a few more Apples, a few more Ubers, a few more Spotifys. I want to thank, again, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. MAC ARTHUR ), who has been a great leader in capital formation and job creation on our committee and in this Congress, and I want to urge all Members to adopt H.R. 4263. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 773, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentlewoman opposed to the bill? Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, I am opposed to it in its present form. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mrs. Beatty moves to recommit the bill H.R. 4263 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 3, line 10, strike ‘‘$75,000,000’’ and insert ‘‘$50,000,000’’. Page 3, line 23, insert the following new section: 
Mrs. BEATTY (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Ohio? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. Mrs. BEATTY. Mr. Speaker, this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit is simple and should be able to garner the support of every Member of this body who seeks to enhance our robust public and private markets while, at the same time, ensuring there are adequate safeguards in place for the benefit of Main Street investors. Specifically, this motion will accomplish two simple things: one, it will strike the increase in the offering limit to $75 million; and, two, it will require the SEC to review and revise their bad actor disqualification regulations prior to future increases in the offering threshold. Unfortunately, as currently written, with all due respect to my Republican colleagues, raising the offering threshold is a solution in search of a problem. Congress designated the SEC with regulating the offering. Congress decided the SEC would administer the offering. The SEC is the expert on Regulation A+, and it should be the one to raise the offering threshold, assuming the data supports such an increase. Under the law, the SEC will be reporting to Congress whether or not they will raise the threshold just next month. This bill is premature, and for the lawyers in the room, it is not ripe for review. So why wouldn’t we wait? Right now there is zero data to suggest Congress needs to raise the threshold, and it seems prudent to wait until next month to see what the SEC has to say before rushing to increase it. The majority argues this bill will allow companies to raise more money. I say this bill is a solution in search of a problem because only less than a handful of companies have ever actually raised the current maximum amount of $50 million. With regard to updating the bad actor disqualification regulation, Bloomberg recently published an article on Regulation A+ and the companies using the offering and found one executive of a company was convicted for filing false tax returns, another for obstructing justice, and another was accused of selling unregistered stock. For the sake of time, these are just a few examples. Are these really the types of individuals we want selling securities to Main Street momandpop investors? Another article, appearing in Barron’s, studied the hundreds of companies that have used Regulation A+ to raise funds, and I quote them: ‘‘We were supposed to get new jobs and new industries. Instead, we’ve gotten GoFundMestyle websites hawking penny stocks and professional wrestlers shilling shares on TV.’’ They went on to highlight some of the companies and the products availing themselves of the lightly regulated Regulation A+ offering, which included companies trying to make cannabis paraphernalia, flying cars, guns, and my personal favorite, the founder of a rock band seeking to raise money to study UFOs and lightspeed travel. Now, I am not trying to persuade Members that all companies seeking to raise money through Regulation A+ are Wolf of Wall Street or UFO chasers, because back in my home district, a Scottishbased company successfully used Regulation A+ to open their first brewery and restaurant in the United States. That example is exactly what Congress had in mind when it called for the creation of Regulation A+, and it is precisely the type of opportunity for investors that the law was intended to create. b1515 This is why we need to ensure that we maintain the integrity of the Regulation A+ offering and that we prevent bad actors from using it in a way to rip off and scam all of our constituents. That is why I urge Congress to adopt this motion, to stand up for strong public and private markets, to wait the 30 days when the SEC can come back to us, and to stand up for strong protections for Main Street investors. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, when I have said something incorrect, I wish to correct myself in front of my colleagues in the public. I earlier said that my colleagues were trying to give us status quo. I wish to correct myself. This motion to recommit is worse than status quo. It would take us back even further. The gentlewoman from Ohio should admit when she is wrong. She is wrong when she says this will not kill the bill. This will kill it. It will gut it. It will bury it 6 feet under. I think she knows that. So she is entitled to her opinion about what Reg. A+ should be, but she absolutely eviscerates the bipartisan bill that is before the House. Because many who are watching this may somehow think, ‘‘Oh, my Lord, there are no consumer protections for Reg. A+ offerings,’’ the basic requirements that are applicable to both Tier 1 and tier offerings include company eligibility requirements, bad actor disqualification requirements, issuer disclosure requirements, ongoing reporting requirements. And then for Tier 2 offerings, additional requirements: providing audited financial statements; requirement to file annual, semiannual, and current event reports; and limitation on the amount of security nonaccredited and accredited investors can purchase. 
Then those that are offered on an exchange have to adhere to the exchange’s listing standards, including corporate governance requirement, background checks on the management and board, shareholder approval of certain corporate actions, and the list goes on. Mr. Speaker, I think there is a good case here. Anybody who picked up a newspaper recently would find out that, yesterday, the SEC charged Theranos with raising more than $700 million from investors through exaggerated and false statements about the company’s technology. Guess what. In announcing the enforcement decision, here is what the SEC noted: 
The charges make clear that there is no exemption—no exemption—from the antifraud provisions of the Federal securities laws simply because a company is nonpublic, developmentstage, or the subject of exuberant media attention. 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (TN) Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Davis, Danny Ellison Katko Lipinski Loudermilk Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Slaughter Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1548 Messrs. OLSON, RUTHERFORD, ABRAHAM and STEWART changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. LARSEN of Washington, Mses. SHEAPORTER and BLUNT ROCHESTER changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was rejected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 246, nays 170, not voting 14, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Eshoo Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Davis, Danny Ellison Katko Lipinski Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Scalise Slaughter Speier Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 283, nays 133, not voting 14, as follows: [Roll No. 112] YEAS—283 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—133 
Adams Barraga´n Bass Beatty Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano SheaPorter Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Davis, Danny Ellison Katko Lipinski Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Ross Scalise Slaughter Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 113. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 235, noes 177, not voting 18, as follows: [Roll No. 114] AYES—235 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas 
Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth 
Carter (TX) Cartwright Costa Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Ellison Joyce (OH) Katko Lipinski Nolan Reichert Rice (NY) RosLehtinen Scalise Slaughter Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 110, ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 111, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 112, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 113, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 114. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 2018, TO MONDAY, MARCH 19, 2018 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, March 19, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morning hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H. RES. 774 Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ) be removed as a cosponsor of H. Res. 774. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE CONSIDERED AS PRIMARY SPONSOR OF H.R. 138 Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the primary sponsor of H.R. 138, a bill originally introduced by Representative Conyers of Michigan, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
FRANKLINSIMPSON SPORTS ANNOUNCERS (Mr. COMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. James Mooneyhan and Mr. Steve Thurmond for their contributions to Simpson County in the First Congressional District of Kentucky. These two community leaders have not only served as ambassadors for FranklinSimpson High School throughout their careers and collectively witnessed over 33 years of sports history, but have contributed to the economic development and wellbeing of their fellow citizens during their careers in public service. Off air, Steve Thurmond is the executive director of the FranklinSimpson Chamber of Commerce, and James Mooneyhan has served as Simpson County’s jailer. From state championship titles to their children’s successes, their commentary continually showcased the fervent pride Simpson Countians hold for their community. The excitement and spirit resulting from the unique blend of their personalities will be extremely difficult to replace, and their retirement marks the end of an era for this storied program. Although the voices of Franklin Simpson athletics will soon be broadcast throughout the region for the last time, I join with the entire community to thank them for the laughs and unforgettable memories they have provided over the last 25 years. I look forward to seeing these Wildcat fans on the sidelines for years to come. f 
RUSSIAN CHEMICAL ATTACK IN THE UNITED KINGDOM (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to strongly condemn the March 4 chemical attacks conducted by the Kremlin in Salisbury, England, against former Russian intelligence officer Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia. Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey, the first on the scene, has also been hospitalized. Mr. Speaker, Vladimir Putin continues to display a pattern of interfering with and undermining the democratic processes and institutions in contravention of the rulesbased international order. We have seen that in Russia’s frequent disruptive cyber operations and now chemical warfare. How far will they push things? Mr. Speaker, that is why I, along with Representatives MEEKS , W ILSON , COLE, HOLDING , and S IRES, introduced a resolution this afternoon condemning this attack, calling for accountability for this and all chemical and biological attacks and standing in firm partnership with our friends and allies in the United Kingdom. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me in cosponsoring this important statement of solidarity in condemnation and also in praying for the health of Sergei, Yulia, and Nick. 
b1630 THANKING PENN STATE STUDENTS FOR THEIR FIGHT AGAINST PEDIATRIC CANCER (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Penn State students for their fight against pediatric cancer. THON, a 46hour dance marathon, took place February 16 through 18, and students raised $10,151,663 for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Children’s Hospital. Four Diamonds ensures that families that are battling pediatric cancer are not faced with any costs, allowing them to fully focus on the needs of their child. THON is the largest studentrun student philanthropy in the world, but it all began in 1973 by a group of students looking to add excitement to a dreary February in central Pennsylvania and for a way to give back to the community. Today, THON engages more than 15,000 students each year and has inspired other university, high school, middle school, and elementary school students across the Nation to start dance marathons of their own, all in hopes of conquering pediatric cancer. 
Mr. Speaker, I am in awe of the power of our Penn State students and their care and concern for others, and I thank them for this outstanding contribution to the community. 
OUR FAILURE TO STOP THE SLAUGHTER IN SYRIA IS SHAMEFUL (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, today, the brutal conflict in Syria enters its eighth year. As we meet, safe and secure in this Chamber, the Syrian regime, with the support of its principal ally, Russia, is pulverizing Eastern Ghouta. On February 24, the U.N. Security Council unanimously passed a resolution demanding a 30day ceasefire across Syria. This was supposed to permit a ‘‘durable humanitarian pause’’ so that aid could be delivered and people who are critically sick and wounded could be evacuated. It hasn’t worked. Instead, a brutal campaign of airstrikes, shelling, and ground offensives has intensified. Populated areas remain under siege. The targeting of civilians continues, and hundreds more men, women, and children have been killed. In the words of the U.N. Secretary General: ‘‘Syria is bleeding inside and out.’’ Mr. Speaker, our failure to stop this terrible slaughter is shameful. It is unacceptable. We must urgently work with our allies, put an end to this nightmare, and find a path forward. 
CONGRATULATING JOHNSTOWN’S ENVIRONMENTAL TANK AND CONTAINER COMPANY (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate Johnstown’s Environmental Tank and Container Company, a division of JWF Industries, for being named Manufacturer of the Year at the Sixth Annual 2018 Oil & Gas Awards. The Manufacturer of the Year Award recognizes the outstanding contributions that a manufacturer has made to the industry in the region, such as advances made in environmental stewardship, efficiency, innovation, community leadership, and health and safety, and I am proud of ETC’s achievement. Manufacturing is a key to a nation’s prosperity and drives the American economy. As America competes on a global scale, it is critical that this industry continues to grow, creating a wealth of job opportunities for all Americans. Over 500,000 people in Pennsylvania rely on the strength of the manufacturing sector. Before the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the United States had the highest business tax rates in the industrialized world. Now this law is removing this economic choke hold, putting American businesses at a more favorable corporate tax rate than their foreign competitors, and also allowing companies to write off the full cost of new equipment when it is purchased. America is gaining its competitive edge, and the manufacturing industry is at the forefront of this success story. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHRIS HAZENCOMB (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Chris Hazencomb. Chris attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Chris was a sports junkie who loved the Angels, Raiders, and Lakers. He worked at the local Walmart and is remembered by all of his customers as being very friendly. Chris was close to his mother, Maryanne, and even had a gift for her with him while at the festival. Chris died shielding his friend, Nikki, from gunfire with his own body. He is remembered for his love of helping people and his constant need to put others before himself. I would like to extend my condolences to Chris’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STEPHEN HAWKING (Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, yesterday our world lost the beloved Stephen Hawking, a man who spent his life defying all obstacles and pursuing the depths of human knowledge. He is the epitome of proving your circumstances don’t define you. Hawking faced being told in his early twenties that he only had a few years to live. Fearlessly, he went on to not only beat those odds, but, along the way, demonstrated the beginning and the end of our universe as we know it today. Hawking taught us that, if you dare to dream and work hard, you can succeed; and I know he is responsible for inspiring many of our scientific minds, both young and old alike. As we celebrate his life, let us remember not only his accomplishments, academic and otherwise, but his fighting spirit. We are grateful for all he taught us and the legacy he left our world. Let us all remember him by embracing his steadfast determination and lead lives of action, as he did. MAPLE WEEKEND (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exciting spring tradition in upstate New York and, particularly, the 22nd Congressional District. VernonVeronaSherrill School District, or VVS, is holding its Maple Weekend this coming weekend. Maple Weekend is run for two weekends each year by the Future Farmers of America, also known as FFA. This FFA organization has approximately 125 members, and its success has been recognized both on the State and national levels. Despite the two nor’easters that New York has received in March alone, VVS’ FFA organization has worked tirelessly to prepare for the upcoming maple season. This weekend, VVS will join 170 other local organizations across New York to prepare demonstrations on how to harvest and produce maple syrup products, host pancake breakfasts which feature our award winning syrup, and provide tours of the mouthwatering ‘‘sugar shack,’’ where maple products are created. Last year, VVS’ Maple Weekend extravaganza drew more than 2,000 visitors. I am thrilled to attend each year and to take part in this educational and delicious local event that is expertly organized each year by high school students from FFA. These same FFA members from VVS travel throughout New York State, from Buffalo to New York City, using their Maple Syrup Trailer to educate other high school students across our State, teaching them how to produce maple syrup and to produce maple candies and other delicious maple products. New York State still produces the very best maple syrup in the world and is continually winning the award for the best maple syrup. I would like to congratulate these outstanding VVS and FFA students on their hard work, and I wish them and the hundreds of other maple producers across the State the best of luck during this very difficult season for maple production. 
CELEBRATING THE 106TH BIRTHDAY OF THE GIRL SCOUTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Girl Scouts of the USA on their 106th birthday and to commend the organization for helping girls become leaders in their communities and in our Nation. It is fitting that the Girl Scouts’ birthday falls during Women’s History Month. 
In 1912, Juliette Gordon Low founded the first Girl Scout troop, with 18 girls, in Savannah, Georgia. 106 years later, more than 50 million women are Girl Scout alums, and the program reaches nearly 2 million girls. Today, Girl Scout alums launch rockets into space, serve as CEOs of international companies, sit on academic boards, and more. As we celebrate the Girl Scouts’ 106th birthday this week and Women’s History Month, I applaud the Girl Scout councils that serve girls in my State for building girls of courage, confidence, and character, who make the world a better place. I am proud that this program was founded in the First Congressional District of Georgia and in my hometown of Savannah, Georgia. 
TERMINALLY ILL PATIENTS DESERVE THE RIGHT TO TRY (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to voice my displeasure that the House was unable to pass the Right to Try Act this week. This bill would have allowed very sick or terminally ill patients to request access to drugs and treatments that have yet to be approved by the FDA. For any patient dealing with a serious, lifethreatening illness, a sliver of hope can go a long way. Yet, for some reason, even after the Senate, of all places, passed this proposal nearly unanimously, some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle blocked this measure from passing. Sick patients deserve the right to utilize every possible tool at their disposal, even if it is still experimental. The government really has no business telling a terminally ill patient they cannot pursue a certain avenue of treatment, and, as its name suggests, this legislation gives them the right to try. I thank Mr. RUTHERFORD for his work on this legislation. I urge the House to bring this back to the floor and pass it as quickly as possible. 
THE PARALYSIS THAT BESETS THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I am delighted to have the opportunity to share some thoughts with you during this Special Order hour at the request of the minority leader. I am a professor of constitutional law, as those of you who watch our proceedings here may know by now, and I would like to talk about the Constitution, and I will get there before this is over. But I want to start, Mr. Speaker, with a basic question of political science, which is: Why does it seem as if it is so hard for us to get the people’s business done in Congress these days? Why does it seem so difficult that, even when we have a vast consensus on what to do about a particular issue, we still can’t get it done? Why is it that the approval rating of our institution, according to the most recent Rasmussen poll, is at 15 percent, which I think most people would agree is a pretty dismal showing for the people’s Congress and here in the people’s House. Well, I want to talk about this problem in some historical and constitutional perspective, and I hope that it opens up some roots of thinking and feeling that might enable us to transcend some of the paralysis that now besets the United States Congress. Of course, the simple explanation that is often given colloquially is that everybody in Washington is just fighting, and you have got the two parties at each others’ throats, and everybody is so divided that nothing happens. This explanation, although it turns out to be wrong, of course, has a long lineage to it. In fact, the Founders wrote very widely at the time our Constitution was adopted about the problem of faction, and they said, if you look at James Madison in Federalist No. 10, for example, he identifies faction as the central problem in the political life of a democracy. But he says that the latent causes of faction are sewn in the nature of man, and we see them everywhere. Madison cites a zeal for different opinions concerning religion, concerning government, and many other points, as well as speculation as a practice. He cites, also, an attachment to different leaders ambitiously contending for preeminence and power; and he invokes the human passions that have divided mankind into parties, inflaming them with mutual animosity. So strong is this propensity of mankind to fall into mutual animosities, Madison writes, ‘‘that where no substantial occasion presents itself, the most frivolous and fanciful distinctions have been sufficient to kindle their unfriendly passions and incite their most violent conflicts.’’ b1645 In other words, even when there is not something real and big to be fighting about, people will find something small, trivial, and petulant to fight about. And those of you with little brothers and sisters might agree that is just the way it is. Sometimes it is in human nature for people to fight. But the Founders understood that faction was something that would arise in a democratic society where people have the liberty of thought and expression. In fact, Madison said one of the ways that you could deal with the problem of faction is to destroy the liberty that gives rise to faction, but that, of course, plunges us into authoritarianism, monarchy dictatorship. One way you get rid of all the different views is you go to one party. You create a oneparty state like they have got in North Korea, and then there is no conflicts because everybody does what the one party says. So Madison dismisses that and says that is not going to work. We are not going to be able to remove the sources of faction, but why don’t we try to control the effects of faction. And the way you do that, he said, is that if—in order to control the effects of a majority tyranny is you have a bill of rights that defends the rights of the minority so that people in the majority can implement their policy preferences, but they can’t extinguish the rights of the minority, the right to speak, the right of press, the right to dissent, the right to vote, and so on. But also, Madison said, if you extend the size of the republic, if you create a big country, then even if you get a majority on one particular issue, the majorities are shifting because then you will have a different majority on another issue and a different majority on another issue and so on. But what happens, he says, if you have a faction that is tyrannizing the society, but it is not a majority faction, it is a minority faction? What if you have a small group that is able to hijack the process and prevent the majority from having its way? Well, he thought, there, democratic processes and Republican government would take care of it. He says this: ‘‘If a faction consists of less than a majority’’—a minority of people—‘‘relief is supplied by the republican principle, which enables the majority to defeat its sinister views by regular vote.’’ The minority ‘‘may clog the administration, it may convulse the society, but it will be unable to execute and mask its violence under the forms of the Constitution.’’ In other words, Madison is assuming that, when it comes to public policy, the majority will eventually get its way if the governmental process is working correctly. Now, let’s fastforward to 2018. I am taking three issues where the vast majority of the American people agree as to what should be done to deal with this serious, serious public policy problem. Let’s start with the problem of high prescription drug prices. Now, Congress passed a law saying that the government could not negotiate for lower prescription drug prices in the Medicare program with the big pharmaceutical companies, and it will not surprise you to learn that the big pharmaceutical companies who invest a lot of money and campaign contributions also paid for a lot of lobbyists to go and lobby for that provision to be put into the law. So the Federal Government can negotiate for lower prescription drug prices 
in the Medicaid program, it can negotiate for lower prescription drug prices in the VA program, but for Medicare, because this provision got slipped into the law, we can’t negotiate; and it is costing the taxpayers $25 billion to $30 billion a year, and, of course, driving up everybody’s prescription drug prices. The majority of Americans have at least one prescription drug, and one fifth of Americans have four or more prescription drugs. Well, 92 percent of Americans support allowing the Federal Government to negotiate freemarket style with the prescription drug companies for lower prices in Medicare—92 percent of Americans support that. All right. So that is case number one. Hold that in mind. Case number two. This is something that should be familiar to you, in the wake of the discussion about the Parkland massacre that took place. I tried not to lapse into calling it a tragedy. Romeo and Juliet, that is a tragedy. Hamlet, that is a tragedy. Macbeth, that is a tragedy. What happened in Parkland, Florida, was a massacre. It was terrorism that took place in a public school. It was a preventable public policy debacle that that young man could walk into a gun store and purchase an AR–15 and that AR–15s are so available that people can get them even when they are not qualified to possess even a handgun. In any event, after Parkland and after the Pulse massacre, and after the Las Vegas massacre, and after the San Bernardino County massacre, and after the Sandy Hook massacre, and after the Virginia Tech massacre, guess what, 95 percent of American voters— 95 percent support a universal criminal and mental background check on all firearm purchases in the United States. That is more than 9 out of 10 Americans—19 out of 20 Americans. If you include the margin of error, it might be 98 percent. It might be almost everybody except for the leadership of the NRA and the CEOs of gun manufacturers who support a universal background check. If you go to a licensed gun dealer and you can’t purchase a gun because you failed the background check, why should you be able to go to a gun show and buy one? Why should you be able to go to the internet or the parking lot of a 7–Eleven and buy one? It doesn’t make any sense. So the common sense of the American people, 95 percent of American voters favor universal background checks, yet nothing is happening. Just like with giving the government the power to lower prescription drug prices, despite the fact that more than, you know, 9 out of 10 Americans support it. The President of the United States, President Trump, called for it in both of his two State of the Union Addresses. I think the vast majority of the Members of Congress would vote for it if it were brought up for vote, yet nothing happening. So that is case number two. Let’s look at case number three. Another thing that has been very much on the mind of the public and in the public policy debate, 83 percent of Americans favor continuing the DACA program and passing the Dream Act and allowing the Dreamers a path to citizenship in the United States. These, of course, are 800,000 young people who were brought to America with their families when they were kids, grew up here, know this as their country, are in the armed services, are working here, are in school. And we have 83 percent of the American people who say, quite logically, exercising their common sense, let’s create a pathway for those people if they are in school, if they are working, if they are in the armed services, to stay here and to become American citizens, yet, again, nothing happening in Congress. Okay. Now, why not? What is it that is going on? So we go back to the problem of faction. Obviously, people are going to have different views. That is the oxygen of democracy. There is nothing wrong with that. We are not ashamed of that. We have different political parties here. It is much better to have two parties or more than that, than to have one party, a oneparty system. You know, Thomas Jefferson, in his first inaugural address, said: ‘‘We are all republicans, we are all federalists.’’ Lincoln tried to strike the same note when he first took office, and Lincoln said: ‘‘We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection.’’ So our greatest Presidents and our greatest leaders have understood we fight like cats and dogs in elections. That is how it works in a democratic society. There is a political contest. But once we are in, we try to stand for the whole public, the whole common good. We try to remember that we are not just here to represent one party. Washington reminded people that the word ‘‘party’’ comes from the French word ‘‘fete’’, a part, one part of the whole. You represent a party. You are just representing a part of the whole. We have got to try to aspire to represent everybody. Yet, given the human condition, given the nature of political passions and moral passions that Madison discusses in Federalist 10, we know that parties are inevitable. Okay. We accept that in a democratic society. We cherish the fact that people can form political parties that articulate different agendas and different values. So that is not the problem. So what is the problem? Why is it the case that the United States Congress cannot even bring to a vote three measures that have overwhelming public support: to allow the government to negotiate for lower prescription drug prices; to pass a universal criminal and mental background check; and to pass the Dream Act to help deal with the crisis of these young people who have been thrown into a limbo because of President Trump’s action last year? Why can’t we do it? Well, there are a couple of reasons I want to identify, and then I want to call on all of us in Congress to try to take us to a higher ground. The young people who are protesting about the nightmare of gun violence, which makes America an absolute outlier state—in terms of industrialized countries, our rate of homicide and suicide by gun violence is simply off the charts when you compare it to other industrialized countries like the United Kingdom or Canada or France or Japan. It is not even close. We are losing tens of thousands of people a year. The point I was making here is that we have this puzzlement about why we can have massive popular agreement and consensus, political consensus as to what to do, yet a bottleneck in Congress where we get this paralysis and this inaction. The young people who have ignited a revolution across the country against political complacency with respect to gun massacres in public places like schools and movie theaters and concerts and churches and so on, they are focused very heavily on the problem of money and politics, and I think that the vast majority of the American people exercising their common sense would agree that money and politics distorts the public agenda. We know that the NRA has put tens of millions of dollars into our politics, just as we know the prescription drug manufacturers have put tens of millions of dollars into our politics, so I think the right to identify that is one strand of the problem. But even with that, I think here, in Congress, there is a major failure of political leadership, Mr. Speaker, and I think it goes to something that, at least, used to be called the Hastert Rule. Well, the former speaker has been discredited, but the rule, unfortunately, is still operational. And the Hastert Rule is a rule that has been adopted by the majority caucus, which says that no legislation will be brought to the floor of the House of Representatives unless it passes the Republican caucus first. Now, think about what that means. If you have got legislation like the Dream Act or like a universal criminal/ mental background check act, which has unanimous support by the Democrats and substantial support by the Republicans, such that it would pass overwhelmingly in this body, it never sees the light of day on the floor of the House of Representatives because their rule is they won’t bring it out of the GOP caucus to the floor for a vote unless it can get a majority within the caucus. This means that the majority will, not just of the country, but the majority will of this body is thwarted and frustrated by the Hastert Rule, which I wish Speaker Hastert had taken with him when he left the House of Representatives, because it is fundamentally undemocratic, and we are seeing right now the cost of this rule, which 
enshrines minority preferences and minority control against majority public opinion. Now, I hasten to say, of course, we have got a bill of rights, so what we are talking about is not allowing the majority to trample the constitutional rights of the minority. What is happening here is that a political minority is trampling the policy rights of the majority so that the majority policy preferences of the American people and of Congress are being stymied by virtue of minority control in this body. b1700 Now, this is something that our distinguished and thoughtful colleagues on the other side of the aisle can fix. They can say they are no longer going to abide by that rule. They will allow us to have a hearing on a universal criminal background check. They will allow us to have a hearing on whether the government can negotiate for lower prescription drug prices. They will allow us to have a hearing on the Dream Act, and they will allow us to have a vote on it. We are not saying everybody has got to agree. They have got the right to vote against it. But doesn’t the minority at least have a right to a vote on those issues which reflect the massive policy preferences of the American people? Don’t we think that has got something to do with the very low esteem within which we are held by the American people today? That, when it is very clear what almost all Americans want, we cannot legislate their preferences into law? Mr. Speaker, in Federalist Paper No. 10, Madison told us that the problem of democracy is the problem of faction. And right now we have got a tiny minority faction driving the entire train of government, and there is not enough space, there is not enough room, for the will of the people to govern. That is why America is disenchanted with the leadership of Congress and what is happening here. We are seeing it in election results around the country. We are seeing it in public opinion polls. We are seeing it in marches and rallies and walkouts all over the country, and that is good. Because in their wisdom, the Founders also gave us the First Amendment, which gave the people a right to petition for redress of grievances, a right to assemble, as the young people assembled yesterday on the lawn of the Capitol building and in front of the White House. It gives us the right of free press so we can write about what is actually taking place here in Congress. It gives us a right against establishment of religion and for free exercise of religion. It gives everybody the right of free speech so we can talk about what is going on. The Founders never guaranteed us perfection. Madison said, if people were perfect, we wouldn’t need government in the first place. But they gave us a structure within which we could improve things, reform things, and make things better. Yet, the Members of Congress who are now in charge, in the driver’s seat, are blocking off the hall. They are thwarting progress across the board on everything from prescription drug prices to the ban on assault weapons and a universal criminal/mental background check, and to the Dreamers. The American people are increasingly unsatisfied and frustrated with this situation. So I come back, finally, to the responsibility of each one of us who has been entrusted with the high honor and responsibility of coming to Congress. Madam Speaker, the original democratic philosophers distinguished between sovereignty and government. Government is just the people who go to do the job. Sovereignty belongs always with the people. We the people. That is why the right of free speech and protest and assembly are so critical. That is where the people come together and tell us what they want; the right to come to the town meetings, to call us up, to email us, and so on. But we have got a high responsibility. Those of us who aspire and attain to public office are nothing but the servants of the people. There are no kings here. There are no queens here. There are no titles of nobility in the United States of America. It is in the Constitution. We have no slaves here. We have no serfs here. Just equal citizens, all of us. Those of us who get into public office are acting as the servants of those people we are sent here to represent. Madam Speaker, our people want us to get past all of the procedural obstacles and choke holds that have been put up here at the behest of big money and big special interests, and they want us to get a job done. Let us start with these three things, which the vast overwhelming majority of the American people—Democrats, Republicans, Independents alike, everybody—agree we need: A universal criminal/mental background check on firearm purchases in America. We need to give the government the power to negotiate in Medicare for lower drug prices for our people so our mothers and fathers and grandparents can get the prescription drugs they need at affordable prices. We need to pass a Dream Act so we can deal with the crisis situation of hundreds of thousands of young people whose lives have been thrown into limbo over the last year. We can do those things. We can make that happen. Madam Speaker, I would invite you or any other Member of Congress to respond. I reach out in a spirit of openness, affection, and, as much as possible, transpartisanship to say: We have got to get America moving in the right direction again. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 3210. An act to require the Director of the National Background Investigations Bureau to submit a report on the backlog of personnel security clearance investigations, and for other purposes. 
A message also announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1869. An act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordinator. f 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 1177. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands conveyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 188. An act to amend title 31, United States Code, to prohibit the use of Federal funds for the costs of painting portraits of officers and employees of the Federal Government, and for other purposes. S. 324. An act to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the provision of adult day health care services for veterans. f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 13, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills. 
H.R. 3893. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 4042. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’. H.R. 4285. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3821. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zack T. Addington Post Office’’. H.R. 3638. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3655. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 
Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’. H.R. 3369. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 3109. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2815. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’. H.R. 2873. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2464. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’. H.R. 2672. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’. H.R. 2254. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’. H.R. 2302. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’. H.R. 1858. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’. H.R. 1988. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’. H.R. 1208. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’. H.R. 294. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’. H.R. 452. To designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. RASKIN. Madam Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 19, 2018, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 4566. A bill to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to provide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test requirements under such Act; with an amendment (Rept. 115–601). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. SOTO (for himself, Mr. V ELA, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Mr. AGUILAR , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. GRIJALVA , Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. C OSTA , Ms. NORTON , and Ms. C LARKE of New York): H.R. 5292. A bill to establish a task force to review new decennial census questions and their impact on response rates for minorities, the accuracy of the census, redistricting, costs and funding distribution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself and Mr. GOODLATTE ): H.R. 5293. A bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions that were formerly classified to title 50, Appendix, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself, Ms. TITUS, and Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky): H.R. 5294. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on economic development in Appalachia, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. GOODLATTE ): H.R. 5295. A bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to provisions classified to chapters 44, 45, 46, and 47 of title 50, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. GOODLATTE ): H.R. 5296. A bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 2, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. NADLER (for himself and Mr. GOODLATTE ): H.R. 5297. A bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 52, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself and Mr. SUOZZI ): H.R. 5298. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to deem drugs or other substances that act as opioid mu receptor agonists to be in schedule I, subject to exceptions for substances intended for legitimate medical or research use, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5299. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer to Scenic Rivers Development Alliance certain National Forest System land in the State of Mississippi; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 5300. A bill to provide agencies with discretion in securing information technology and information systems; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. JONES , Mr. T URNER , Mr. W ITTMAN , Ms. SHEAPORTER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. COLE, Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. PEARCE , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. GABBARD , Ms. R OSEN , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. KILMER , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. CAPUANO , and Mrs. R OBY): H.R. 5301. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to prohibit the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from requiring a surviving spouse of a veteran to return certain payments for a month in which the veteran dies; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DEFAZIO (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G ENE GREEN  of Texas, and Mr. NADLER ): H.R. 5302. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide that an individual’s entitlement to any benefit thereunder shall continue through the month of his or her death (without affecting any other person’s entitlement to benefits for that month) and that such individual’s benefit shall be payable for such month only to the extent proportionate to the number of days in such month preceding the date of such individual’s death; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BISHOP of Utah (for himself, Mrs. LOVE, Mr. S TEWART , and Mr. CURTIS ): H.R. 5303. A bill to amend title 13, United States Code, to provide for the more accurate and complete enumeration of certain overseas Americans in the decennial census, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. RASKIN (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Ms. J AYAPAL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania): H.R. 5304. A bill to prohibit Federal agencies from using Government funds to pay for the lodging of agency employees at establishments that are owned by or employ certain public officials or their relatives; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. HARPER (for himself, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. WALKER , Mr. L OUDERMILK , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. R ASKIN ): H.R. 5305. A bill to amend title 44, United States Code, to ensure the availability of no fee public access to government information, to reform the Federal Depository Library Program, to authorize the activities of the Superintendent of Documents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself and Mrs. DINGELL ): H.R. 5306. A bill to reauthorize the Money Follows the Person Demonstration Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5307. A bill to require that certain Federal education funds be used for the improvement of security at elementary and secondary schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Mr. POLIQUIN ): H.R. 5308. A bill to amend title 31, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint and issue quarter dollars in commemoration of the Nineteenth Amendment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. KELLY of Mississippi): H.R. 5309. A bill to amend the Second Morrill Act to authorize the transmission to Congress of annual reports prepared by colleges endowed under such Act; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. H IGGINS  of Louisiana, Mr. WEBER of Texas, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. YODER , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. PERRY , Mr. S ANFORD , and Mr. CHABOT ): H.R. 5310. A bill to waive certain procurement provisions for a project that receives funds from certain Federal agencies; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, Agriculture, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BLACKBURN (for herself, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire, and Mr. MACARTHUR ): H.R. 5311. A bill to reauthorize and expand the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BONAMICI (for herself and Mr. KILMER ): H.R. 5312. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to reauthorize the Federal workstudy program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. SANFORD , and Mr. H ARRIS ): H.R. 5313. A bill to provide for automatic continuing appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. ESHOO , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. KILMER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. J ONES , Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. R USH, Mr. RYANof Ohio, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. O’ROURKE , Mr. H ECK, and Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico): H.R. 5314. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for unlimited eligibility for health care for mental illnesses for veterans of combat service during certain periods of hostilities and war; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself and Mr. COHEN ): H.R. 5315. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to promulgate regulations to prohibit the storage of live animals in overhead compartments of airplanes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5316. A bill to authorize appropriations for the seniors farmers’ market nutrition program for fiscal years 2019 through 2023; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself, Mr. KILMER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. HECK, and Mr. C OLE): H.R. 5317. A bill to repeal section 2141 of the Revised Statutes to remove the prohibition on certain alcohol manufacturing on Indian lands; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5318. A bill to establish State infrastructure banks for education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MAST (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. D EUTCH ): H.R. 5319. A bill to transfer Coast Guard property in the Town of Jupiter Island, Florida, for inclusion in Hobe Sound National Wildlife Refuge; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H.R. 5320. A bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to prohibit the Secretary of a military department from entering into a lease of real property for the use of the department unless the Secretary first certifies that facilities of real property owned by the United States may not be reconfigured to support the purpose of the proposed lease in an appropriate and costeffective manner, to require the Secretary of the Defense to provide more accurate information on the costs incurred in leasing real property for the use of the Department of Defense, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself, Mr. MEADOWS , and Mr. L OEBSACK ): H.R. 5321. A bill to improve communication from Federal agencies to individuals by requiring clear instructions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5322. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide for a national program to conduct and support activities toward the goal of significantly reducing the number of cases of overweight and obesity among individuals in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BARLETTA (for himself and Ms. TITUS): H. Con. Res. 115. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of the Capitol Grounds for the National Peace Officers Memorial Service and the National Honor Guard and Pipe Band Exhibition; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. CONAWAY: H. Res. 785. A resolution expressing support for continued cooperation between Israel and the United States to ensure adequate capabilities to counter Iran’s destabilizing activities and support shared interests, including stability and safety in the Middle East, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. LANGEVIN (for himself, Mr. COLE, Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. MEEKS , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. H OLDING): H. Res. 786. A resolution condemning the chemical weapons attack on Sergei Skripal, a former Russian intelligence officer, and his daughter on March 4, 2018, and extending its sympathies to those affected by the attack, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 166. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 176, urging Congress and the President of the United States to enact a longterm reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 167. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Resolution 73, urging the President and the Congress of the United States to permanently safeguard and protect the Pacific Coast’s Outer Continental Shelf from new oil and gas leasing, and declaring the Senate’s unequivocal support for the current federal prohibition on new oil or gas drilling in federal waters offshore of the Pacific coast, its opposition to the proposed 5year National Offshore Oil and Gas Leasing Program on the Outer Continental Shelf or any attempts to modify that prohibition, and its determination to consider any appropriate actions to maintain the current prohibition; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 168. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of New Jersey, relative to Senate Concurrent Resolution No. 111, memorializing the United States Congress to enact legislation to reduce the risk of harm from firearm sales; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5292. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5293. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 5294. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) and Article I, Section 10, Clause 3 (relating to interstate compacts). By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 5295. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 5296. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, By Mr. NADLER: H.R. 5297. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. ROE of Tennessee: H.R. 5298. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1, with respect to the power to ‘‘lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises,’’ and to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare of the United States.’’ By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5299. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 (Property Clause) By Mr. PALMER: H.R. 5300. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 5301. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. DEFAZIO: H.R. 5302. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) By Mr. BISHOP of Utah: H.R. 5303. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 3 of Section 2 of Article I of the Constitution By Mr. RASKIN: H.R. 5304. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 (Necessary and Proper Clause) By Mr. HARPER: H.R. 5305. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Artilce 1, Section 8: ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof.’’ By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5306. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. KNIGHT: H.R. 5307. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Ms. LEE: H.R. 5308. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
To borrow money on the credit of the United States; To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; To establish a uniform rule of naturalization, and uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the United States; To coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures; To provide for the punishment of counterfeiting the securities and current coin of the United States By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 5309. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 5310. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 5311. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States By Ms. BONAMICI: H.R. 5312. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 Section 8 By Mr. BROOKS of Alabama: H.R. 5313. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 5314. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . By Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 5315. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and/or Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. By Mr. FASO: H.R. 5316. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution [Page H132] By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER: H.R. 5317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HUFFMAN: H.R. 5318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; By Mr. MAST: H.R. 5319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Necessary and Proper Clause in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 5320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . .make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. . .’’ By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 5321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution of the United States By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 113: Mr. C ASTRO of Texas. H.R. 291: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 303: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 539: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 750: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 785: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 795: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. PETERSON , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, and Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 823: Mr. FOSTER and Ms. K USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 881: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 930: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. CRAWFORD , and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 1071: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1120: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 1239: Mr. PANETTA and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . H.R. 1318: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. MEEHAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. TONKO , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. D ENT, and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1507: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1563: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 1818: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. SMUCKER , and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 1828: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 1876: Mr. MESSER and Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1928: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 1957: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina and Mr. BERA. H.R. 2024: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 2212: Mr. BRATand Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 2598: Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. UPTON . H.R. 2841: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 2902: Mr. KILMER and Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 2913: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 2938: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 3032: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 3111: Mr. CROWLEY . H.R. 3170: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 3378: Mr. POLIS. H.R. 3528: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 3566: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 3605: Mr. GALLAGHER . H.R. 3617: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 3733: Mr. VELA. H.R. 3845: Mr. MCNERNEY . H.R. 3941: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 3988: Mr. MCKINLEY . H.R. 4044: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. R OHRABACHER . H.R. 4099: Mr. BERGMAN and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4106: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 4257: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. C URTIS . H.R. 4265: Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 4311: Mr. CRAWFORD , Mr. S MITH of Mis souri, Mr. THORNBERRY , and Mr. C OOPER . H.R. 4342: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4343: Mr. SOTOand Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 4344: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4392: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 4548: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. N OLAN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R USH, and Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 4575: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS . H.R. 4584: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4605: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4606: Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 4647: Mr. MCNERNEY , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. DELBENE, Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. HUFFMAN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. L ONG, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. ROUZER , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. H ILL, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. HUDSON , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. M ARINO , Ms. S TEFANIK , and Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 4681: Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 4706: Mr. RYAN of Ohio and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4710: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H.R. 4732: Mr. TAKANO . H.R. 4747: Mr. GARAMENDI and Mr. B ISHOP  of Michigan. H.R. 4770: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 4775: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 4886: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 4940: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 4963: Ms. DELBENEand Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 5011: Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. MCEACHIN , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. MOORE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. R USH, and Mr. TONKO . H.R. 5031: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5034: Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. C ARBAJAL , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. B EYER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. SCHNEIDER . H.R. 5047: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 5105: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 5108: Mr. TAKANO , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5121: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 5138: Mr. SMITH of Missouri. H.R. 5141: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. JOYCE of Ohio, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. DESANTIS , Mr. H UDSON , Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, Ms. T ENNEY , Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. PETERSON , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mrs. MIMIWALTERS of California, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 5142: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 5143: Mr. SANFORD and Mr. D AVIDSON . H.R. 5153: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 5173: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 5180: Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. LEE, Mr. K EATING , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 5202: Ms. STEFANIK and Mrs. H ANDEL . H.R. 5243: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 5272: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 5275: Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH . H.R. 5278: Mr. CURBELO of Florida. H.R. 5281: Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia and Mr. POSEY . 
H.R. 5282: Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mrs. N OEM, and Mr. SCHRADER . H. Con. Res. 45: Mr. KHANNA . H. Con. Res. 66: Mr. HASTINGS . H. Con. Res. 81: Mr. LOEBSACK . H. Con. Res. 111: Mr. TEDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. SESSIONS , Mrs. M URPHY of Flor ida, and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H. Res. 58: Mr. NORCROSS and Mr. K HANNA . H. Res. 201: Mr. KHANNA . H. Res. 220: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H. Res. 274: Mr. WALDEN , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. J EFFRIES , and Mr. DENT. H. Res. 466: Ms. SPEIER . H. Res. 578: Mr. LYNCH . H. Res. 621: Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN . H. Res. 644: Mr. CONNOLLY . H. Res. 673: Mr. MOOLENAAR . H. Res. 733: Mr. SOTO. H. Res. 756: Mrs. LAWRENCE , Ms. S HEAPORTER, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. LOWENTHAL , and Mr. P ETERS . H. Res. 760: Ms. MOORE . H. Res. 774: Mr. ROHRABACHER , Mr. S IMPSON, and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. f 
DELETIONS OF SPONSORS FROM PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H. Res. 774: Mr. C ULBERSON . DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petitions: 
Petition 6 by Mr. THOMPSON of California on the bill (H.R. 4240): Mr. Vela and Mr. O’Rourke. Petition 7 by Mr. CLYBURN on the bill (H.R. 3464): Mr. Vela, Mr. Suozzi, Mr. O’Rourke, Mr. Yarmuth, and Mr. Ted Lieu of California. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1741 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 15, 2018 No. 46 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 