Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize my constituent, Ms. Tijuana Fulford, founder and executive director of the Butterfly Effect Project in Riverhead. In 2014, Ms. Fulford set out to establish a free program to provide young girls with the tools they need to achieve selfconfident futures in hopes of bringing forth a generation of strong, independent, and knowledgeable women. This program has grown from 4 to 108 young girls with an evergrowing waitlist. These are girls who are empowered with the resources necessary to secure a prosperous future for themselves and their families. Through financial, educational, emotional, and career support, the Butterfly Effect Project is building community involvement and curtailing the effects of cultural and mobility limitations. With locations in Riverhead and Bellport, the Butterfly Effect Project is having such a positive effect on young girls from Riverhead, Flanders, Calverton, Mastic, Shirley, Bellport, Westhampton, Peconic, Patchogue, and West Islip. The Butterfly Effect Project has provided an invaluable service to our community. I applaud Ms. Fulford for her dedication, and I look forward to witnessing the growth of her organization and the bright future of so many of the young women it supports. 
OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s mantra is ‘‘no collusion.’’ He says this constantly because he wants people to think collusion—a hard thing to prove—is the only question in the Russia investigation. It is not. Even putting aside the mounting evidence that Trump did collude with Russia, there is an equally serious question about obstruction of justice, and, for that, the evidence is overwhelming. The greatest hits of Trump obstruction include: Requesting an improper loyalty pledge from FBI Director Comey; Telling Director Comey to drop the Flynn investigation; Asking the DNI and the CIA Directors to lean on Comey to drop the Flynn investigation; Firing Comey when he continued the investigation; Admitting on national TV that the firing was because of the Russia investigation; Admitting, essentially, the same thing to top Russian officials in a White House meeting; Drafting a deliberately misleading statement for his son about the infamous Trump Tower meeting; Attempting to fire Special Counsel Mueller; And, most recently, this hamhanded choreography with Chairman NUNES to undermine all of the pending investigations—an attempt to set up the argument that we should drop the Russia investigations and, instead, investigate the investigators. That is just the ‘‘Greatest Hits of Obstruction,’’ volume I. There is a lot more to come, Mr. Speaker. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
SOUPER HERO SOUP DRIVE (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize some reallife super heroes from my district in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. Students from Brookwood, Keystone, and Mill Creek Elementary Schools in the Bristol Township School District collected thousands of pounds of canned soup, dressed as ‘‘souper heroes,’’ and delivered it to the Emergency Relief Association Food Pantry in Levittown. Mill Creek Elementary School collected 1,581 pounds of soup, Brookwood Elementary School collected 1,365 pounds, and Keystone Elementary School collected 1,016 pounds of cans to help those in need. Mr. Speaker, I am so inspired by these outstanding young members of our community, who at a young age are already working hard to help people around them in need and make their community a stronger and a better place. I know we can all learn something from those boys and girls. I encourage every school in Bucks and Montgomery County to follow the lead of Brookwood, Keystone, and Mill Creek Elementary Schools and find new and fun ways to help those in need. f 
DEVASTATION OF HOUSTON SCHOOLS HIT BY HURRICANE HARVEY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as school children rise across America to go to a place of work for them, but a place of joy, of learning, I rise today to reenforce the importance of education in the State of Texas. The Texas education administrator, along with the Governor of the State of Texas, will be receiving a letter from me reaffirming the plea of local officials—both governmental and educational officials—to give Texas school children, because of the devastation of Hurricane Harvey, a waiver for 2 years for them to be able to improve their scores and to keep the schools open that the parents and the community want to have open. Many of my school districts—seven of which I represent—have faced the tragedy of Hurricane Harvey: the displacement or relocation of their children and the devastation of their schools, including the Houston Independent School District. It has historic schools. So my plea is that this is, likewise, a Federal issue. I was a strong supporter of the SUCCESS Act where we look at different elements, other than testing. Let’s look at the holistic aspect of the school children of Houston. Let’s give them a waiver. Let’s understand Hurricane Harvey. Let’s fix the schools and keep them open. That is my fight, and that is my commitment. 
CONGRATULATING PYEONGCHANG WINTER OLYMPIC GAMES ATHLETES (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I want to congratulate all 243 United States athletes that have secured qualification in the upcoming Pyeongchang Winter Olympic Games. I am proud to say that 15 of these Olympians come from my home State of Utah. Through their talent, their hard work, and their dedication, I am confident that they are going to represent Utah and, in fact, the entire United States very well. These individuals come from all walks of life. Some are in the middle of their professional careers, some are students, many of them are parents. Together, these individuals will be able to showcase their immense strength 
and skill through unparalleled determination. Although these Olympians are not guaranteed success or a medal, it doesn’t prevent them from doing what they love to do. We should all look up to these Olympic athletes for inspiration to become better, stronger, and more dedicated to reaching our goals, even when we know it is tough. I wish these athletes good luck in the upcoming events, and I thank them for representing the United States and the great State of Utah. As we watch the Olympics, all of us look forward to hearing our national anthem played and hearing them chanting: USA, U SA. 
REPUBLICAN PARTY IS GOING ALONG TO GET ALONG (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I sent my first paycheck as a bag boy at the A&P—$19andsomeodd cents—to the Barry Goldwater campaign. I was 16 years old. I have been involved in almost every major Republican campaign in my State and nationally since then. But the Republican Party I grew up in was the fiscally conservative party. I wish it still was. But we will pass a spending bill today that is everything but fiscally conservative. Our national debt is now over $20 trillion. This bill will speed us down the road to $30 trillion. Our deficit last year was $666 billion. This bill will make it even higher this year. There is nothing fiscally conservative about this bill. Spending was already going up. Now we are busting the budget caps and adding another $300 billion more. Anyone who supports this bill cannot accurately say that they are fiscally conservative. It is very sad to me that the Republican Party I love is now going along to get along and spending many, many billions that we simply do not have. 
AMERICA MUST LEARN FROM PUERTO RICO (Mr. BROOKS of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, Congress faces a debt junkie spending bill that risks an American bankruptcy that threatens the dissolution of our military. That is why a past Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and current Secretary of Defense have both identified America’s debt as our greatest national security threat. America must learn from Puerto Rico, which suffered a debt default in 2016 that destroyed its economy and forced it to fire public sector workers, raise sales taxes to a record 11.5 percent, and close over 100 schools. Worse yet, Puerto Rico’s insolvency meant it lacked the resources to protect itself from known hurricane risks like that of Hurricane Maria. Mr. Speaker, debt junkies don’t care one twit about America’s bankruptcy risk. I do. That is why today I will vote against their financially irresponsible spending bill that will likely trigger a $1 trillion deficit this year. f 
CONGRATULATING BLESSED TRINITY FOOTBALL (Mrs. HANDEL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the State champion football program at Blessed Trinity High School in Roswell, Georgia. Under the leadership of Head Coach Tim McFarlin, the Blessed Trinity Titans finished with 13 wins and just 2 losses to earn their first ever State football championship title this past season. The 4A class in Georgia is a tough one, and I congratulate the other teams in this bracket for their efforts as well. But with the outstanding leadership and mentorship of Coach McFarlin, the Titans did prevail. Last week was also Catholic Schools Week. I had the pleasure of visiting Blessed Trinity Catholic School. During my visit, I included time with the AP government students, as well as with students in their STEAM program, which focuses on science, technology, engineering, arts, and math. My thanks to Principal Brian Marks, and to all of the students and the faculty there for a terrific visit and for being such a great part of the community in the Sixth District. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess for a period of less than 15 minutes. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 13 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1027 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 10 o’clock and 27 minutes a.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 64. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 208, nays 194, answered ‘‘present’’ 2, not voting 26, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Clay Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Estes (KS) Evans Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gianforte Goodlatte Granger Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Higgins (LA) Himes Hollingsworth Huffman Hultgren Hunter Issa Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson, Sam Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee King (IA) King (NY) Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood Lamborn Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lewis (MN) Lipinski Lofgren Long Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McHenry McMorris Rodgers McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Neal Newhouse Norman Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Posey Quigley Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takano Thornberry Titus Tsongas Vela Wagner Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Yarmuth Young (IA) NAYS—194 
Amash Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buck Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clyburn Coffman Comer Conaway Connolly Correa Costa Crist Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davidson DeFazio Delaney Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DiazBalart Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Ellison Espaillat Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Foxx Fudge Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hill Holding Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Joyce (OH) Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind Kinzinger Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Langevin Latta Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marshall Mast Matsui McGovern McKinley McSally Meehan Mitchell Napolitano Noem Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Rouzer Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sewell (AL) Sinema Sires Slaughter Soto Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walberg Walker Watson Coleman Westerman Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zeldin 
Barraga´n Black Bridenstine Courtney Cummings Frankel (FL) Gohmert Gowdy Graves (LA) Green, Gene Hudson Huizenga Hurd Jones Katko Larson (CT) Marchant Moulton Payne Pocan Polis Shuster Trott Visclosky Walz Wilson (FL) 
b1104 Mr. MITCHELL changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana and Mr. CARTER of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the Journal was approved. 
The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and forced to miss this vote series. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 64 and ‘‘Nay’’ on rollcall No. 65. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on the morning of Thursday, February 8, 2018, due to personal circumstances. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as folows: On passage of H.R. 1153, the Mortgage Choice Act, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ On the approval of the Journal, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained while meeting with Louisiana pastors after the National Prayer Breakfast. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 64 and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 65. 
SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY RELIEF ACT OF 2018 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 725, I call up the bill (H.R. 4771) to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). Pursuant to House Resolution 725, the amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–57 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 4771 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CHANGES REQUIRED TO SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY POLICY STATEMENT ON ASSESSMENT OF FINANCIAL AND MANAGERIAL FACTORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Before the end of the 6 month period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System shall revise the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement on Assessment of Financial and Managerial Factors (12 C.F.R. part 225—appendix C) to raise the consolidated asset threshold under such policy statement from $1,000,000,000 (as adjusted by Public Law 113–250) to $3,000,000,000. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subpara graph (C) of section 171(b)(5) of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (12 U.S.C. 5371(b)(5)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) any bank holding company or savings and loan holding company that is subject to the application of the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement on Assessment of Financial and Managerial Factors of the Board of Governors (12 C.F.R. part 225—appendix C).’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair now recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and submit extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in very strong support of H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018. It is a bipartisan bill which passed our committee with a strong bipartisan vote of 41–14. Mr. Speaker, this exact same provision came out of the Senate Banking Committee also with a very strong bipartisan vote of 16–7. First, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE) who is a very hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. I want to thank her for introducing this legislation and helping lead our congressional efforts to provide regulatory relief to our Nation’s community banks. She is a great asset to our committee and widely respected. The Federal Reserve Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement is a regulation that allows certain bank holding companies that have less than $1 billion in assets to hold more debt at the holding company level than would otherwise be permitted by current capital requirements. They do this as long as they meet a number of ongoing requirements and restrictions. H.R. 4771 would raise that threshold for qualifying institutions from $1 billion to $3 billion, thus allowing more community banks to raise more capital by the issuance of debt. By increasing this threshold, H.R. 4771 provides much needed relief for bank holding companies from overly burdensome capital and leverage requirements that were truly intended, Mr. Speaker, for the largest and most complex global financial institutions. It is a reoccurring problem, Mr. Speaker. Again, over and over, the regulatory burden on our community financial institutions is causing us to lose one approximately every other day in America. These are rules that have made it, again, more difficult for small banks to raise capital. And while the bank holding companies will no longer have to abide by these rules under this bill, again, there are plenty of safeguards that continue to be in place to protect the safety and soundness of the institution and its customers. But these institutions present no threat to the safety and soundness of our financial system. First and foremost, the Federal Reserve retains the right to impose capital standards on a holding company if they determine it is needed. In other words, this is a ‘‘may’’ bill and not a ‘‘shall’’ bill. The $3 billion threshold remains totally within the discretion of the Federal Reserve. It is permissive. Next, capital rules and regulations will continue to apply to the subsidiary banks of the holding company level. Again, let me repeat, the capital rules and regulations continue to apply to subsidiary banks. All institutions must continue to meet certain qualitative requirements, including those pertaining to non banking activities, offbalancesheet activities, and publicly registered debt and equity. These requirements ensure that the higher leverage the policy statement allows does not pose any undue burden on subsidiary depository institutions. So the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act will indeed make it easier for small, hometown community banks to raise capital. And as they raise more capital, they can turn it into more Main Street jobs, more economic growth, and more home ownership opportunities for our constituents. In fact, passing this bill will immediately benefit community banks all across America. Not the big banks, not Wall Street banks, as I have no doubt the ranking member will say in her remarks, but again, it will be community banks that will benefit. If you don’t believe me, ask them. Ask the Independent Community Bankers of America and its 5,700 community bank members. As a matter of fact, the passage of this bill, Mrs. LOVE’s bill, has been an important, longstanding goal of the Independent Community Bankers of America because they have been suffering and suffocated by an avalanche of red tape with massive increases in regulatory burdens, which has caused consolidation with much, much larger competitors. Because of increased regulation and compliance costs, again, many of them have found it difficult to access and raise capital. This is the capital that is needed to capitalize our small businesses. Small businesses are struggling for access to credit, and the incredible regulatory burden placed on home buyers has simply complicated the buying process. b1115 These higher costs are being felt at the same time that paychecks are only now beginning to grow for working families thanks to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Just don’t take my word for it, Mr. Speaker. Let’s listen to just one community banker who happens to be from West Virginia. They wrote in and said: 
What no one in a position of power seems to realize is that many customers in our 
country prefer to deal with a smaller, hometown institution, with people they know and trust. If a customer has a question about their loan or their deposit, they simply pick up the phone and call or drop by. If we don’t know the answer, we find out and let them know as soon as possible. But it appears that Congress and the administration are attempting to get rid of smaller institutions, so there are a lot fewer institutions to deal with, and those are the large ones who are too big to fail. 
Mr. Speaker, that is exactly what happened under the DoddFrank Act. Continuing: 
Please just try to remember that small financial institutions and small businesses are the heart of America. The American Dream is to work hard, learn, and make a good life for yourself and your family. In the meantime, it includes working in your community or neighborhood to help others out. Even as a small institution as ours, we sponsor Little League Baseball teams, soccer teams, the county junior fair, and many other activities. We realize if we don’t support local small businesses, they soon won’t be here. 
Those words could have been written by almost any community financial institution in America, Mr. Speaker, and they ring so true. In order to keep our small communities alive, we have to keep their small businesses alive and we must keep their small banks alive. So, again, it is so important that we enact H.R. 4771 and that we reduce this red tape on our community financial institutions. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Utah for introducing the legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act of 2018. This bill is another Republicanled measure to roll back appropriately tailored policies to regulate the financial services sector that ignores the hardlearned lessons of the catastrophic 2008 financial crisis. We have seen this same flawed approach in H.R. 10, which I called the ‘‘Wrong Choice Act,’’ last year, and we are seeing it again in the Senate as it considers advancing Senator CRAPO ’s Wall Street giveaway, which includes a provision identical to the bill that we are considering today, along with several other harmful provisions. The Federal Reserve’s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement was first issued in 1980 to enable the transfer of ownership of small community banks by allowing small, noncomplex bank holding companies to operate with higher levels of debt than would normally be permitted. The original policy statement established a threshold of bank holding companies with less than $150 million in assets, but this level was increased to $500 million in 2006. The policy statement allows certain small bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies to hold more debt at the holding company level than would otherwise be allowed by capital requirements if the debt is used to finance up to 75 percent of an acquisition of another bank. Put another way, the policy statement is important because it allows small institutions like community banks and minorityowned insured depository institutions to access additional debt so they can continue serving their communities without compromising bank safety and soundness. Thus, it is important that the threshold level be carefully calibrated so it cannot be abused by speculative investors. If the threshold is raised too high, it will encourage more mergers and acquisitions, riskier banking activities, and reduced banking services and credit availability to rural, lowincome, minority, and underserved communities. In 2014, Democrats worked with Republicans to examine this threshold and reached a reasonable compromise to raise the threshold to $1 billion. This change was implemented only after closely consulting with regulators to determine the appropriate threshold level to help community banks grow without making them targets for mergers and acquisitions. The $1 billion threshold is sensible and reasonable in light of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s exhaustive study several years ago on the definition of ‘‘community bank.’’ While the FDIC factors in other considerations, their definition of a community bank includes a dollar threshold of banks with less than $1 billion in assets. According to 2016 data from the Federal Reserve, 87 percent of all bank holding companies are covered by the current $1 billion threshold. This means that a large majority of the industry currently benefits from the adjusted 2014 threshold increase in the policy statement, including all truly small community banks. Furthermore, it is worth highlighting that the bipartisan compromise reached in 2014 included other important safeguards, such as excluding any bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies with less than $1 billion that are engaged in significant nonbanking activities. It also gives the Federal Reserve the ability to exclude any bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies from the policy statement, regardless of size, if it concludes that the exclusion is warranted for supervisory purposes. But my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have not hesitated to try and push the threshold higher. Last Congress, just a little more than a year after a bipartisan compromise to increase the threshold, Republicans pushed through the House another bill, H.R. 3791, that would have significantly increased the threshold from $1 billion to $5 billion. That bill faced a veto threat from the Obama administration, as it should have, and it went nowhere in the Senate. Last year, Chairman HENSARLING included a provision in H.R. 10, the ‘‘Wrong Choice Act,’’ to drastically raise the $1 billion threshold to $10 billion. Because the Senate now appears set to move a bill that raises the threshold, but to nowhere near that level, we now find ourselves back on the floor of the House today considering a new bill to triple the threshold from $1 billion to $3 billion. While it is a slightly less drastic increase than the one in the bill Republicans pushed through the House last Congress, tripling the policy statement threshold to $3 billion so soon since the last threshold increase is still unwise. There simply has not been sufficient time to see what effect doubling the policy statement threshold from $500 million to $1 billion really means for community banks. Congress should at least examine the data and understand the effects of the last change before making another one. We should not ignore the concerns raised by experts that this approach will allow small banks to take on more debt than they otherwise need and may actually promote mergers and acquisitions so that we have fewer community banks, not more. While Republicans push bills like H.R. 4771 in the name of helping community banks, this is yet another proposal that would likely result in fewer, not more, community banks. Even the Treasury Department under this President, President Trump, only recommended raising the threshold to $2 billion. So they are $1 billion even beyond what the President supports. That was in a report issued last year. As I mentioned, H.R. 4771 is one of the many harmful provisions in Senator CRAPO ’s financial deregulatory bill that is advanced in the Senate. Senator CRAPO ’s bill also includes many other harmful rollbacks that would fundamentally weaken our framework. It would roll back certain stress testing requirements for megabanks like Wells Fargo and would exempt or weaken enhanced standards for many of the large banks in the country. The Senate bill also would gut rules for foreign banks like Deutsche Bank and Credit Suisse. It would also eliminate a requirement that many banks collect and publicly report critical Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, or HMDA, data. HMDA data is used for many important policy purposes, including to identify mortgage lending discrimination against many Latinos, African Americans, and other minority groups. I could go on and on, but the list is longer than the time that we have allotted. The bottom line is I strongly urge my colleagues to reject H.R. 4771 and the other efforts by congressional Republicans and this administration to deregulate Wall Street and the banking industry and roll back the clock to a time not long ago when we had weak 
oversight and few safeguards that protect consumers, investors, and taxpayers. You can see what is happening. At one point, the opposite side of the aisle said: ‘‘Let’s jump to $5 billion.’’ And then, Mr. HENSARLING said: ‘‘No, let’s jump to $10 billion.’’ This is done without any thought or consideration for what they are doing and the risks that they are placing on these little banks to be bought up and the mergers to take place. You can see there is no real thought, no real review, no real consideration given when you say: ‘‘Let’s go from $1 billion to $3 billion to $5 billion to $10 billion, whatever we can get.’’ We are saying: ‘‘No, that is wrong. Don’t do that. Don’t do that to these community banks.’’ Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE), the sponsor of this legislation. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4771. Mr. Speaker, I want to first thank Chairman HENSARLING for his support of this bill, as well as the cosponsors, Mr. GOTTHEIMER and Mr. M EEKS , for making this a bipartisan effort to help community banks. Economic freedom and personal freedom run hand in hand. In order to ensure personal freedoms, Americans need access to credit as individuals, on behalf of their families, and in their businesses. That is why I am proud to have introduced this bill. H.R. 4771 is a very simple bill to help small banks and savings and loan companies get access to the capital they need to make credit available in their communities. These small banking institutions are critical to people in the local communities in which they reside. They support the credit needs of families, small businesses, farmers, and entrepreneurs. Community banks are often the principal lending source for many people, whether they are purchasing a home or starting a business. In many counties around the Nation, our community banks are the only banking presence that residents have. When these community banking institutions are overwhelmed with regulations and mandates, many of which are meant for larger institutions, it is the hardworking families and lowincome Americans in those communities that suffer. Mr. Speaker, this bill is about people. Community banks give people the credit they need to pursue their dreams, buy a home, buy a car, and own and grow their businesses. In fact, proximity to a community bank increases the chance that a new small business will be approved for a loan that they need to succeed. By raising the consolidated asset threshold under the Federal Reserve’s Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from $1 billion to $3 billion in assets, hundreds of additional small banks and thrift holding companies will qualify for the coverage under the policy statement and, therefore, be exempt from certain regulatory and capital guidelines. These capital standards were originally established for larger institutions and disproportionately harm small holding companies. Many holding companies that are above the current threshold face challenges with regard to capital formation, just when regulators are demanding higher capital levels. The exemptions provided in the policy statement make it easier for a small holding company to raise capital and issue debt. This bill is about making sure that regulations fit the size of the institution. Mr. Speaker, a similar effort was passed into law during the 113th Congress under suspension by the House and by unanimous consent in the Senate. That bill raised the threshold from $500 million, where it had been since 1996, to $1 billion. b1130 That legislation also extended the exemption to savings and loan holding companies. While we are glad that we were able to achieve that increase, which roughly helped 500 small bank and thrift holding companies, why wouldn’t we extend those benefits further? H.R. 4771 would bring even more small institutions within the scope of the policy statement. We have already seen the benefits of the last increase. One success story we have heard was an instance where 35 bank holding companies pooled their resources together to issue debt under the policy statement. That debt was then downstreamed to their respective banks where the capital was then used to make loans in the communities they serve, illustrating the great multiplier effect that the policy statement can produce. H.R. 4771 seeks to extend that flexibility and success to a greater number of small institutions and the communities they serve. Opponents of this increase have alleged that changing the regulatory threshold would put communities and the Deposit Insurance Fund at higher risk. But the policy statement contains not one but several safeguards designed to ensure that the small bank holding companies that operate with the higher levels of debt permitted under the policy statement do not present an undue risk to the safety and the soundness of the subsidiary banks. Mr. Speaker, to sum it up, this bill is not about supporting banks. It is about supporting families. It is about supporting communities and small business. It is about making sure that smallbusiness owners have access to the credit they need to expand and to thrive. I recently heard of a businessowner in my community who employs about 30 people. Most of these people that she employs are women who are trying to take care of their families and make a little bit more so that they could put some money in their pocket or buy a car. She would like to expand her business, but it—— The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Utah. Mrs. LOVE. Mr. Speaker, she would like to expand her business to employ even more people, but she continuously receives red tape, and it makes it very difficult for her to be able to provide for her community. This is about families sitting around the kitchen table imagining the possibilities of renovating their home and the entrepreneur dreaming of starting a restaurant or being her own boss. Raising the threshold received strong bipartisan support in the Financial Services Committee, and I hope that it will receive equal support in this Chamber. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the chairman for this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I don’t know what the other side wants. They want $5 billion at one point, they want $10 billion at one point, and now they want $3 billion. They just throw it up against the wall and hope something sticks, and we are saying: Don’t put these community banks at risk. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ), the vice ranking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member WATERS for yielding. I know she understands the danger in yielding to me as much time as I may consume. I will just take a couple of minute on this. I rise in opposition to H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act. There are unaddressed concerns as to the effect this bill will have on community banks that serve so many of our constituents, whether it be through more bank consolidation or whether it will encourage small banks to take on more unsustainable debt. The Federal Reserve has a small bank holding company policy statement that outlines ownership transfer of small community banks and savings associations ‘‘by allowing their holding companies to operate with higher levels of debt than would normally be permitted.’’ The holding companies that qualify for the policy statement can have up to $1 billion in assets, a limit that was reached, in a bipartisan effort, in the 113th Congress. Yet, even though this new threshold was enacted just at the end of 2014, we have seen multiple efforts to raise the limit even higher. According to data from the Federal Reserve, under the current $1 billion 
threshold, 87 percent of all bank holding companies and 72 percent of savings and loan holding companies are holding nearly $1 trillion in assets under that billiondollar threshold. It is too soon to know the effects of increasing the threshold to $1 billion. Why are we pushing to raise it even further without sufficient information as to the effect on the market of the last increase? And we may disagree on the conclusion we come to, but a concern I would like to address is that while we are raising this question, while we are debating whether to raise this threshold without, I believe, sufficient knowledge as to the full impact of the last increase, we are taking time on the floor when we have so many other unaddressed concerns that get no time on this floor. You know, as members of the committee, and certainly other Members of the House understand, I spent a good deal of my time working on issues related to the conditions of America’s cities and towns. A whole subset of American towns, even in a period of economic growth, which we all acknowledge has been sustained now over the period of the last 8 years, many communities are continuing to be left behind. Why is that? I am sure there are a lot of reasons. I am sure some of my friends would argue that some of the issues addressed in this legislation might touch on them. But one thing I know for sure, the crumbling roads and bridges and water and sewer systems in those communities are so serious, the problem is so great. The unaddressed issues of violent crime in many of those same cities, which this House continues to leave unaddressed, essentially ensures that any change in the regulatory structure in the marketplace is not sufficient to deal with the underlying and really troubling problems that these communities face. You know, a year ago, the President came to the floor of this House and talked about a $1 trillion infrastructure plan. He came back and said it was going to be $1.5 trillion with one little asterisk, only $200 billion from the Federal Government. State and local government is supposed to make up the rest of it. I raise this because often the arguments in favor of taking some of the regulatory protections off these institutions are that it is supposed to unlock the marketplace to rebuild these communities when these communities are so shackled to the bottom of the ocean that no rising tide will raise them. If we don’t get control of the incredible struggle and deterioration in these older cities, nothing we do on this floor otherwise is going to make it right for those folks. I represent one of those towns. You have heard me talk about my own hometown of Flint. There are so many other communities that are struggling. The jurisdiction of a committee does include addressing the condition of urban America. I would just hope, and really ask, that we spend a bit more time on those questions. I would feel much more comfortable having a debate about what the regulatory structure looks like if I felt like there was sufficient attention being given to those issues. In the meantime, because of the questions that I have already raised about the impact of this legislation not being fully understood, even the last increase in the threshold not being fully understood, I am going to urge my colleagues to oppose this legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds to say that, as the ranking member appears to be vexed at where the $3 billion number came from, it is the product of bipartisan compromise, something I invite her to engage in more often, and this particular bill is supported by almost half the Democrats on the committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKE MEYER ), the chairman of the Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit Subcommittee. Mr. LUETKEMEYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman HENSARLING for the time. To say that the current regulatory climate presents challenges for small financial institutions would be a drastic understatement. Today, regulators require more and more from community banks in terms of both regulatory oversight and capital requirements. The gentlewoman from Utah has crafted legislation that seeks to alleviate some of these pressures facing our community banks. Small bank and thrift holding companies confront unique challenges with regard to capital formation, which is a particular concern at times when regulators demand more and more capital. Understanding these challenges, the Fed has recognized that small banks have limited access to equity financing. The Federal Reserve small bank holding policy statement gives relief from certain capital guidelines and requirements, making it easier for a community bank to raise capital and issue debt, and to make acquisitions and form new bank and thrift holding companies. I would like to digress for just a little second here. I haven’t heard anybody talk about it, and I think it is very important, Mr. Speaker, that we talk about the timeframe prior to 2008, whenever we were averaging about 150 to 175 new banks and credit unions every year. But between the timeframe of 2010 and 2006, we averaged one. That is significant because small businesses get their loans from small banks. And without this access to capital for small businesses, we will dry up our small businesses in this country that are the job creators. So by increasing the threshold, the Fed’s policy statement from $1 billion to $3 billion, we have the opportunity to help more banks operating in our community, and hopefully be formed in our communities, and help our lending to our constituents. Similar legislation has been contemplated in the House on a number of occasions. The language in this latest iteration is identical to the bipartisan language proposed in the Senate Banking Committee bill and is similar to legislation that passed the House in the 114th Congress and included in my CLEARR Act. H.R. 4771 will go a long way in ensuring that our Nation’s smallest institutions are able to grow stronger and continue to serve their constituents. I want to thank Mrs. LOVE for her leadership on this legislation and Chairman HENSARLING for his commitment to issues facing community banks and credit unions. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this commonsense bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ). Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am so honored to have this opportunity. I thank the chairman as well, and I want to thank the ranking member for all of the work that she has done in this area. She has been a part of the avantgarde to protect and maintain community banks. One of the great difficulties that we have had with our committee is defining what a community bank is. We have had testimony to indicate that a community bank can be $50 billion or more. We want to make sure that the small institutions that the chairperson is talking about continue to exist. It is unfortunate, but if we pass this legislation, there is a good likelihood that the level of consolidation that will take place will be antithetical to the very commentary that we are hearing with reference to the need for community banks, small banks to make sure small businesses will receive loans. There is a contradiction contained within the very effort that is being made. I am honored to have with me a statement from over 200 civil rights community organizations, labor unions, businesses, investors, faith based businesses, community and civic groups; and this statement reads—this is from them, but I concur with it: ‘‘Raising the limit to $3 billion is a policy well calculated to significantly reduce the number of community banks in the U.S. First, raising the limit will allow mediumsized community banks of $2 to $3 billion in size to more easily acquire smaller community banks. . . .’’ That is a significant comment because the acquisition of smaller banks is going to cause us to have fewer smaller banks, and the argument that is being made is that the smaller banks are the ones that are servicing small businesses. 
It goes on to read: ‘‘. . . reducing the number of independent community banks. Second, allowing holding companies to borrow excessively will raise the risk of bank failure the next time the financial system is under stress. ‘‘A $3 billion limit is unjustified, as there is no evidence that community banks over $1 billion in size are currently too small to survive. According to a recent FDIC report, ‘While economies of scale are important for community banks, historical trends in the size distribution of community banks that have survived over the last quarter century do not suggest that economies of scale require a community bank to grow or merge to asset sizes larger than $1 billion.’’ My point is that I am a proponent of community banks. b1145 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. The point is that I am a proponent of having small banks. I call small banks community banks. I am a proponent of this. If I am a proponent of it, then I support the notion that we cannot allow them to be consolidated such that we will have fewer of them. I think this legislation is a little bit misguided in that it contradicts the very premise upon which it rests. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say that I am shocked that anybody would come here and say that they want to support community banks and they supported DoddFrank—the very reason these community banks are being gobbled up. The whole idea of this legislation is to allow them to come together and protect themselves and not be gobbled up by the big banks they vilify in the first place. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and Investments. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, we have been hearing some of the details of the bill, but here is the real message: this is about our small communities and small banks that are the lifeblood of those communities. A little earlier you heard the ranking member talk about this being about Wall Street. Do you know what? She is right. This is about Wall Street. Wall Street was one block away from where I lived on Sanford Street in Zeeland, Michigan. By the way, we were connected by Main Street and Central Avenue. That is what it is about. Whether it is Wall Street in Zeeland, Michigan, or Sanford Street, or my friends in Baldwin, Michigan, this is about our small communities. What does a strong local community bank bring? It brings local investment. And what does that local investment bring? Stability, predictability, trust, trust among the farmers, among those corner pub owners, or among those small hotel owners that may be depending on the stray traveler that is going to be coming through. This has been sort of viewed as a risk to these small banks. It is actually the opposite of that. Either, A, one small community bank is going to merge with another small community bank and they are going to remain small community banks under that $3 billion threshold; or, B, what we have been seeing a lot of—and this is what the chairman was talking about—they are going to get gobbled up by a large bank that doesn’t qualify under this legislation. And guess what. They are far more likely to remove those ATMs and far more likely to move those local branches out of places like Tustin and Luther and Baldwin and Holland. I can tell you this: if you went and said that this is anything other than about strengthening our small community banks, it shows, A, one is either wildly out of touch or, B, playing politics. That is the sad part, because I can tell you this: if you go talk to my friend Debbie SmithOlson, who is the CEO of LakeOsceola State Bank in Baldwin, Michigan—located in the poorest county in the State of Michigan, one of the top 100 poorest counties in the Nation—and you told her that this was about Wall Street, she would laugh. If I went and talked to my friends at Macatawa Bank and tried to describe this as being about helping big banks and Wall Street and rolling back Dodd Frank, they would first look at me in stunned silence, and then they would ask me: Are you serious? Well, unfortunately, that is the kind of rhetoric that you are hearing out here today. Let’s make sure that we understand what this is really about: strengthening our small banks, which strengthen our small communities and strengthen our smallbusiness owners. That is what is going to continue this economic comeback that we are experiencing here in the United States. I commend the gentlewoman from Utah in her work on a bipartisan manner on the basis that this has been coming together with people of goodwill trying to come up with a solution to make sure that we don’t see needless consolidation in a banking community that has already been so hit. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. HUIZENGA. As I wrap up, this is about making sure that we have a solid community banking system. We know that they have been under assault under these DoddFrank provisions that have come through, which I don’t think were necessarily maliciously put in, but they were misunderstood about what those effects were going to be. The gentlewoman from Utah (Mrs. LOVE) is rectifying that. Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage my colleagues to support that and to vote ‘‘yes’’ for this very important bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think it is important for us to understand the support that community banks have gotten from this side of the aisle. I know that my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle, oftentimes, advance the argument that they are the only ones who care about community banks and that we don’t understand community banks. And, oftentimes, they have arguments that basically would have one conclude that we don’t really advance the cause of community banks. I would just like to remind my colleagues in this Congress of the work that we have done in support of community banks. We have supported, and successfully supported, less frequent exams for wellrated community banks with less than $1 billion. The exam cycle is now 18 months instead of 12 months for these strong small banks. We took into consideration the concerns of community banks about the examiners coming too often, disturbing the banks, oftentimes, tying up the personnel in the bank. So we agreed to not have them come in every 12 months and to extend that so that 18 months will give some relief to the community banks so that they don’t have to deal with the auditors in such a way that disturbs the bank. We also moved successfully to eliminate an annual privacy notice for community banks and credit unions whose policies have not changed and the consumer has already notified. Well, we did that. We eliminated these annual privacy notices for the community banks and for credit unions who have not changed their policies, and there is no need to have to continue to insist that they have these annual privacy notices. Well, we went further with less stringent SEC registration rules for small thrifts, providing parity with other banks; and access to credit for privately insured credit unions, allowing them to join the Federal Home Loan Banks program; improving mortgage licensing for community banks and credit unions by allowing regulator access to the nationwide mortgage licensing system and registry, while maintaining confidentiality protections. I just cite this because it is so important to understand what we have done on this side of the aisle to ensure that our community banks are strong, that they are there for our communities, that they provide the loans, that they 
assist in developing our communities. What we don’t understand oftentimes is why our friends on the opposite side of the aisle, in the name of community banks, will come with proposals that hurt community banks. We have pointed out that our friends on the opposite side of the aisle have gone so far as to try and get everyone to believe that we should increase this amount of debt that they could carry up to $10 billion. That is totally irresponsible, totally. And even when they attempted to go to $5 billion, totally irresponsible, down to $3 billion, because I guess they just say: Well, we have to try to get some more opportunities for small banks to carry this debt. Well, they don’t answer the question about what happens when these small community banks are burdened with debt that they cannot take care of, that they cannot pay. They don’t talk about the fact that that is going to cause the community bank to close. And they certainly don’t talk about putting them in a position where they will be brought up. So I would simply say for those of us who have proven our support for community banks and who continue to engage with community banks about what we can do to ensure their strength, to ensure that they are there to provide the loans in the neighborhoods and in the communities that they serve, I think we have identified ourselves and we have defined ourselves. We would simply ask those who are listening to this debate to continue to know and understand what is happening between these different sides of the aisle, to look at what we have done, and to understand how we have been helpful in our support for community banks. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds to simply use a term popularized on the other side of the aisle. These are crumbs, deregulatory crumbs, offered by the ranking member when, in fact, she and others on the other side of the aisle have their handprints all over DoddFrank, which 90 percent of community bankers will tell you is the number one reason they are going out of business, which is why we have to enact this bill. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act. I also want to thank my colleague from Utah, Representative LOVE, for her hard work on this important issue. We have extensively discussed the challenges that small banks face in the current regulatory environment, both on the House floor and in the Financial Services Committee, including, just yesterday, a debate on the Mortgage Choice Act. These challenges contribute to the continued retreat of community banks from small towns and underserved communities across our country, including those that dot my district in the hills and valleys of western Pennsylvania. This hurts families and Main Street businesses by depriving them of the access to financial services that they desperately need. The Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act will allow more institutions to operate under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement, which will help them raise additional capital by issuing debt. It will also make it easier for covered institutions to form new holding companies, fund existing holding companies, and make acquisitions. Altogether, this is a smart, targeted bill that will help more small financial institutions grow and adjust to the changing economic and regulatory landscape. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to remind my colleagues on the opposite side of the aisle that the community banks with $1 billion to $5 billion in assets already have sufficient access to capital markets and, as a group, are exhibiting help and resilience. Raising a threshold to exempt banks with over $1 billion from important minimum leverage and capital requirements will do little more than encourage banks to take on debt—as I have reminded you time and time again today—endangering their soundness and potentially depriving their customers of muchneeded banking services should the bank fail. Setting the consolidated assets threshold at $1 billion was a bipartisan decision that struck a balance between allowing small banks to access capital to better serve their customers and ensuring their safety and soundness. Raising the threshold would be an unnecessary and risky change. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS), vice chairman of the Housing and Insurance Subcommittee. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mrs. LOVE, from Utah for presenting this bill. Mr. Speaker, I stand here in support of H.R. 4771. It is said that all politics are local, but might I also suggest that all economic growth is local as well. Local in the sense of small businesses. Small businesses, the moms and pops who put their ideas at risk in order to create their American Dream of growing a business and creating jobs. Yet, what does it take? It takes access to capital. Yet, since DoddFrank, we have not seen that access to capital available to our small businesses, who so desperately need it, in order to grow our economies, especially at the community level. In fact, might I even suggest that DoddFrank has only one attribute in terms of job growth, and that is the creation of the one fastest growing job out there: compliance officer—compliance officers that banks and financial institutions now have to hire in order to meet regulatory burdens that take away from the bottom line of consumers who want to achieve the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act, will allow that access to capital that is so desperately needed at the local level, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. b1200 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Okay. So we have heard it again. We hate DoddFrank. We hate DoddFrank. We hate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. We don’t believe that DoddFrank should have created the reforms that they did. Just forget about the fact that there was a subprime meltdown in 2008, that this country went into a recession, almost a depression. Throw all of that out of the window. Forget about what was happening when the big banks failed and we bailed them all out. Forget about reforms. Oh, how much we hate DoddFrank. We just blame DoddFrank for everything. Please. I think that, as credible legislators, we are beyond the point of wrapping up everything that we don’t like and accusing DoddFrank reforms for causing problems to everything and everybody, including the community banks. The fact of the matter is, if we want to strengthen, preserve, and make sure community banks are available to our communities, we won’t take on public policy that would put them at risk with having more debt than they can take care of, and we won’t put them at risk of being bought up and these mergers taking place. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to request of the ranking member, on her time, if she will begin to name the community banks that were responsible for the 2008 financial crisis, ostensibly, that was supposed to be answered by Dodd Frank. She will have some time to think about that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ). 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act, and I commend my friend from Utah, MIA LOVE, for her amazing leadership on this important issue and her tireless effort to bring relief to the community banks that lend to small businesses and families in my district and in towns all across America. By reforming the onerous onesize fitsall regulations mandated by the DoddFrank law that roped small community financial institutions in with large global toobigtofail megafirms, this commonsense bill will give community banks and the customers they serve more clarity and allow them to focus on their important mission of lending to homeowners and businesses. This legislation also makes it easier for small and mediumsized institutions subject to DoddFrank mandates to form new holding companies, fund existing holding companies, and make acquisitions by issuing debt at the holding company level. Now that they are subject to the Basel III capital requirements, many community banks have found it difficult to access and raise capital. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman from New York an additional 30 seconds. Mr. ZELDIN. The consequence of this choke hold on community lending means less mortgages, less small business loans, and less economic growth. H.R. 4771 fixes this and facilitates the ability of community banks and savings institutions to raise needed capital. I urge adoption of this bill. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time and I am prepared to close, so I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, Democrats support targeted, measured relief for our community financial institutions. We recognize that these smaller banks and credit unions intimately know their communities and how best to serve them. But we also know that changes to the rules that are designed to ensure that community banks are safe and sound can have unintended consequences. While community banks did not cause the 2008 financial crisis, they were at the center of another crisis just two decades before. When I came to the Financial Services Committee, thousands of savings and loan holding companies were failing and causing serious harm to the communities they were supposed to serve. This was due, in part, to the fact that lawmakers thought it was wise to weaken safeguards on these savings and loan holding companies, allowing them to take on more leverage and offer riskier products. I fear that Congress will again pass legislation today that will ultimately cause harm to both the very community banks we want to help and the hardworking Americans that rely on them. And now, Republicans are trying to raise the threshold as high as possible. In the chairman’s ‘‘Wrong Choice Act,’’ he would raise the threshold tenfold, to $10 billion. At the end of last Congress, Republicans sought to raise it to $5 billion. A few months ago, the Trump administration recommended raising it to $2 billion, and now, a little less than 3 years after we reached a bipartisan compromise, we are inexplicably considering legislation to raise it to $3 billion. I tried to tell you just a few moments ago, they don’t know. They are just throwing it up against the wall: whatever we can get. Next they will be asking for $20 billion. No, you have moved away from $10 billion; you have moved away from $5 billion; now you are at $3 billion. Your President wants $2 billion. We say, leave it as it is. Mr. Speaker, if you are listening to this and feeling dizzy, it is understandable. None of these levels are backed by the same careful consideration Congress gave to the threshold 2 years ago, and I am afraid it is exactly the kind of legislating that set the groundwork for the savings and loan crisis and left thousands of communities without access to banking services. When I came on, Members of Congress were fleeing the old Banking Committee. They wanted to get out of there because they had been responsible for public policy that had put the S&L business at risk, and now that was all failing. They were fleeing it, and they were punishing people, all the new Members coming on, and making them go on this committee because they knew that they had nobody else to serve on it. So I have been there. I have seen it. I have experienced it. I am a part of DoddFrank reforms. I served on the conference committee. I worked with Dodd. I worked with Frank. I know what we should be doing. Before I close, I would like to remind my colleagues that this bill and many of the other oneoff financial services bills Republicans are pushing should really be viewed as setting the table for the dangerous deregulatory package making it through the Senate. That package, which our committee has not even considered to thoroughly understand the interactions of all the rollbacks it contains, weakens oversight of Wall Street and the Nation’s largest banks under the guise of community bank relief. H.R. 4771 is one of the many provisions in the Senate bill that, when taken together, will risk further bailouts and harm homeownership in America. Every time this House passes another provision of that bigger bill, we make it more likely that critical safeguards and protections will be eviscerated at the expense of our Nation’s homeowners and consumers. I urge all Members to soundly reject H.R. 4771 today and to reject the larger Senate legislation if it comes to the House. I comfortably say, despite the fact that my friends on the opposite side of the aisle are trying to frame this in a certain way, they really don’t know what they are doing. Reject this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. DAVIDSON ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my support for H.R. 4771, the Small Bank Holding Company Relief Act. This bill is another example of the rollback of burdensome regulations of the DoddFrank Act, which Barney Frank himself says missed the mark, particularly with respect to small banks. I appreciate the Member opposed calling attention to Democrats who have worked across the aisle to benefit community banks. In fact, 11 of them support this bill in our committee, and I appreciate them for doing that. I appreciate the cosponsors who are Democrats, who worked across the aisle with my colleague, Mrs. LOVE, to pass this good bill through our committee, and I look forward to seeing more colleagues pass this in a bipartisan way across the floor of the House today. How about giving small institutions a chance to start taking back some of their market share? Instead of too big to fail, what DoddFrank has done is made things so that small banks are too small to succeed. These exemptions that are in this bill make it easier for small bank holding companies to raise capital, to issue debt. Under the current capital requirements, small businesses just can’t compete with the larger banks, and the large banks have celebrated this in their own statements, celebrating the effect of DoddFrank in protecting their market share and helping them grow it. Under current capital requirements, that is what we have seen: bigger banks getting bigger, and smaller banks getting fewer. We need to give community banks the ability to breathe from the regulatory burden that has been shoved down their throats. And if you want to make big banks smaller, you can try to regulate them more, but we have demonstrated that is their competitive advantage. Frankly, all benchmarks are easier to audit. Just picking a number here in D.C. is easier to audit, and this is a compromise to what would be a good solution to look at systemic risk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. I yield the gentleman from Ohio an additional 30 seconds. Mr. DAVIDSON. We are losing nearly one community bank a day, and that is having a devastating impact on local businesses and communities. I urge all of our colleagues to support H.R. 4771. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time is remaining. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 4
1⁄4minutes remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, our community financial institutions play a vital role in our local communities, particularly in rural areas like the Fifth District of Texas, our east Texas counties, and yet they are being crushed, crushed by the sheer weight, volume, complexity, and expense of regulation brought about by DoddFrank. I hear so much from the ranking member about how much her side of the aisle cares about community banks, but their words are belied by their actions in supporting Dodd Frank, supposedly meant for Wall Street, but it is hurting Main Street. We have a bill before us today, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4771, that will give a little bit of ability for community banks to protect themselves from the onslaught of this regulatory burden. The whole idea, again, Mr. Speaker, is to ensure that community banks can at least gather and merge amongst themselves so they are not gobbled up by the big banks that are vilified by the other side of the aisle in the first place. Again, Mr. Speaker, this is actually— you wouldn’t know it from the ranking member—a bipartisan proposal, supported by almost half—half—of the Democrats on the Financial Services Committee. And again, there is great bipartisan work on our committee. Almost threequarters of our bills are bipartisan; it is just few of them that are supported by our ranking member. Let’s do one small thing today. Let’s have the House do one small thing today, Mr. Speaker, that will help them survive a day more so that they can lend money to a hardworking family to buy that first home, so that they can lend money to somebody to realize their American Dream of perhaps starting their own small business. After having to get that paycheck at the local factory for so many years, now they can finally go out and start their own small business. Maybe it is a matter of sending the first kid to college. But all of this, all of this disappears. These hopes and dreams disappear with our community banks who are still failing, unfortunately, at the rate of one approximately every other day. This is unacceptable. This is totally unacceptable. So we have one deregulatory measure here—one—to help our community banks survive. And we hear from so many of them, Mr. Speaker. Here is one from Indiana that says: 
Regulations have significantly reduced our ability to make judgment calls on credit decisions. When I first came to First Savings Bank, I had a number of people tell me that the First Savings Bank gave them their first loan, probably when they didn’t deserve it. Today, they are business and civic leaders. And I guess we made the right call then. However, today we cannot make that call. Washington has made that call, and the answer is no. One reason, one voice of one banker telling us why we need the bill from the gentlewoman from Utah. Here is another from a banker in Texas, who said: 
When I started banking, the community bank business model was built around bankers helping their communities to thrive. Today, customers are confused when they have to sign so many papers to open a deposit account or borrow money. I can only think of one explanation, and that is our government thinks our customers are too stupid to come into the bank and negotiate a private transaction with their banker, the community banker that they go to church with, the community banker whose kids go to school with the customers’ kids, and the community banker whose wife is in the local charity with the wives of the banker’s customers’ wives. 
I have been a banker for over 30 years, and I have never been more discouraged than I am now. Good bankers are fleeing the industry. The days of making a commonsense decision for the benefit of a customer are gone. For me, retirement can’t come soon enough. 
I have got binders and binders full of these testimonies, Mr. Speaker. As the local community banks leave, so leave the credit opportunities of so many lowand moderateincome Americans. It has got to stop. Mr. Speaker, it is time for the House to enact H.R. 4771. Let’s stop the carnage, let’s encourage community bank living, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 725, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with an amendment in which the concurrence of the House is requested, a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 582. An act to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9– 1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 96) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 96 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act of 2017’’. 
Part II of title II of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 251 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) R EGISTRATION AND COMPLIANCE BY INTERMEDIATE PROVIDERS .—An intermediate provider that offers or holds itself out as offering the capability to transmit covered voice communications from one destination to another and that charges any rate to any other entity (including an affiliated entity) for the transmission shall— ‘‘(1) register with the Commission; and ‘‘(2) comply with the service quality standards for such transmission to be established by the Commission under subsection (c)(1)(B). ‘‘(b) REQUIRED USE OF REGISTERED INTER MEDIATE PROVIDERS .—A covered provider may not use an intermediate provider to transmit covered voice communications unless such intermediate provider is registered under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(c) COMMISSION RULES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) REGISTRY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall promulgate rules to establish a registry to record registrations under subsection (a)(1). ‘‘(B) SERVICE QUALITY STANDARDS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall promulgate rules to establish service quality standards for the transmission of covered voice communications by intermediate providers. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—In promulgating the rules required by paragraph (1), the Commission shall— ‘‘(A) ensure the integrity of the transmission of covered voice communications to all customers in the United States; and ‘‘(B) prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of covered voice communications. 
‘‘(d) P UBLIC AVAILABILITY OF REGISTRY .— The Commission shall make the registry established under subsection (c)(1)(A) publicly available on the website of the Commission. ‘‘(e) SCOPE OF APPLICATION .—The requirements of this section shall apply regardless of the format by which any communication or service is provided, the protocol or format by which the transmission of such communication or service is achieved, or the regulatory classification of such communication or service. ‘‘(f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the regulatory classification of any communication or service. ‘‘(g) EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preempt or expand the authority of a State public utility commission or other relevant State agency to collect data, or investigate and enforce State law and regulations, regarding the completion of intrastate voice communications, regardless of the format by which any communication or service is provided, the protocol or format by which the transmission of such communication or service is achieved, or the regulatory classification of such communication or service. ‘‘(h) EXCEPTION .—The requirement under subsection (a)(2) to comply with the service quality standards established under subsection (c)(1)(B) shall not apply to a covered provider that— ‘‘(1) on or before the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, has certified as a Safe Harbor provider under section 64.2107(a) of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; and ‘‘(2) continues to meet the requirements under such section 64.2107(a). ‘‘(i) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) COVERED PROVIDER .—The term ‘covered provider’ has the meaning given the term in section 64.2101 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto. ‘‘(2) COVERED VOICE COMMUNICATION .—The term ‘covered voice communication’ means a voice communication (including any related signaling information) that is generated— ‘‘(A) from the placement of a call from a connection using a North American Numbering Plan resource or a call placed to a connection using such a numbering resource; and ‘‘(B) through any service provided by a covered provider. ‘‘(3) INTERMEDIATE PROVIDER .—The term ‘intermediate provider’ means any entity that— ‘‘(A) enters into a business arrangement with a covered provider or other intermediate provider for the specific purpose of carrying, routing, or transmitting voice traffic that is generated from the placement of a call placed— ‘‘(i) from an end user connection using a North American Numbering Plan resource; or ‘‘(ii) to an end user connection using such a numbering resource; and ‘‘(B) does not itself, either directly or in conjunction with an affiliate, serve as a covered provider in the context of originating or terminating a given call.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that we are considering S. 96 to improve rural call completion. S. 96 will require the Federal Communications Commission to establish call completion standards for intermediary providers that sometimes have not routed calls properly in rural areas of our country. By focusing on these standards, we will ensure that the highquality telephone service people in big cities may take for granted will be shared by those Americans living in harderto reach areas. I appreciate the bipartisan work of Congressman DAVID YOUNG and Congressman PETER WELCH . Their companion bill, H.R. 460, passed the House on January 23, 2017. I also thank Senator KLOBUCHAR and Senator THUNE for their work on rural call completion. Without the bipartisan and bicameral work of all of these Members, we would not be here today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I also rise to support S. 96, the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act. It is a bipartisan bill championed by Representative DAVID YOUNG and cosponsored by a number of other Members, including Representatives WELCH and L OEBSACK  from the Energy and Commerce Committee. We deal with a lot of technologically complicated issues on the Subcommittee on Communications and Technology, but this bill aims to address the most essential function of our telephone system: making sure that all Americans’ calls go through. Many people take for granted our modern communications tools. But in rural America, even the basic function of connecting a call is sometimes next to impossible. Consumers tell us often when they call rural areas, they are met with false busy signals or calls not even arriving, just silence. This isn’t just an important problem for rural Americans, but also for people in all of our districts who want to reach loved ones across the country and can’t. This status quo is unacceptable. We need reliable telephone service to keep us connected. It is too important for everyday life, particularly in the wake of the terrible natural disasters that swept through our country earlier this year. It is clearer than ever that basic phone service is critical when responding to emergencies and critical for everything from finding a job to managing your health. We know that problems with call completion are often related to intermediate providers—the middlemen hired to route calls. This bill requires intermediate providers to register with the FCC and comply with service quality standards. These commonsense steps should make it easier to figure out when providers are cutting corners or not doing their jobs. Ultimately, the bill puts consumers first by helping them make sure that we can stay connected to one another. S. 96 is a bipartisan bill that passed on suspension earlier this Congress and last Congress, and I urge my colleagues to support it today. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), the distinguished chair of the Communications and Technology Subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the vice chairman, Mr. LANCE , for the work that he has done on this issue and the ranking member, Mr. DOYLE , for his work on this. As Mr. DOYLE mentioned, many of these issues are complex, and they are things that we do approach on a bipartisan basis. The bill that we have before us on rural call completion is something that Mr. YOUNG and Mr. W ELCH have put time and effort into. They fully understand that while so many of us who work here in an area where a call going through is something that you just take for granted that it is going to happen, that in many parts of our districts, like my district in Tennessee with rural counties, many times you will have those dropped calls or they are degraded calls, or you cannot get the call to go through at all. In times of emergency and in times of trauma for families, when they are trying desperately to get in touch with elderly parents or with home healthcare providers, to get that constant busy signal just adds to that stress of life and that concern for the wellbeing of those who are on the other end of that phone. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. WELCH  and Mr. YOUNG for the job that they have done to push forward with this legislation. As was mentioned earlier, we have previously passed this in the House, and we are pleased that the Senate has moved forward, has taken this up; and we are seeking to finish this up and move it to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues, and I encourage everyone to support this legislation. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. YOUNG ), who has worked so hard on this issue. 
Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act. This is a bill that I introduced in a bipartisan fashion with my colleagues here on both sides of the aisle in the 114th Congress, and we passed it in 2016. Here in the 115th Congress, we passed it again, but we didn’t quite get it to the finish line. But here we are. I want to thank my Democratic colleague from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) for joining me in introducing the legislation. It is much needed. I want to thank Senator KLOBUCHAR  and Senator THUNE for finally getting the Senate to act on this important legislation. This is the Senate bill. To me, it doesn’t matter whose name or what number is on this bill. It is about good policy getting through to the finish line. Telephone companies often rely on intermediate providers to connect calls from larger networks to local service providers. All too often, especially in rural areas, those calls are poor quality, looped, dropped, not even connected, or disconnected. This failure hurts our families, small businesses, farms, and consumers in rural America who are in need of emergency assistance, public services, or are simply trying to do business. Families and businesses in rural America should have the same communication access as those living in urban areas. Improving rural call completion rates and quality are important to ensuring the strength of small towns and granting Americans the choice to live and thrive in whatever community is best for them and their family—rural, urban, or wherever. Our bill will help address this problem by requiring providers to register with the FCC, the Federal Communications Commission, in order to meet quality standards and ensure reliable phone service in rural areas. It also prohibits providers from using intermediary routing services not registered with the FCC. After years of hard work in Congress and by stakeholders spread throughout Iowa, across the heartland, and across the country, I am happy to see this meaningful legislation finally moving again, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman WALDEN ; Ranking Member P ALLONE ; and the subcommittee chair and ranking member, Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. DOYLE , for their help and leadership on this issue. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). Mrs. NOEM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Improving Rural Call Quality and Reliability Act. Most Americans can rely on their phone service to keep in touch with loved ones. They can respond to urgent work when away from their place of business and respond to emergencies. But many of my constituents in South Dakota continue to have these critical calls dropped with absolutely no warning. More specifically, companies in the business of routing voice calls sometimes purposely drop longdistance calls headed for remote areas as a way to save money. While this is inexcusable just for the sheer inconvenience, some of these calls involve emergencies, leaving families in unnecessarily dangerous situations. The provisions within this bill are simple. We simply direct the FCC to establish basic quality standards for providers that transmit voice calls. This will help ensure businesses, families, and emergency responders can count on phone calls being completed. Mr. Speaker, I love living in a small town in America. It is where I grew up, and it is where I have chosen to raise my family. Dependable phone service shouldn’t be a question for those who make the choice to live in wideopen spaces, especially when we are making new, amazing technological advances on a daily basis. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation and ensure that those in South Dakota and rural areas across the country can rely on their phone calls going through. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is a good piece of legislation, and I hope all Members will vote for it when it comes to the floor. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. b1230 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, the House should pass this legislation unanimously. We are one country: urban, suburban, and rural, and this will help rural America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BURGESS ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 96. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2017 Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 582) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–11 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: Beginning on page 4, strike line 10 and all that follows through page 5, line 2, and insert the following: (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to a multiline telephone system that is manufactured, imported, offered for first sale or lease, first sold or leased, or installed after the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YOUNG of Iowa). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. 
Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 582, or Kari’s Law, was sponsored by my good friend, Congressman GOHMERT . This important bill passed earlier this Congress on January 23, 2017. I am pleased that at this time it will be sent to the President to be signed into law. The residents of Texas know of a very painful story. Kari Hunt was murdered in a hotel room by her estranged husband in 2013. Kari’s 9yearold daughter did the exact right thing she knew to do, which was to call 911. Unfortunately, she did not know to dial another digit to get an outside line; and, parenthetically, I would not have known that. This legislation will ensure that when you stay at a hotel, you can dial 911 and the call will go through without dialing another number. Kari’s dad, Hank, and Mr. GOHMERT had been relentless advocates to make sure that this legislation becomes law. I commend their efforts and that of Senator KLOBUCHAR and her staff, along with Senator DEBFISCHER . God bless Kari’s family for not giving up and fighting for this law. It is impossible to express how important it is, especially as we approach the 50th anniversary of 911 service next week. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 582, a bill that passed the House last Congress by voice vote. I agree that we must do all we can to make sure that consumers using multiline telephone systems can directly dial 911 without having to dial additional digits first. These are the large enterprise phone systems that we use in big office buildings and hotels. Many of these phones require consumers to dial an extra 9 to get an outside line. Most of us know that, but too many people do not realize that you also have to dial 9 before dialing 911 on these phones, and if you don’t dial the 9 first, you can’t reach emergency services. As you can imagine, in desperate situations, being able to quickly reach first responders can mean the difference between life and death. This very issue led to a tragedy in Texas several years ago. Kari Dunn was killed while her 9yearold daughter tried to call for help. Kari’s daughter did what she thought she was supposed to do in an emergency, dial 911. But because the system she was using required her to dial that additional 9 first, she only heard silence on the other end. Building on the Herculean effort of Kari Dunn’s family, we are one step closer to fixing this problem once and for all. H.R. 582 is an important step toward making our systems work better in an emergency. But for all the good this bill does, it still leaves work to be done. Specifically, these multiline systems still often fail to deliver accurate location information to first responders. That means that if someone calls 911 from this very building that we are sitting in, for instance, precious minutes could tick by as emergency personnel struggle to figure out where the call came from in this enormous complex. That delay could be the difference between life and death. We must act to correct this problem, too, because making sure the call goes through is only helpful if public safety officials can find the caller. Democrats tried to include such a provision in the version of this bill from last Congress, and at that time we received a commitment from Chairman WALDEN to work together on a separate bill to address this concern. We were not able to solve this problem last Congress, and we expect the commitment will carry over to this Congress. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank the vice chairman and the ranking member for their persistence on this measure. I also commend Mr. GOHMERT , who has worked with Kari’s dad and has seen this through. We are pleased to get this on its way to the President’s desk. Indeed, we are going to continue to work on the enhanced 911 requirements because we do think that that is important. Technology allows more precise indications of exactly, precisely where phone calls are coming from. But solving this problem is one we need to do today. All of us who are moms and dads and have children and grandchildren, you train them to dial 911. I am certain that that is what Kari did with her daughter: If there is ever an emergency, dial 911. And the fact is that this required the preceding digit, an extra number, to be dialed in order to access that outside line that would have delivered that 911 call. So as we look at 50 years of 911 service and Kari’s 36th birthday, which is coming up tomorrow, it is so appropriate that we take this action. So I thank Mr. GOHMERT and the members of the committee who have continued the diligence on this. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it gives me great pleasure to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from the California (Ms. ESHOO ), a valuable member of our Energy and Commerce Committee. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I thank our terrific ranking member for yielding time to me and for his leadership and that of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle. Kari’s Law addresses a very serious problem and it has been outlined by Members on both sides of the aisle, and I support the bill. But it is very important for those who are listening into this discussion this morning that when anyone dials 911 from a hotel, from a large building of several stories, from office buildings, from our office buildings where our offices are—10 floors, 20 floors, 30 floors— seconds really matter and they can make the difference between life or death. You should not have to dial 9 or some other prefix to get help. We already know that that is what happened in this tragic situation where the 9yearold daughter was witnessing the actual murder taking place by her father, the estranged husband of Kari. That woman lost her life. So what is missing in this legislation is accuracy for multiline telephone systems. Once your call reaches the 911 call center, whomever answers that call needs to know exactly where you are to dispatch first responders. Now, if you are in a singlefamily home, it is easy. But if you are in any one of these buildings, hotels, or office buildings, the first responders have to go floor by floor. That takes a long time. We know because we walk from floor to floor just to get over to the Capitol. It takes us 7 or 8 minutes to get from Cannon House Office Building to the Capitol. So if you call 911 again from the 10th floor of a 30story office building, it takes first responders a long time to get there. Oftentimes, during an emergency, individuals who have called in, they don’t really know exactly where they are, or they are so panicked that they are blinded by what is going on that they can’t express that to the dispatcher. That is why location technology is really important. I offered an amendment when this bill was taken up at the Energy and Commerce Committee to include location technology. That was rejected by the majority, but they promised that they would work with me in order to bring that about. Despite a lot of reaching out, et cetera, it didn’t happen. I am once again offering legislation to establish that there will be location technology applied to multiline telephone systems. I think it is essential, and I don’t know anyone who would disagree with that. It just didn’t happen. It is not in this bill. But I think that it is important to highlight, as we celebrate the work that has been done, the important step that this takes, that there is a hole in it. So as has been said by other Members, we are approaching the 50th anniversary next week of the first 911 call ever made in our country. I would like to urge my colleagues to work with me to build on the important progress that this bill represents, Kari’s Law, to ensure that all multiline telephone systems provide a caller’s location when they dial 911 so that the full breadth and depth of an emergency system actually reaches them. Mr. Speaker, I thank our ranking member for yielding time to me. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), the principal sponsor. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I certainly thank my new friend, Mr. LEONARD LANCE , from New Jersey for his great help in marshaling this bill, and I appreciate the bipartisan support. I understand there is another element regarding location and there is some disagreement. I see the merit. I understand some have concerns. But what we found out, just to go back, people have talked about how Kari Hunt was viscously attacked by her estranged husband, and her little 9 yearold daughter calling 911. The way that was learned was—and by the way, she was not only stabbed 21 times, she was repeatedly struck. This is an attack that went on over several minutes. Her brutal, meanspirited estranged husband now says from prison: Well, I don’t think it would have mattered if a 911 call had went through. He was attacking her for several minutes. The police could get there in Marshall in a couple of minutes. It would have made all the difference. b1245 But the way it was learned was that Hank had his little 9yearold granddaughter in his lap after Kari was pronounced dead and was trying to console 
her. She was weeping and said to her grandfather: I don’t know what happened. I kept dialing 911 and nothing ever happened. I would hang up, and I would dial 911, and nothing happened. That is when Hank began to look into it and found out the situation. Then, after he brought it to my attention, we got to looking into it. The hotel associations and the other groups have been very helpful. It turns out that it is not an expense. All it takes is the government directing to make sure these phones are programmed so that when you dial 911, it goes straight out. It won’t cost anything. The programmers themselves have said: Hey, if you have a problem, let us know. We will come out and fix that for free. So all it takes is this government saying: Just do it, so when a child or adult or anyone dials 911 it goes out. I thank my friend, MARSHA BLACK BURN ; I thank Senator K LOBUCHAR for her work; and my staff, Caralee Conklin and Andrew Keyes, particularly, for working on this. Tomorrow, Kari would have turned 36. I believe that this will prevent any other Karis in the future from having their birthday celebrated after they are deceased. This will be a legacy for Kari and for Hank, who are the family, and for her daughter. I thank everyone involved in making this happen, and I thank my Democrat friend for working with us. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we all teach our kids. We teach them how to stay safe and how to respond in an emergency. They learn things like stop, drop, and roll for fires; don’t talk to strangers; look both ways before you cross the street; and dial 911 in emergencies. Unfortunately, there is no lesson explaining that on some phones you must dial 9 to get an outside line before you dial 911. Other phones even have additional numbers, and they are not the same for every phone system. Multiline phone systems like those found in offices—our offices, hotels, and hospitals—make our lives easier by condensing multiple lines into a single phone. One feature of multiline phone systems is that, in order to get outside of the internal lines, you must dial a specific code or set of digits. It doesn’t seem like a big deal or even necessarily life threatening, but to this young girl trying to save her mother, that is exactly what a multiline phone system in Marshall, Texas, became. We have heard the story. In 2013, Kari Dunn was stabbed by her estranged husband while her daughter attempted to dial 911 multiple times. She knew the number to call to save her mother’s life, but she didn’t know to dial 9 to get an outside line. She didn’t realize what a multiphone system represented. The emergency personnel subsequently were not getting notified in time. The Energy and Commerce Committee marked up this bill in a previous Congress and supported its passage into law. I was grateful to support the bill back then. I am grateful to Mr. GOHMERT for continuing to press this issue. I look forward to voting for this again. This tragedy occurred in Texas, but it could have happened anywhere. In emergencies, every minute counts. We must remove obstacles to emergency response, and this bill does just that. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ). (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, it is a great day. I came down here, also, with Congresswoman ESHOO . We chair the bipartisan NextGen 9–11 Caucus. Fifty years is a great anniversary. The caucus has been around 50 years. It is one of those true bipartisan developments. When ANNA and I started, it was Conrad Burns in the Senate and Hillary Clinton on the Senate side. When addressing 911 services and the problems that roll out when we have a successful program, there is nothing perfect. We have to come back and revisit. But it is like baseball, apple pie, and Chevrolet. What could be wrong with being focused on getting emergency services to people in need? That is why 911 is such a great service. I want to thank my colleague from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for bringing this up. We always have to keep changing and updating. As technology moves from the dialup phone to the iPhone and we start doing text and we start doing video, the NextGen 9–11 Caucus works with industry, the telecommunications sector, and the Peace apps to make sure that our firstline responders have the best opportunity to find, as Anna said, what floor. That is a big issue. Technology will overcome that some day, and we have to achieve what we can achieve now, but never shy away from the fact that we can always refine and get better. This is a good start. I want to thank my colleague from Texas. I appreciate his work. I do appreciate my friends on the Democratic side for their commitment and support on this over the years, not just today. Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. I will close for our side now, Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker, I want to first congratulate Representative GOHMERT and Senator KLOBUCHAR for this piece of legislation. I hope that our friends on the Republican side will work with us to improve the location accuracy for these multiline systems. I think that is an important piece of unfinished business that we need to do to make this bill even better. We support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, this is the way Congress should work in a bicameral and a bipartisan capacity. I think those of us who serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee are very proud of our service there. It is the committee in the House of Representatives the sends the most bills to the floor—the most bills that pass, the most bills that pass in the Senate, and the most bills that reach the desk of the President of the United States. This was true of President Obama, as I am sure it will be true of President Trump. This act will improve the lives of the American people. We mourn the loss of the terrible tragedy in Texas, but out of that terrible tragedy we hope to improve the American Nation, and this certainly will do that. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 582. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 53 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1615 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 4 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 8, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of 
the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on February 8, 2018, at 2:49 p.m.: Appointment: The National Council on Disability. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
SMALL BANK HOLDING COMPANY RELIEF ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 4771) to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank holding company policy statement, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 280, nays 139, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lawson (FL) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nolan Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—139 
Adams Aguilar Bass Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Evans Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Serrano Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Barraga´n Black Bridenstine Cummings Frankel (FL) Jones Moulton Ratcliffe Rooney, Francis Shuster Trott 
b1643 Ms. MCCOLLUM, Messrs. GARAMENDI and TED LIEU of California changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, and Mr. SOTO changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 45 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b0320 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 3 o’clock and 20 minutes a.m. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 8, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on February 8, 2018, at 11:17 p.m.: That the Senate agreed to without amendment H. Con. Res. 102. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, February 9, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on February 9, 2018, at 2:41 a.m.: That the Senate agreed to with an amendment H. Con. Res. 104. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 1301. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 1892. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1892, HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT Mr. SESSIONS, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–551) on the resolution (H. Res. 734) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 1892, HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 734 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 734 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, during consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), the ranking member of the Rules Committee, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. The rule provides for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, this 2year budget agreement begins to repair our military and frees our armed services from the harmful spending caps and the devastating practice of funding our troops with stopgap spending bills. It raises defense discretionary spending levels in fiscal year 2018 by $80 billion and nondefense levels by $63 billion, while raising fiscal year 2019 levels by $85 billion and $63 billion respectively. I have been told that this will move spending levels from 2009 spending levels to 2011 spending levels, consistent with what we had done during those periods of time. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. We saw a shutdown just over 2 weeks ago, and here we are again; I believe this is the fifth one since September. And since the Republicans control every branch of the government, we have to wonder what is going on here. I stood in this same spot after midnight in 2013 and announced that the great government of the United States was closed for business. At that point, they were closed for business for 16 days, which means all the Federal buildings and parks were closed. The vendors who had little momandpop stores, newspaper kiosks, and things at Federal businesses lost all the money, a lot of it, people with lunchrooms. The estimate was $24 billion was lost to the Federal Government. As I recall that particular one, that was because Senator CRUZ, a Republican from Texas, didn’t like the Affordable Care Act and apparently was not in favor of giving healthcare to the American people. The first shutdown that occurred when I first came here was during the Clinton administration, when Speaker Gingrich shut down the government of the United States because he was unhappy with the plane seat in Air Force One that had been assigned to him. And 2 weeks ago, it was blamed on the Democrats, which is very strange, since the Democrats do not have the vote to shut down the House. Only the majority has those votes. And this is the first shutdown in history, as far as we can find, that the group of persons who control the House, the Senate, and the White House have given themselves a shutdown. It is a pretty sad day for us. So here we are, 3:30 a.m., 3
1⁄2hours after a government shutdown once again. We have really got to stop this. I tell you, our fellow Americans are in a state of nervous anxiety. The stock market dropped 1,000 points in a single day, twice this week. We have perplexed the entire United States of America as well as large parts of the world. And I would think that a reasonable person, looking at all this, would be understood to believe that perhaps Republicans are incapable of running the government because it is purely, purely government by nothing but crisis. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the distinguished gentlewoman for her help to make sure that the Rules Committee effectively and carefully got their work done this evening, and I want to thank the gentlewoman. I do know it is 3:30 in the morning, and the entire committee, the entire Rules Committee, was prepared on both sides, and I thank the gentlewoman and the staffs that were included. Mr. Speaker, Members of Congress who are elected by their respective districts come to Washington to represent their districts. But perhaps, I think, more importantly, some bit of those people also take into account, not just the representation of their district, but the pride and authorship they have in particular about America, about being a part of America and us standing together. Tonight, we are going to have a chance to say back to one of our Members who has come to Washington, D.C., representing her home of Puerto Rico, home territory of Puerto Rico, and to say back to her that this body offered its condolences for the storms that happened last year. She stood up, representing Puerto Rico. She is a former Speaker of the House of Puerto Rico. She stands with the people of Puerto Rico. She has come and visited Member after Member after Member to sell to them, not only the attributes of how to fix Puerto Rico, but came and did the things legislatively. With great, great admiration, I will tell you that our next speaker, who is a member of the Republican majority, has really done an outstanding job as a brand new Member of this body; and I am pleased that we can say tonight, included in this package is that disaster package that the House passed last, I think, October. She has worked hard. She has had faith and confidence, not only in her home territory of Puerto Rico, but in her body here, the United States Congress. Mr. Speaker, it is with extreme pride that I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Puerto Rico (Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N), the former Speaker of the House of Puerto Rico. Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for allowing me to support this rule that will have, finally, this bill to be considered on this floor. I think it is important to acknowledge that still, 5 months after the storm, after Hurricane Maria and Hurricane Irma hit Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, 30 percent of Puerto 
Ricans are still without power. That is something that you will never expect in a U.S. territory or neither a State. So that is one of the biggest reasons I stood here, at 3:30 in the morning. Why? Because it is time to show our deeds in terms of supporting a bill that will have the money to restore the power grid in Puerto Rico, to help the island to recover from the last hurricanes. Also, we were facing a medical cliff in April of this year—a medical cliff that will put an end to the insurance to 680,000 patients in the island. That is the reason this bill is so important for Puerto Rico. Actually, we have been waiting for 2 months. This bill has been stalled in the Senate, and I actually am very happy to see that agreement between Republicans and Democrats in the Senate voted 71–28 to have this bill here tonight. Mr. Speaker, I need to say that today Congress will make a critical vote in terms of that we finally have a budget deal, and this is the time to vote, not for ideologies, but for the people, for American citizens all over the States. For the States and territories that were struck by disaster during the last year, this bill will provide billions of dollars, including improvement to Puerto Rico’s electrical power network. It also takes the steps to secure the island’s Medicaid program and ensure that our people do not lose their health coverage. For the past year, I have been fighting to ensure Puerto Rico receives the money necessary to avoid that medical cliff now in April. This funding will give Puerto Rico and Congress the time to craft a longterm solution, not just for Puerto Rico, but for all U.S. territories, and help out the medical problems that we all face. I want to thank, especially, the Speaker of the House, Speaker RYAN, the members of this leadership who have been supporting me all of the way; the chairmen, Chairman WALDEN , Chairman BURGESS , Chairman S ESSIONS , Chairman F RELINGHUYSEN ; and all members of this House leadership who have been working with me, visiting the island, even Members from the other side of the aisle, supporting Puerto Rico. You know what? That is the hard work that we need to do for our people. On the Senate side, I need to thank our special friend and advocate, Senator MARCO RUBIO, who has been supporting this issue since day one. I also want to thank all Members of both Chambers willing to save Puerto Rico from near collapse and to help their fellow citizens in the island. I urge my Democratic colleagues, if we want to help Puerto Rico, now is the time to do it. It is not just talking, it is time to act. It is time to vote for this kind of bill. We can’t be hostage of another bill, and I do support having an immigration bill happen. This is a disaster bill that has been included. It has been included in this budget, and we must take action today. That is the reason; this is the time to show it, not by words, by acts. That is the reason I ask my colleagues to vote for this, not say just we want to help Puerto Rico. This is the time to show you really want to help Puerto Rico; you really want to help the island. I understand that, as the Senate did a few minutes ago, we can come together and support what we are willing to do. In Puerto Rico, there are still a lot of things that need to be done. There are so many needs to be met. But let’s continue to work together, as the Senate did today; and I hope, and I expect, the House can do the same thing. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. If we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipartisan, bicameral legislation must pass before the time runs out on hundreds of thousands of young people who were promised, by a previous administration, that if they registered and paid $500, they could stay in the only country they know. Without any warning, the new President invalidated the program and their lives. The things that they were promised were taken away, and those young people, a part of our lives, are living in fear. I really hope that we can do something about that. It is past time. But I think what happened to them was most unAmerican. So I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ) to discuss our proposal. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I stand here this morning for Nicole, Miriam, Antonio, Karen, Leo, Adriana, and hundreds of thousands of other young Americans who dream and pray for only one thing: that this esteemed body of elected Representatives, endowed with a solemn responsibility to enact laws, will see a piece of themselves in them; that they will see beyond the circumstances by which they came to call America home and, instead, see the American values that they hold deep in their heart of hearts. I would surmise that there isn’t one congressional district that isn’t home to a DREAMer, and, by God, we are all lucky for it because, to our kids, DREAMers are their friends; to our students, DREAMers are their teachers; and to our seniors and elders, DREAMers are, in fact, their caretakers. DREAMers are entrepreneurs with the grit and determination to do something with nothing, following in the footsteps of intrepid explorers who forged new paths that led us to amazing discoveries. To our economy, DREAMers are a welloiled engine of valedictorians, doctors, software engineers, and technicians hoping to give back to their communities. Their imagination and determination is a driving force in the offices of Fortune 500 companies and the Main Streets of our towns and cities. And every year, for the next decade, DREAMer ingenuity and tenacity will quite literally pump billions into our economy. Their efforts help America grow faster and stronger. And collectively, for our Nation, they represent our future and are a reflection of our values. DREAMers are wideeyed American optimism. They work so hard because they are so grateful and, despite setbacks, they persevere. Despite struggles, they overcome, just as Americans always have. And in the face of unbelievable adversity, DREAMers beam the hopefulness and dynamism that gives meaning to the American promise. Our Founders knew that our democracy wasn’t perfect, but they believed that, as lawmakers and representatives, we would work every day to live up to the ideals they set forth. And today, we have an opportunity to do just that. All we have to do is enshrine the promise that unlocked the incredible potential of these young Americans by passing the Dream Act now. With one vote, we have a chance to unite our country around young people who embody our belief that hard work actually pays off. So I ask my colleagues to vote against the previous question so that we can immediately bring the Dream Act to the floor and provide certainty for Americans like Nicole, Miriam, Antonio, Karen, Leo, and Adriana who want to continue to contribute to the country that they love, the only country they have ever known. We cannot afford to wait another day. b0340 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ), a member of the Republican leadership team. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, at 3:40 in the morning, I am a little surprised that some of our colleagues wish to reprise history, but I guess so be it. Some forget here that we passed all 12 appropriations bills in September, to no avail. They sit in the Senate requiring 60 votes. I remember a few days ago I stood here and we talked about math with my colleagues, and the Republicans had 51 votes in the Senate. A democracy requires people work together. The Senate decided not to do that, so we have ended up with a series of continuing resolutions, what I consider to 
be an absolute travesty of governance. We have to fund the government in pieces. A month here, 6 weeks there. The last CR, we almost had a deal. It seemed like there was an arrangement we would have to move forward to fund the government before the shutdown. But, I will stress, some of our colleagues on the other side of the aisle in the other Chamber decided to throw the kitchen sink at it, demand their entire legislative agenda be put into a CR; DACA, which we are hearing tonight, then they came up with pensions. It was one thing after another of demands, using funding our military, funding our government, keeping the lights on as leverage for their political agenda. We have a basic function here: keep the lights on. The second thing the Constitution says is to preserve and protect our Nation, which means we have to fund our military. But some have felt this is not necessarily a priority of theirs if they can’t get the other things they want when they want them. We now have a bipartisan agreement that the Senate has sent over. It is far from perfect. I don’t know if we will ever see perfect in this Chamber. In my 35 years of business, I rarely saw perfect, but you take progress and move on. What does it do for us? It fully funds defense at the level that Secretary Mattis requested so we can defend our Nation against the threats we see and take care of our military men and women. It funds community health centers. I have 11 of them in my district. It provides 10year funding for CHIP now— the Children’s Health Insurance Program—near and dear to all of us. It provides a down payment on infrastructure that is badly needed in this country. It provides additional funding for opioid treatment in this Nation, a crisis that we face. So, again, I am left to wonder why it is we want to defeat the rule to turn down this effort, this bipartisan agreement, to add another agenda in there. Why would my colleagues want to do that? At some point in time we take progress. The Speaker has indicated we will deal with DACA. We will also move on to dealing with infrastructure. We will move on to workforce development. We have got serious policy issues to deal with, but the priority we have at this moment in time is to fund the government. We have a bipartisan agreement in front of us that has cleared the Senate. It is now 3:43 a.m. I suggest we simply pass the rule, pass it, and go home and get on with policy next week. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), a distinguished member of the Rules Committee. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I am saddened that this body is descending down a fiscally irresponsible path, a path to trilliondollar deficits, a path to mortgaging the future for my children and yours. To be clear, what this massive spending bill includes is a 14.6 percent increase in defense spending and a 12.2 percent increase in nondefense spending this year. Next year, a 15.1 percent increase in defense spending and 12.9 percent in nondefense spending. The headlines in The New York Times, Mr. Speaker, says: ‘‘As Deficit Soars Toward $1 trillion, Congress Shrugs and Keeps Spending.’’ I also want to quote from the Los Angeles Times. It says: ‘‘The budget deal also means that the United States probably will be returning to trillion dollar annual deficits . . . .’’ When Trump took office about a year ago, the Congressional Budget Office projected the Nation’s deficit would run between $500 billion and $700 billion. Now, with lower tax revenues and new spending, the deficit will blow past $1 trillion in 2019. To be fair, I have long argued that $500 billion to $700 billion deficits are too large. I have supported spending cuts, and I opposed the massive Republican giveaway to special interests through the tax reform bill. It would be easy to say here, Mr. Speaker, that the Republicans own this deficit, the Republicans own this debt. But that is too easy, Mr. Speaker. Do you know who owns this debt? My family and yours. It is owned by the American people, Mr. Speaker, in the form of future taxation, in the form of future reduction in services, in the form of a future threat to Social Security and Medicare. This fiscally irresponsible path has got to end. I will be opposing this bill, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who care about the fiscal solvency of this Nation to join me in opposing this irresponsible spending bill. As has been mentioned, this bill also fails to include comprehensive immigration reform or the Dream Act. I would note that comprehensive immigration reform, which passed the Senate with a more than twothirds vote a few years ago, would reduce our budget deficit by over $200 billion in increased tax revenue and increased economic productivity. While the Dream Act and similar measures haven’t been formally scored, they also would contribute to reducing our budget deficit because hardworking Americans would be able to get jobs, pay taxes, and participate in the American Dream. If this massive Republican spending bill passes, it will only dig our Nation deeper into a debt that will become harder and harder to ever emerge from. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject this massive Republican spending bill and to get to work on fiscally responsible measures, like comprehensive immigration reform and the Dream Act; to reduce our budget deficit and, hopefully, eliminate it rather than bloat it further and further. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD a Statement of Administration Policy, which is referred to as a SAP. It comes from the Executive Office of the President. Mr. Speaker, if I could read the last paragraph: ‘‘If the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 were presented to the President in its current form, his advisors would recommend that he sign it into law.’’ 
BUDGET ACT OF 2018 —(SEN. MCCONNELL , R–KY) The Administration supports Senate passage of the substitute amendment to H.R. 1892, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. This amendment raises the defense spending caps for fiscal year (FY) 2018 and FY 2019, a key step toward fulfilling the President’s promise to rebuild America’s military and ensure funding would be provided to support the enacted National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (NDAA). After years of dangerous spending reductions and an unpredictable budgetary environment perpetuated by numerous continuing resolutions, the Bipartisan Budget Act lays the groundwork for full funding of America’s national defense, within the framework of the Administration’s National Security and Defense Strategies and the NDAA. Passage of this legislation would ensure America is prepared to deter and, if necessary, defeat the full spectrum of threats from rival powers, rogue states, and terrorist organizations like the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. The Bipartisan Budget Act lays the groundwork for higher investments in several Administration priorities, including infrastructure and combating the opioid epidemic, and the Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to reflect the Administration’s detailed funding priorities for the remainder of FY 2018 and for FY 2019 for both defense and nondefense needs. At the same time, it is critical that the Congress work to decrease nondefense spending in other areas to reduce America’s growing national debt. The Bipartisan Budget Act provides nondefense discretionary spending levels higher than the Administration deems necessary. Additionally, although the Bipartisan Budget Act does include some spending reductions, the Administration has proposed hundreds of billions of dollars in additional spending reductions that the Congress should also enact without delay in order to improve our fiscal state. Further, the Administration recognizes the Congress’s desire to provide significant funding for victims of the recent hurricanes and wildfires, as provided in the Bipartisan Budget Act and previously in the Housepassed supplemental bill (H.R. 4667). The Administration looks forward to working with the Congress to ensure that adequate oversight is exercised over disasterrelated funds to ensure that these funds reach the communities devastated by natural disasters and are not misapplied. The Administration supports other components of the Bipartisan Budget Act, including greater certainty for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, an extension of funding for Community Health Centers, and repeal of Obamacare’s Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB). The IPAB authority allows an unelected, unaccountable board to undertake major changes to the Medicare program. The repeal of IPAB furthers the President’s goal of repealing and replacing Obamacare. 
The Administration also supports suspending the debt limit until March 2019 to provide the certainty to markets around the world that the United States will honor its obligations. Furthermore, the Administration is concerned with future extensions of special interest tax deductions and benefits in the wake of tax cuts and reforms that were enacted in December 2017. The President’s top priority is to keep the Nation safe from those who wish to harm it, both at home and abroad. To do so, the United States military needs the resources provided in the Bipartisan Budget Act, which have previously been supported on a bipartisan basis in the NDAA and in multiple bills passed by the House. If the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 were presented to the President in its current form, his advisors would recommend that he sign it into law. 
Mr. SESSIONS. There should be no question about that, that the President of the United States is asking not only Members of Congress but the American people to understand how important it is to make sure that this government is up and running, to make sure that our military is funded, and that the men and women who protect this great Nation, those volunteers to our military, deserve a right to have us fully fund our military for the rest of the year. I know and the Chair knows, Mr. Speaker, that this deal is only until March 23. But we should not ever allow our military to be put in harm’s way. They are the ones who protect us, and for us putting them in harm’s way without the money to protect them I think is bad timing and a bad way for us to extend our support to the military. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased today, at 10 minutes to 4 o’clock Eastern time, that we can say we are going to move forward with this bill that fully funds the military for the rest of the year. I will ask our Members at the very end, accordingly, to please support this underlying legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), a distinguished member of the Committee on Rules. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I believe we ought to help the DREAMers. My Republican colleagues have said they want to help the DREAMers as well, yet they have done nothing. I am deeply frustrated, angry, and disappointed that in the greatest deliberative body in the world, we are constantly prevented from deliberating. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to defeat the previous question so we can bring up the Dream Act so we can help nearly a million people in this country, mostly young people who came here when they were very, very young, who know no other country but this country as their own. We ought to find a way to protect them, to give them peace of mind. That shouldn’t be a radical idea. Yet we can’t seem to ever bring to the floor a remedy, a solution to help these people. Speaker RYAN, when he took the gavel in 2015, promised a return to regular order. He said: ‘‘We need to let every Member contribute.’’ He also said: ‘‘We ought to open up the process and let people participate.’’ Well, there is a bipartisan group here who believe we ought to protect the DREAMers, who have a solution: the Dream Act. Let us bring it to the floor, have a debate, and vote on it. If my Republican colleagues don’t want to vote for it, they can vote ‘‘no.’’ But we ought to have a debate on this. This is a bigenough deal. This is an important enough issue where we ought to have this debate. It really is frustrating that at this late hour we can’t even get a commitment from the Speaker of the House to bring this issue to the floor. This spending bill that we are talking about, this budget deal, would pass overwhelmingly. All Democrats, I am sure, would support it if the Speaker would just make one promise, and that is that we can bring a bill to the floor, a bill that we think is appropriate, to help the DREAMers. That is it. If my Republican friends don’t want to support it, they can vote ‘‘no.’’ But to not let an issue like this be debated on the floor, to not think it is important enough to bring before the full House, is unconscionable. I don’t know whether my friends on the other side of the aisle have met DREAMers or not, but they have been here. They have been knocking on your door. These are incredible people. They contribute to this country in so many ways. They have led efforts to help protect people who have been victims of hurricanes all throughout this country. They have saved lives. They serve in our military. All we want is a vote. That is it. And I just, for the life of me, can’t quite understand why this is such a heavy lift. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can have this debate. I am tired of all the excuses. I am tired of all the reasons that we are being given why we can’t debate this issue. This is important. These are real people. These are members of our community. They are our neighbors. The time has come for us to act. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question. Let’s have this debate. Let’s protect the DREAMers. Let’s do the right thing. But enough of the excuses. Enough of the excuses. It is time to vote. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, this past year, 80 members of our armed services lost their lives in training and noncombatrelated fatalities. We are going to attempt tonight, not wait, to pass a bill which will offer funding for our military. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democratic leader. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. I thank the members of the Rules Committee, all of them, for the great service they provide to the House of Representatives, this great House of the people. I wish that the Speaker would treat the House of the people with the dignity that it deserves by giving us an opportunity, just an opportunity, for him to say that he would bring legislation to the floor, the HurdAguilar bill for one, and then the other pieces of legislation regarding DACA so that the House could work its will under the queenofthehill rule. Last night, Mr. CLYBURN , the assistant leader; Mr. HOYER , the Democratic whip; and I sent a letter to the Speaker. It said: ‘‘Dear Mr. Speaker: In the spirit of bipartisanship, we write again to reiterate our sincere desire to ensure that the government remains open and that the priorities of the American people are properly addressed. As you know, Democrats have been clear that we support a budget agreement that ensures our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect our country and that America’s middle class and working families have the tools they need to succeed. As part of this agreement, we have always expected that the House and the Senate would address the issue of DACA and the DREAMers. ‘‘Most of our Members believe that this budget agreement is a reasonable compromise to address America’s military strength and critical domestic priorities, like fighting the opioid crisis, boosting the National Institutes of Health, moving forward to resolve the pension crisis, caring for our veterans, making college more affordable, and investing in childcare for working families.’’ The agenda that I read was what we fought for and obtained in the budget agreement. We did not object to the large amount of money that was in the bill for defense, although some had asked: What is the purpose? What is the mission? We said: Let’s go forward with that. But to keep faith with the budget agreement, we insisted that the increases in defense would be met by increases on the domestic side. So we have fought this fight. This is a success for us to get, as I said, the opioid crisis, boosting the NIH, the pension crisis, caring for our veterans, making college more affordable, and investing in childcare for our working families. This was the fight we had 
with the Republicans because they have a reluctancy to support domestic spending. So the fact that this came to agreement after months of going back and forth on the caps, I think, is very important to recognize. But, again, writing to the Speaker: ‘‘We are writing to again reiterate our request that you make a public statement regarding the scheduling of a vote on a DACA bill. Our request is that you publicly state that you will schedule a vote to consider the bipartisan HurdAguilar bill and any other DACA bills that you wish to consider under a Queen of the Hill rule,’’ as I mentioned earlier. ‘‘We strongly believe that Members of the House and their constituents deserve the same dignity that Leader MCCONNELL has extended to Members of the Senate by allowing for a vote on this issue. ‘‘Thank you for your immediate attention to this letter.’’ So we haven’t heard back from the Speaker on this, but I do support defeating the previous question. One of the gentlemen on the other asked: Why would anybody vote against this bill? Why would anybody vote against this rule? Well, because we have an opportunity right here to take matters into our own hands. Defeat the previous question so that we can take up the Dream Act. That would be the House working its will, because we do know that the Dream Act has support on both sides of the aisle. We thank our Republican colleagues, those who have spoken out publicly, for their courage in supporting this protection. If another country said that they were going to deport 800,000 people or place in jeopardy their protections under the law, we would be appalled. We would criticize them. So how can we, the United States of America—give me your poor—you know Emma Lazarus. I don’t have to go into it right now. b0400 But I do. We all carry it in our hearts. So I urge a ‘‘no’’ on the previous question because a ‘‘yes’’ would have allowed us to bring up the Dream Act. I really want to disabuse anyone in this body of any idea that we are not there to support our men and women in uniform and to give them the resources they need to keep themselves and our Nation safe. But I do recognize also that what our military are protecting is the greatest country that ever existed in the history of the world, the United States of America. What is the United States of America? It is a country governed by a constitution that has been a beacon to the world. It is a country populated by the beautiful diversity of America. It is a country that has a beautiful patrimony given to us by God, our natural beauty. Fighting for those values is what we try to do in this bill. Why can’t we extend the hand of friendship and protection to our DREAMers? Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of my colleague if he has any further speakers? Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I would advise the gentlewoman I will be closing as soon as she does. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let’s acknowledge that a deal like this could have come much sooner if the majority tried bipartisanship from the very beginning. Instead, our Nation has had to go through four shortterm funding fights and two government shutdowns to arrive at where we are this morning. All of that was entirely preventible. It was brought on by the majority’s inability to get its work done. It was little more than a week ago that President Trump stood in this Chamber and gave his State of the Union Address. In it, he proclaimed: ‘‘I call upon all of us to set aside our differences, to seek out common ground, and to summon the unity we need to deliver for the people.’’ That was Tuesday. But the following Tuesday, the President said that he would love to see a shutdown. He keeps injecting incredible confusion and uncertainty as to what he actually would be willing to sign into law. I am aware that my colleague, Mr. SESSIONS , did assure us that he wants to sign this bill. Mr. Speaker, it has been an awful long night, and it didn’t need to be. We don’t need to take up every crisis to the very brink. Since you control every lever of power in this government, you have failed the most basic responsibility: to run this government in a sensible and intelligent way. Everybody— all of us—know, whether we want to admit it or not, that this is no way to run a government and certainly not a government as important as the one we were sent here to represent. I also urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the previous question so the House can take up the Dream Act because time is so quickly running out on those young people. It would be a blot on our conscience for the rest of our lives if we did nothing to help. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, my friend and colleague, the ranking member of the Rules Committee; and the entire Rules Committee, Republicans and Democrats; and our staffs for their work late tonight and well into the morning. Mr. Speaker, there was a question about the President of the United States and his advice that he has provided to this body. The President of the United States has indicated through a Statement of Administration Policy that there would be an expectation the President would sign this bill. What does this mean? This means that, as quickly as we can accomplish this rule, the underlying legislation, and the vote, perhaps as early as 7 o’clock this morning or earlier, the President of the United States may sign that; meaning that the American people could wake up today with confidence that the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives has averted a further problem through the leadership of making sure that we move forward to fund the government. Make no mistake about it: there will be people who vote ‘‘yes’’ and people who vote ‘‘no,’’ and that is up to them. But, Mr. Speaker, tonight I would ask every Member of this body for that ‘‘aye’’ vote to do the right thing to fund the government. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Ms. SLAUGHTER is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 734 O FFERED BY  MS. SLAUGHTER OF NEWYORK At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: SEC. 2. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long term United States residents and who entered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. SEC. 3. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. 
THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote 
against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule ....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if ordered; and Suspending the rules and passing S. 96, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 186, not voting 20, as follows: [Roll No. 67] YEAS—224 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—186 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bridenstine Cartwright Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio Fitzpatrick Gosar Hudson Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur LaHood Lewis (GA) Palazzo Renacci Turner Yoho 
b0431 Mr. GOTTHEIMER changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 67. Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 67. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 224, nays 193, not voting 13, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—13 
Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bridenstine Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio Gosar Jones Kaptur Palazzo Turner Yoho 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 67 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 68. 
IMPROVING RURAL CALL QUALITY AND RELIABILITY ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (S. 96) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further discussion of H.R. 1892. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 734, I call up the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. Senate amendment to House amendment to Senate amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted, insert the following: 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018’’. DIVISION B—SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS, TAX RELIEF, AND MEDICAID CHANGES RELATING TO CERTAIN DISASTERS AND FURTHER EXTENSION OF CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS Subdivision 1—Further Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 The following sums in this subdivision are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018 and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS PROCESSING , RESEARCH AND MARKETING  OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’, $2,360,000,000, which shall remain available until December 31, 2019, for necessary expenses related to crops, trees, bushes, and vine losses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and other 
hurricanes and wildfires occurring in calendar year 2017 under such terms and conditions as determined by the Secretary: Provided, That the Secretary may provide assistance for such losses in the form of block grants to eligible states and territories: Provided further, That the total amount of payments received under this heading and applicable policies of crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) or the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) shall not exceed 85 percent of the loss as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the total amount of payments received under this heading for producers who did not obtain a policy or plan of insurance for an insurable commodity for the 2017 crop year, or 2018 crop year as applicable, under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) for the crop incurring the losses or did not file the required paperwork and pay the service fee by the applicable State filing deadline for a noninsurable commodity for the 2017 crop year, or 2018 crop year as applicable, under NAP for the crop incurring the losses shall not exceed 65 percent of the loss as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That producers receiving payments under this heading, as determined by the Secretary, shall be required to purchase crop insurance where crop insurance is available for the next two available crop years, and producers receiving payments under this heading shall be required to purchase coverage under NAP where crop insurance is not available in the next two available crop years, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That, not later than 90 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress specifying the type, amount, and method of such assistance by state and territory and the status of the amounts obligated and plans for further expenditure and include improvements that can be made to Federal Crop Insurance policies, either administratively or legislatively, to increase participation, particularly among underserved producers, in higher levels of coverage in future years for crops qualifying for assistance under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, $2,500,000, to remain available until expended, for oversight and audit of programs, grants, and activities funded by this subdivision and administered by the Department of Agriculture: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AGRICULTURAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’, $22,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FARMSERVICE AGENCY  
EMERGENCY CONSERVATION PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Emergency Conservation Program’’, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and of wildfires occurring in calendar year 2017, and other natural disasters, $400,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION OPERATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations’’, for necessary expenses for the Emergency Watershed Protection Program related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and of wildfires occurring in calendar year 2017, and other natural disasters, $541,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RURAL DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS RURAL HOUSING SERVICE  
ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Rural Housing Insurance Fund Program Account’’, $18,672,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for the cost of direct loans, including the cost of modifying loans as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, for the rehabilitation of section 515 rental housing (42 U.S.C. 1485) in areas impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria where owners were not required to carry national flood insurance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RURAL UTILITIES SERVICE  
ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’, $165,475,000, to remain available until expended, for grants to repair drinking water systems and sewer and solid waste disposal systems impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That not to exceed $2,000,000 of the amount appropriated under this heading shall be for technical assistance grants for rural water and waste systems pursuant to section 306(a)(22) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DOMESTIC FOOD PROGRAMS FOOD AND NUTRITION SERVICE  
WOMEN , INFANTS , AND CHILDREN (WIC)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children’’, $14,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for infrastructure grants to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to assist in the repair and restoration of buildings, equipment, technology, and other infrastructure damaged as a consequence of Hurricanes Irma and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
COMMODITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Commodity Assistance Program’’ for the emergency food assistance program as authorized by section 27(a) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2036(a)) and section 204(a)(1) of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983 (7 U.S.C. 7508(a)(1)), $24,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for necessary expenses of those jurisdictions that received a major disaster or emergency declaration pursuant to section 401 or 501, respectively, of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170, 5191) related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria or due to wildfires in 2017: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provisions of the Emergency Food Assistance Act of 1983, the Secretary of Agriculture may provide resources to Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands of the United States, and affected States, as determined by the Secretary, to assist affected families and individuals without regard to sections 204 and 214 of such Act (7 U.S.C. 7508, 7515) by allocating additional foods and funds for administrative expenses from resources specifically appropriated, transferred, or reprogrammed: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RELATED AGENCIES AND FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’, $7,600,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount may be transferred to ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Food and Drug Administration—Salaries and Expenses’’ for costs related to repair of facilities, for replacement of equipment, and for other increases in facilityrelated costs: Provided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated by this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE SEC. 20101. (a) Section 1501(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter before subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘sold livestock for a reduced sale price, or both’’ after ‘‘normal mortality,’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘applicable livestock on the day before the date of death of the livestock, as determined by the Secretary.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘affected livestock, as determined by the Secretary, on, as applicable— ‘‘(A) the day before the date of death of the livestock; or ‘‘(B) the day before the date of the event that caused the harm to the livestock that resulted in a reduced sale price.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) A payment made under paragraph (1) to an eligible producer on a farm that sold livestock for a reduced sale price shall— ‘‘(A) be made if the sale occurs within a reasonable period following the event, as determined by the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) be reduced by the amount that the producer received for the sale.’’. (b) Section 1501(d)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(d)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘not more than $20,000,000 of’’. (c) Section 1501(e)(4)(C) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081(e)(4)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘500 acres’’ and inserting ‘‘1,000 acres’’. (d) Section 1501 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (B); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C), as amended by subsection (c), as subparagraph (B); and 
(2) in subsection (f)(2), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (b) and (e)’’. (e) Section 1501 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9081), as amended by this section, shall apply with respect to losses described in such section 1501 incurred on or after January 1, 2017. (f) The amounts provided by subsections (a) through (e) for fiscal year 2018 are designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Pursuant to section 703 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3233), for an additional amount for ‘‘Economic Development Assistance Programs’’ for necessary expenses related to flood mitigation, disaster relief, longterm recovery, and restoration of infrastructure in areas that received a major disaster designation as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and of wildfires and other natural disasters occurring in calendar year 2017 under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $600,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That within the amount appropriated, up to 2 percent of funds may be transferred to the ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account for administration and oversight activities: Provided further, That within the amount appropriated, $1,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for carrying out investigations and audits related to the funding provided under this heading. NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS , RESEARCH , AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations, Research, and Facilities’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $120,904,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) $12,904,000 for repair and replacement of observing assets, Federal real property, and equipment; (2) $18,000,000 for marine debris assessment and removal; (3) $40,000,000 for mapping, charting, and geodesy services; and (4) $50,000,000 to improve weather forecasting, hurricane intensity forecasting and flood forecasting and mitigation capabilities, including data assimilation from ocean observing platforms and satellites: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision. 
PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Acquisition and Construction’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $79,232,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, as follows: (1) $29,232,000 for repair and replacement of Federal real property and observing assets; and (2) $50,000,000 for improvements to operational and research weather supercomputing infrastructure and for improvement of satellite ground services used in hurricane intensity and track prediction: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision. FISHERIES DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Fisheries Disaster Assistance’’ for necessary expenses associated with the mitigation of fishery disasters, $200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds shall be used for mitigating the effects of commercial fishery failures and fishery resource disasters declared by the Secretary of Commerce in calendar year 2017, as well those declared by the Secretary to be a direct result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, or Maria: Provided further, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $2,500,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $21,200,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DRUGENFORCEMENT ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $11,500,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL PRISON SYSTEM  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $16,000,000: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $34,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SCIENCE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION  
AND RESTORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction and Environmental Compliance and Restoration’’ for repairs at National Aeronautics and Space Administration facilities damaged by hurricanes during 2017, $81,300,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION  
RESEARCH AND RELATED ACTIVITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Research and Related Activities’’ for necessary expenses to repair National Science Foundation radio observatory facilities damaged by hurricanes that occurred during 2017, $16,300,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Science Foundation shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision. RELATED AGENCIES LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Payment to the Legal Services Corporation’’ to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act by providing for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and of the calendar year 2017 wildfires, $15,000,000: Provided, That the amount made available under this heading shall be used only to provide the mobile resources, technology, and disaster coordinators necessary to provide stormrelated services to the Legal Services Corporation client population and only in the areas significantly affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and by the calendar year 2017 wildfires: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this subdivision to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appropriated in this subdivision to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2017 and 2018, respectively, and except that sections 501 and 503 of Public Law 104–134 (referenced by Public Law 105–119) shall not apply to the amount made available under this heading: Provided further, That, for the purposes of this subdivision, the Legal Services Corporation shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE SEC. 20201. (a) In recognition of the consistency of the MidBarataria Sediment Diversion, 
MidBreton Sound Sediment Diversion, and Calcasieu Ship Channel Salinity Control Measures projects, as selected by the 2017 Louisiana Comprehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast, with the findings and policy declarations in section 2(6) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 1361 et seq., as amended) regarding maintaining the health and stability of the marine ecosystem, within 120 days of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Commerce shall issue a waiver pursuant to section 101(a)(3)(A) and this section to section 101(a) and section 102(a) of the Act, for such projects that will remain in effect for the duration of the construction, operations and maintenance of the projects. No rulemaking, permit, determination, or other condition or limitation shall be required when issuing a waiver pursuant to this section. (b) Upon issuance of a waiver pursuant to this section, the State of Louisiana shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce: (1) To the extent practicable and consistent with the purposes of the projects, minimize impacts on marine mammal species and population stocks; and (2) Monitor and evaluate the impacts of the projects on such species and population stocks. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE—MILITARY OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $20,110,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $267,796,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $17,920,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $20,916,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $2,650,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $12,500,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $2,922,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $5,770,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $55,471,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’ $18,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’ for the Navy Working Capital Fund, $9,486,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for operation and maintenance for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $704,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE IV CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
INVESTIGATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Investigations’’ for necessary expenses related to the completion, or initiation and completion, of flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, studies which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this subdivision, to reduce risk from future floods and hurricanes, at full Federal expense, $135,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, not less than $75,000,000 is available for such studies in States and insular areas that were impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading shall be for highpriority studies of projects in States and insular areas with more than one floodrelated major disaster declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) in calendar years 2014, 2015, 2016, or 2017: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, including new studies selected to be initiated using funds provided under this heading, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction’’ for necessary expenses to address emergency situations at Corps of Engineers projects, and to construct, and rehabilitate and repair damages caused by natural disasters, to Corps of Engineers projects, $15,055,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $15,000,000,000 is available to construct flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, projects which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this subdivision, and flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, projects which have signed Chief’s Reports as of the date of enactment of this subdivision or which are studied using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Investigations’’ if the Secretary determines such projects to be technically feasible, economically justified, and environmentally acceptable, in States and insular areas with more than one floodrelated major disaster declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) in calendar years 2014, 2015, 2016, or 2017: Provided further, That of the amounts in the preceding proviso, not less than $10,425,000,000 shall be available for such projects within States and insular areas that were impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided further, That all repair, rehabilitation, study, design, and construction of Corps of Engineers projects in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, using funds provided under this heading, shall be conducted at full Federal expense: Provided further, That for projects receiving funding under this heading, the provisions of section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 shall not apply to these funds: Provided further, That the completion of ongoing construction projects receiving funds provided under this heading shall be at full Federal expense with respect to such funds: Provided further, That using funds provided under this heading, the nonFederal cash contribution for projects eligible for funding pursuant to the first proviso shall be financed in accordance with the provisions of section 103(k) of Public Law 99–662 over a period of 30 years from the date of completion of the project or separable element: Provided further, That up to $50,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for continuing authorities projects to reduce the risk of flooding and storm damage: Provided further, That any projects using funds appropriated under this heading shall be initiated only after nonFederal interests have entered into binding agreements with the Secretary requiring, where applicable, the nonFederal interests to pay 100 percent of the operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and rehabilitation costs of the 
project and to hold and save the United States free from damages due to the construction or operation and maintenance of the project, except for damages due to the fault or negligence of the United States or its contractors: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Mississippi River and Tributaries’’ for necessary expenses to address emergency situations at Corps of Engineers projects, and to construct, and rehabilitate and repair damages to Corps of Engineers projects, caused by natural disasters, $770,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $400,000,000 is available to construct flood and storm damage reduction projects which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this subdivision: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ for necessary expenses to dredge Federal navigation projects in response to, and repair damages to Corps of Engineers Federal projects caused by, natural disasters, $608,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies’’, as authorized by section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n), for necessary expenses to prepare for flood, hurricane and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters, as authorized by law, $810,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funding utilized for authorized shore protection projects shall restore such projects to the full project profile at full Federal expense: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Expenses’’ for necessary expenses to administer and oversee the obligation and expenditure of amounts provided in this title for the Corps of Engineers, $20,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivision. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ELECTRICITY DELIVERY AND ENERGY  RELIABILITY  For an additional amount for ‘‘Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability’’, $13,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including technical assistance related to electric grids: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Strategic Petroleum Reserve’’, $8,716,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to damages caused by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 20401. In fiscal year 2018, and each fiscal year thereafter, the Chief of Engineers of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers shall transmit to the Congress, after reasonable opportunity for comment, but without change, by the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works, a monthly report, the first of which shall be transmitted to Congress not later than 2 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision and monthly thereafter, which includes detailed estimates of damages to each Corps of Engineers project, caused by natural disasters or otherwise. SEC. 20402. From the unobligated balances of amounts made available to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, $518,900,000 under the heading ‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil, Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies’’ and $210,000,000 under the heading ‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil, Operations and Maintenance’’ in title X of the Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–2; 127 Stat. 25) shall be transferred to ‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil, Construction’’, to remain available until expended, to rehabilitate, repair and construct Corps of Engineers projects: Provided, That those projects may only include construction expenses, including cost sharing, as described under the heading ‘‘Corps of Engineers—Civil, Construction’’ in title X of that Act or other construction expenses related to the consequences of Hurricane Sandy: Provided further, That amounts transferred pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision. TITLE V INDEPENDENT AGENCIES GENERAL SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
FEDERAL BUILDINGS FUND  For an additional amount to be deposited in the ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’, $126,951,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, and Irma for repair and alteration of buildings under the custody and control of the Administrator of General Services, and real property management and related activities not otherwise provided for: Provided, That funds may be used to reimburse the ‘‘Federal Buildings Fund’’ for obligations incurred for this purpose prior to enactment of this subdivision: Provided further, That not more than $15,000,000 shall be available for tenant improvements in damaged U.S. courthouses: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION  
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Disaster Loans Program Account’’ for the cost of direct loans authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act, $1,652,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That up to $618,000,000 may be transferred to and merged with ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for administrative expenses to carry out the disaster loan program authorized by section 7(b) of the Small Business Act: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading may be used for indirect administrative expenses: Provided further, That the amount provided under this heading is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE VI DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT, OPERATIONS, INTELLIGENCE, AND OVERSIGHT OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $25,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for audits and investigations of activities funded by this title: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SECURITY, ENFORCEMENT, AND INVESTIGATIONS U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $104,494,000, to remain available 
until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That not more than $39,400,000 may be used to carry out U.S. Customs and Border Protection activities in fiscal year 2018 in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including for the reconstruction of facilities affected, $45,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That funds are provided to carry out U.S. Customs and Border Protection activities in Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands, in addition to any other amounts available for such purposes. U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $30,905,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $33,052,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TRANSPORTATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $10,322,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COAST GUARD  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $112,136,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Compliance and Restoration’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $4,038,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ACQUISITION , CONSTRUCTION , AND IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for Acquisition, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, Maria, and Matthew, $718,919,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivision, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROTECTION, PREPAREDNESS, RESPONSE, AND RECOVERY FEDERAL EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT AGENCY  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $58,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $1,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
DISASTER RELIEF FUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Disaster Relief Fund’’ for major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $23,500,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency shall publish on the Agency’s website not later than 5 days after an award of a public assistance grant under section 406 or 428 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172 or 5189f) that is in excess of $1,000,000, the specifics of each such grant award: Provided further, That for any mission assignment or mission assignment task order to another Federal department or agency regarding a major disaster in excess of $1,000,000, not later than 5 days after the issuance of such mission assignment or mission assignment task order, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the following: the name of the impacted State, the disaster declaration for such State, the assigned agency, the assistance requested, a description of the disaster, the total cost estimate, and the amount obligated: Provided further, That not later than 10 days after the last day of each month until a mission assignment or mission assignment task order described in the preceding proviso is completed and closed out, the Administrator shall update any changes to the total cost estimate and the amount obligated: Provided further, That for a disaster declaration related to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, or Maria, the Administrator shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, not later than 5 days after the first day of each month beginning after the date of enactment of this subdivision, and shall publish on the Agency’s website, not later than 10 days after the first day of each such month, an estimate or actual amount, if available, for the current fiscal year of the cost of the following categories of spending: public assistance, individual assistance, operations, mitigation, administrative, and any other relevant category (including emergency measures and disaster resources): Provided, further, That not later than 10 days after the first day of each month, the Administrator shall publish on the Agency’s website the report (referred to as the Disaster Relief Monthly Report) as required by Public Law 114–4: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading for the Disaster Relief Fund, up to $150,000,000 shall be transferred to the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program Account for the cost to lend a territory or possession of the United States that portion of assistance for which the territory or possession is responsible under the costsharing provisions of the major disaster declaration for Hurricanes Irma or Maria, as authorized under section 319 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5162): Provided further, That of the amount provided under this paragraph for transfer, up to $1,000,000 may be transferred to the Disaster Assistance Direct Loan Program Account for administrative expenses to carry out the Advance of NonFederal Share program, as authorized by section 319 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5162): Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TRAINING, AND SERVICES FEDERAL LAWENFORCEMENT TRAINING CENTERS  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $5,374,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 20601. The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency may provide assistance, pursuant to section 428 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), for critical services as defined in section 406 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act for the duration of the recovery for incidents DR–4336–PR, DR–4339–PR, DR–4340– USVI, and DR–4335–USVI to— (1) replace or restore the function of a facility or system to industry standards without regard to the predisaster condition of the facility or system; and (2) replace or restore components of the facility or system not damaged by the disaster where necessary to fully effectuate the replacement or restoration of disasterdamaged components to restore the function of the facility or system to industry standards. SEC. 20602. Notwithstanding section 404 or 420 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c and 8187), for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, the President shall provide hazard mitigation assistance 
in accordance with such section 404 in any area in which assistance was provided under such section 420. SEC. 20603. The third proviso of the second paragraph in title I of Public Law 115–72 under the heading ‘‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’’ shall be amended by striking ‘‘180 days’’ and inserting ‘‘365 days’’: Provided, That amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 20604. (a) D EFINITION OF PRIVATE NONPROFIT FACILITY .—Section 102(11)(B) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5122(11)(B)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘private nonprofit facility’ means private nonprofit educational (without regard to the religious character of the facility), utility, irrigation, emergency, medical, rehabilitational, and temporary or permanent custodial care facilities (including those for the aged and disabled) and facilities on Indian reservations, as defined by the President. ‘‘(B) ADDITIONAL FACILITIES .—In addition to the facilities described in subparagraph (A), the term ‘private nonprofit facility’ includes any private nonprofit facility that provides essential social services to the general public (including museums, zoos, performing arts facilities, community arts centers, community centers, libraries, homeless shelters, senior citizen centers, rehabilitation facilities, shelter workshops, broadcasting facilities, houses of worship, and facilities that provide health and safety services of a governmental nature), as defined by the President. No house of worship may be excluded from this definition because leadership or membership in the organization operating the house of worship is limited to persons who share a religious faith or practice.’’. (b) REPAIR , RESTORATION , ANDREPLACEMENT  
OFDAMAGED FACILITIES .—Section 406(a)(3) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) RELIGIOUS FACILITIES .—A church, synagogue, mosque, temple, or other house of worship, educational facility, or any other private nonprofit facility, shall be eligible for contributions under paragraph (1)(B), without regard to the religious character of the facility or the primary religious use of the facility. No house of worship, educational facility, or any other private nonprofit facility may be excluded from receiving contributions under paragraph (1)(B) because leadership or membership in the organization operating the house of worship is limited to persons who share a religious faith or practice.’’. (c) APPLICABILITY .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall apply— (1) to the provision of assistance in response to a major disaster or emergency declared on or after August 23, 2017; or (2) with respect to— (A) any application for assistance that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, is pending before Federal Emergency Management Agency; and (B) any application for assistance that has been denied, where a challenge to that denial is not yet finally resolved as of the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 20605. (a) The Federal share of assistance, including direct Federal assistance, provided under section 407 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5173), with respect to a major disaster declared pursuant to such Act for damages resulting from a wildfire in calendar year 2017, shall be 90 percent of the eligible costs under such section. (b) The Federal share provided by subsection (a) shall apply to assistance provided before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. FEDERAL COST SHARE ADJUSTMENTS FOR REPAIR , 
FACILITIES  SEC. 20606. Section 406(b) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5172(b)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) INCREASED FEDERAL SHARE .— ‘‘(A) INCENTIVE MEASURES .—The President may provide incentives to a State or Tribal government to invest in measures that increase readiness for, and resilience from, a major disaster by recognizing such investments through a sliding scale that increases the minimum Federal share to 85 percent. Such measures may include— ‘‘(i) the adoption of a mitigation plan approved under section 322; ‘‘(ii) investments in disaster relief, insurance, and emergency management programs; ‘‘(iii) encouraging the adoption and enforcement of the latest published editions of relevant consensusbased codes, specifications, and standards that incorporate the latest hazardresistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and facilities that may be eligible for assistance under this Act for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters; ‘‘(iv) facilitating participation in the community rating system; and ‘‘(v) funding mitigation projects or granting tax incentives for projects that reduce risk. ‘‘(B) COMPREHENSIVE GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the President, acting through the Administrator, shall issue comprehensive guidance to State and Tribal governments regarding the measures and investments, weighted appropriately based on actuarial assessments of eligible actions, that will be recognized for the purpose of increasing the Federal share under this section. Guidance shall ensure that the agency’s review of eligible measures and investments does not unduly delay determining the appropriate Federal cost share. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—One year after the issuance of the guidance required by subparagraph (B), the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report regarding the analysis of the Federal cost shares paid under this section. ‘‘(D) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this paragraph prevents the President from increasing the Federal cost share above 85 percent.’’. SEC. 20607. Division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, is amended by inserting the following at the end of Title V: ‘‘SEC. 545. (a) P REMIUM PAYAUTHORITY .— During calendar year 2017, any premium pay that is funded, either directly or through reimbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ shall be exempted from the aggregate of basic pay and premium pay calculated under section 5547(a) of title 5, United States Code, and any other provision of law limiting the aggregate amount of premium pay payable on a biweekly or calendar year basis. ‘‘(b) OVERTIME AUTHORITY .—During calendar year 2017, any overtime that is funded, either directly or through reimbursement, by the ‘Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’ shall be exempted from any annual limit on the amount of overtime payable in a calendar or fiscal year. ‘‘(c) APPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA TION ON PAY.—In determining whether an employee’s pay exceeds the applicable annual rate of basic pay payable under section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, the head of an Executive agency shall not include pay exempted under this section. ‘‘(d) LIMITATION OF PAYAUTHORITY .—Pay ex empted from otherwise applicable limits under subsection (a) shall not cause the aggregate pay earned for the calendar year in which the exempted pay is earned to exceed the rate of basic pay payable for a position at level II of the Executive Schedule under section 5313 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect as if enacted on December 31, 2016.’’. TITLE VII DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $210,629,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Historic Preservation Fund’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, including costs to States and territories necessary to complete compliance activities required by section 306108 of title 54, United States Code (formerly section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act) and costs needed to administer the program: Provided, That grants shall only be available for areas that have received a major disaster declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further, That individual grants shall not be subject to a nonFederal matching requirement: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $207,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For an additional amount for ‘‘Surveys, Investigations, and Research’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and in those areas impacted by a major disaster declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) with respect to wildfires in 2017, $42,246,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  INSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Technical Assistance’’ for financial management expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Irma 
and Maria, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $2,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE SUPERFUND  For an additional amount for ‘‘Hazardous Substance Superfund’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $6,200,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FUND PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Fund’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $7,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
STATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria for the hazardous waste financial assistance grants program and for other solid waste management activities, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That none of these funds allocated within Region 2 shall be subject to cost share requirements under section 3011(b) of the Solid Waste Disposal Act: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION —ENVIRONMENTAL  PROTECTION AGENCY  Of amounts previously appropriated for capitalization grants for the State Revolving Funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act to a State or territory included as part of a disaster declaration related to Hurricanes Irma and Maria, all existing grant funds that are available but not drawn down shall not be subject to the matching or cost share requirements of sections 602(b)(2), 602(b)(3) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act nor the matching requirements of section 1452(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act and shall be awarded to such state or territory: Provided, That, notwithstanding the requirements of section 603(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or section 1452(f) of the Safe Drinking Water Act, the state or territory shall utilize the full amount of such funds, excluding existing loans, to provide additional subsidization to eligible recipients in the form of forgiveness of principal, negative interest loans or grants or any combination of these: Provided further, That such funds may be used for eligible projects whose purpose is to repair damage incurred as a result of Hurricanes Irma and Maria, reduce flood damage risk and vulnerability or to enhance resiliency to rapid hydrologic change or a natural disaster at treatment works as defined by section 212 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act or a public drinking water system under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act: Provided further, That any project involving the repair or replacement of a lead service line shall replace the entire lead service line, not just a portion. RELATED AGENCIES DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOREST SERVICE  
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For an additional amount for ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $7,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Forest System’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, $20,652,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Capital Improvement and Maintenance’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and the 2017 fire season, $91,600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE SEC. 20701. Agencies receiving funds appropriated by this title shall each provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds by account, beginning not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act. TITLE VIII DEPARTMENT OF LABOR EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Training and Employment Services’’, $100,000,000, for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve for necessary expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Maria, and Irma and those jurisdictions that received a major disaster declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) due to wildfires in 2017, which shall be available from the date of enactment of this subdivision through September 30, 2019: Provided, That the Secretary of Labor may transfer up to $2,500,000 of such funds to any other Department of Labor account for reconstruction and recovery needs, including worker protection activities: Provided further, That these sums may be used to replace grant funds previously obligated to the impacted areas: Provided further, That of the amount provided, up to $500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be transferred to ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’for oversight of activities responding to such hurricanes and wildfires: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. JOB CORPS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Job Corps’’ for construction, rehabilitation and acquisition for Job Corps Centers in Puerto Rico, $30,900,000, which shall be available upon the date of enactment of this subdivision and remain available for obligation through June 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF LABOR  
ISLANDS  SEC. 20801. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the interest payment of the Virgin Islands that was due under section 1202(b)(1) of the Social Security Act on September 29, 2017, shall not be due until September 28, 2018, and no interest shall accrue on such amount through September 28, 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FLEXIBILITY IN USE OF FUNDS UNDER WIOA  SEC. 20802. (a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 133(b)(4) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, in States, as defined by section 3(56) of such Act, affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, a local board, as defined by section 3(33) of such Act, in a local area, as defined by section 3(32) of such Act, affected by such Hurricanes may transfer, if such transfer is approved by the Governor, up to 100 percent of the funds allocated to the local area for Program Years 2016 and 2017 for Youth Workforce Investment activities under paragraphs (2) or (3) of section 128(b) of such Act, for Adult employment and training activities under paragraphs (2)(A) or (3) of section 133(b) of such Act, or for Dislocated Worker employment and training activities under paragraph (2)(B) of section 133(b) of such Act among— (1) adult employment and training activities; (2) dislocated worker employment and training activities; and (3) youth workforce investment activities. (b) THEVIRGIN ISLANDS .—Except for the funds reserved to carry out required statewide activities under sections 127(b) and 134(a)(2) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act, the Governor of the Virgin Islands may authorize the transfer of up to 100 percent of the remaining funds provided to the Virgin Islands for Program Years 2016 and 2017 for Youth Workforce Investment activities under section 127(b)(1)(B) of such Act, for Adult employment and training activities under section 132(b)(1)(A) of such Act, or for Dislocated Worker employment and training activities under section 133(b)(2)(A) of such Act among— (1) adult employment and training activities; (2) dislocated worker employment and training activities; and (3) youth workforce investment activities. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  PREVENTION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘CDCWide Activities and Program Support’’, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for response, recovery, preparation, mitigation, and other expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated by this paragraph: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $6,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’ account for the purposes provided herein: Provided further, That 
such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR  For an additional amount for fiscal year 2018 for ‘‘Office of the Director’’, $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for response, recovery, and other expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That obligations incurred for these purposes prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated by this paragraph: Provided further, That funds appropriated by this paragraph may be used for construction grants or contracts under section 404I of the Public Health Service Act without regard to section 404I(c)(2): Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Children and Families Services Programs’’, $650,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for Head Start programs, for necessary expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be included in the calculation of the ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is defined in sections 640(a)(7)(A), 641A(h)(1)(B), or 645(d)(3) of the Head Start Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph are not subject to the allocation requirements of section 640(a) of the Head Start Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph shall not be available for costs that are reimbursed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, under a contract for insurance, or by selfinsurance: Provided further, That up to $12,500,000 shall be available for Federal administrative expenses: Provided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $162,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for response, recovery, preparation, mitigation and other expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including activities authorized under section 319(a) of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this subdivision as the ‘‘PHS Act’’): Provided, That of the amount provided, $60,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administration—Primary Health Care’’, for expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria for disaster response and recovery, for the Health Centers Program under section 330 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That not less than $50,000,000, of amounts transferred under the preceding proviso, shall be available for alteration, renovation, construction, equipment, and other capital improvement costs as necessary to meet the needs of areas affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided further, That the time limitation in section 330(e)(3) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $20,000,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration—Health Surveillance and Program Support’’ for grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for behavioral health treatment, crisis counseling, and other related helplines, and for other similar programs to provide support to individuals impacted by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided further, That of the amount provided, up to $2,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary— Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of activities responding to such hurricanes: Provided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph shall not be available for costs that are reimbursed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, under a contract for insurance, or by selfinsurance: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION —DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH  
EMERGENCY RESPONSE POSITIONS  SEC. 20803. (a) I NGENERAL .—As the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines necessary to respond to a critical hiring need for emergency response positions, after providing public notice and without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3319 of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary may appoint candidates directly to the following positions, consistent with subsection (b), to perform critical work directly relating to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: (1) Intermittent disasterresponse personnel in the National Disaster Medical System, under section 2812 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11). (2) Term or temporary related positions in the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. (b) EXPIRATION .—The authority under subsection (a) shall expire 270 days after the date of enactment of this section. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION HURRICANE EDUCATION RECOVERY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Hurricane Education Recovery’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, or wildfires in 2017 for which a major disaster or emergency has been declared under sections 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5190) (referred to under this heading as ‘‘covered disaster or emergency’’), $2,700,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022, for assisting in meeting the educational needs of individuals affected by a covered disaster or emergency: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That— (1) such funds shall be used— (A) to make awards to eligible entities for immediate aid to restart school operations, in accordance with paragraph (2); (B) for temporary emergency impact aid for displaced students, in accordance with paragraph (2); (C) for emergency assistance to institutions of higher education and students attending institutions of higher education in an area directly affected by a covered disaster or emergency in accordance with paragraph (3); (D) for payments to institutions of higher education to help defray the unexpected expenses associated with enrolling displaced students from institutions of higher education directly affected by a covered disaster or emergency, in accordance with paragraph (4); and (E) to provide assistance to local educational agencies serving homeless children and youth in accordance with paragraph (5); (2) immediate aid to restart school operations and temporary emergency impact aid for displaced students described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) shall be provided under the statutory terms and conditions that applied to assistance under sections 102 and 107 of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, respectively, except that such sections shall be applied so that— (A) each reference to a major disaster declared in accordance with section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) shall be to a major disaster or emergency declared by the President in accordance with section 401 or 501, respectively, of such Act; (B) each reference to Hurricane Katrina or Hurricane Rita shall be a reference to a covered disaster or emergency; (C) each reference to August 22, 2005 shall be to the date that is one week prior to the date that the major disaster or emergency was declared for the area; (D) each reference to the States of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, and Texas shall be to the States or territories affected by a covered disaster or emergency, and each reference to the State educational agencies of Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama, or Texas shall be a reference to the State educational agencies that serve the states or territories affected by a covered disaster or emergency; (E) each reference to the 2005–2006 school year shall be to the 2017–2018 school year; (F) the references in section 102(h)(1) of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148 to the number of nonpublic and public elementary schools and secondary schools in the State shall be to the number of students in nonpublic and public elementary schools and secondary schools in the State, and the reference in such section to the National Center for Data Statistics Common Core of Data for the 2003–2004 school year shall be to the most recent and appropriate data set for the 2016–2017 school year; (G) in determining the amount of immediate aid provided to restart school operations as described in section 102(b) of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, the Secretary shall consider the number of students enrolled, during the 2016–2017 school year, in elementary schools and secondary schools that were closed as a result of a covered disaster or emergency; (H) in determining the amount of emergency impact aid that a State educational agency is eligible to receive under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall, subject to section 107(d)(1)(B) of such title, provide— (i) $9,000 for each displaced student who is an English learner, as that term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801); (ii) $10,000 for each displaced student who is a child with a disability (regardless of whether the child is an English learner); and (iii) $8,500 for each displaced student who is not a child with a disability or an English learner; (I) with respect to the emergency impact aid provided under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may modify the State educational agency and local educational agency application timelines in section 107(c) of such title; and (J) each reference to a public elementary school may include, as determined by the local educational agency, a publiclyfunded preschool 
program that enrolls children below the age of kindergarten entry and is part of an elementary school; (3) $100,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be for programs authorized under subpart 3 of Part A, part C of title IV and part B of title VII of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087–51 et seq., 1138 et seq.) for institutions located in an area affected by a covered disaster or emergency, and students enrolled in such institutions, except that— (A) any requirements relating to matching, Federal share, reservation of funds, or maintenance of effort under such parts that would otherwise be applicable to that assistance shall not apply; (B) such assistance may be used for student financial assistance; (C) such assistance may also be used for faculty and staff salaries, equipment, student supplies and instruments, or any purpose authorized under the Higher Education Act of 1965, by institutions of higher education that are located in areas affected by a covered disaster or emergency; and (D) the Secretary shall prioritize, to the extent possible, students who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless as a result of displacement, and institutions that have sustained extensive damage, by a covered disaster or emergency; (4) up to $75,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be for payments to institutions of higher education to help defray the unexpected expenses associated with enrolling displaced students from institutions of higher education at which operations have been disrupted by a covered disaster or emergency, in accordance with criteria established by the Secretary and made publicly available; (5) $25,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance to local educational agencies serving homeless children and youths displaced by a covered disaster or emergency, consistent with section 723 of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11431–11435) and with section 106 of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148, except that funds shall be disbursed based on demonstrated need and the number of homeless children and youth enrolled as a result of displacement by a covered disaster or emergency; (6) section 437 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232) and section 553 of title 5, United States Code, shall not apply to activities under this heading; (7) $4,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading, to remain available until expended, shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education for oversight of activities supported with funds appropriated under this heading, and up to $3,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be for program administration; (8) up to $35,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be to carry out activities authorized under section 4631(b) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7281(b)): Provided, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this subdivision may be charged to funds appropriated under this paragraph; (9) the Secretary may waive, modify, or provide extensions for certain requirements of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.) for affected individuals, affected students, and affected institutions in covered disaster or emergency areas in the same manner as the Secretary was authorized to waive, modify, or provide extensions for certain requirements of such Act under provisions of subtitle B of title IV of division B of Public Law 109–148 for affected individuals, affected students, and affected institutions in areas affected by Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, except that the cost associated with any action taken by the Secretary under this paragraph is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985; and (10) if any provision under this heading or application of such provision to any person or circumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the remainder of the provisions under this heading and the application of such provisions to any person or circumstance shall not be affected thereby. GENERAL PROVISION —DEPARTMENT OF  EDUCATION  SEC. 20804. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Education is hereby authorized to forgive any outstanding balance owed to the Department of Education under the HBCU Hurricane Supplemental Loan program established pursuant to section 2601 of Public Law 109–234, as modified by section 307 of title III of division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74), as carried forward by the Continuing Appropriations Resolution, 2013 (Public Law 112–175). (b) There are authorized to be appropriated, and there are hereby appropriated, such sums as may be necessary to carry out subsection (a): Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balance Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 20805. Funds appropriated to the Department of Health and Human Services by this title may be transferred to, and merged with, other appropriation accounts under the headings ‘‘Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’’ and ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’ for the purposes specified in this title following consultation with the Office of Management and Budget: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations in the House of Representatives and the Senate shall be notified 10 days in advance of any such transfer: Provided further, That, upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this title may be transferred pursuant to the authority in section 205 of division H of Public Law 115–31 or section 241(a) of the PHS Act. SEC. 20806. Not later than 30 days after enactment of this subdivision, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until all funds are expended or expire. SEC. 20807. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appropriated by this title to appropriations accounts shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for fiscal year 2018. TITLE IX LEGISLATIVE BRANCH GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations relating to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria and the 2017 wildfires: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE X DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $201,636,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That none of the funds made available to the Navy and Marine Corps for recovery efforts related to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria in this subdivision shall be available for obligation until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate receive form 1391 for each specific request: Provided further, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivision, the Secretary of the Navy, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such funds may be obligated or expended for planning and design and military construction projects not otherwise authorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $519,345,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That none of the funds made available to the Army National Guard for recovery efforts related to Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria in this subdivision shall be available for obligation until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate receive form 1391 for each specific request: Provided further, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this subdivision, the Director of the Army National Guard, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such funds may be obligated or expended for planning and design and military construction projects not otherwise authorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Services’’, $11,075,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, $3,209,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, $75,108,000, to remain available until 
September 30, 2022, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That none of these funds shall be available for obligation until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’, $4,088,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE SEC. 21001. Notwithstanding section 18236(b) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall contribute to Puerto Rico, 100 percent of the total cost of construction (including the cost of architectural, engineering and design services) for the acquisition, construction, expansion, rehabilitation, or conversion of the Arroyo readiness center under paragraph (5) of section 18233(a) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE XI DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations’’, $35,000,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and other hurricanes occurring in calendar year 2017: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Facilities and Equipment’’, $79,589,000, to be derived from the Airport and Airway Trust Fund and to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and other hurricanes occurring in calendar year 2017: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
EMERGENCY RELIEF PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Emergency Relief Program’’ as authorized under section 125 of title 23, United States Code, $1,374,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding section 125(d)(4) of title 23, United States Code, no limitation on the total obligations for projects under section 125 of such title shall apply to the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That notwithstanding subsection (e) of section 120 of title 23, United States Code, for this fiscal year and hereafter, the Federal share for Emergency Relief funds made available under section 125 of such title to respond to damage caused by Hurricanes Irma and Maria, shall be 100 percent for Puerto Rico: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Public Transportation Emergency Relief Program’’ as authorized under section 5324 of title 49, United States Code, $330,000,000 to remain available until expended, for transit systems affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria with major disaster declarations in 2017: Provided, That not more than threequarters of one percent of the funds for public transportation emergency relief shall be available for administrative expenses and ongoing program management oversight as authorized under sections 5334 and 5338(f)(2) of such title and shall be in addition to any other appropriations for such purpose: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS AND TRAINING  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Training’’, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses, including for dredging, related to damage to Maritime Administration facilities resulting from Hurricane Harvey: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION —DEPARTMENT OF  TRANSPORTATION  SEC. 21101. Notwithstanding 49 U.S.C. 5302, for fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020 the Secretary of Transportation shall treat an area as an ‘‘urbanized area’’ for purposes of 49 U.S.C. 5307 and 5336(a) until the next decennial census following the enactment of this Act if the area was defined and designated as an ‘‘urbanized’’ area by the Secretary of Commerce in the 2000 decennial census and the population of such area fell below 50,000 after the 2000 decennial census as a result of a major disaster: Provided, That an area treated as an ‘‘urbanized area’’ for purposes of this section shall be assigned the population and square miles of the urbanized area designated by the Secretary of Commerce in the 2000 decennial census: Provided further, That the term ‘‘major disaster’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(2) of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5122(2)). DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Community Development Fund’’, $28,000,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, longterm recovery, restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major declared disaster that occurred in 2017 (except as otherwise provided under this heading) pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded directly to the State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974) at the discretion of the Secretary: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $16,000,000,000 shall be allocated to meet unmet needs for grantees that have received or will receive allocations under this heading for major declared disasters that occurred in 2017 or under the same heading of Division B of Public Law 115–56, except that, of the amounts made available under this proviso, no less than $11,000,000,000 shall be allocated to the States and units of local government affected by Hurricane Maria, and of such amounts allocated to such grantees affected by Hurricane Maria, $2,000,000,000 shall be used to provide enhanced or improved electrical power systems: Provided further, That to the extent amounts under the previous proviso are insufficient to meet all unmet needs, the allocation amounts related to infrastructure shall be reduced proportionally based on the total infrastructure needs of all grantees: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, no less than $12,000,000,000 shall be allocated for mitigation activities to all grantees of funding provided under this heading, section 420 of division L of Public Law 114–113, section 145 of division C of Public Law 114–223, section 192 of division C of Public Law 114–223 (as added by section 101(3) of division A of Public Law 114–254), section 421 of division K of Public Law 115–31, and the same heading in division B of Public Law 115– 56, and that such mitigation activities shall be subject to the same terms and conditions under this subdivision, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That all such grantees shall receive an allocation of funds under the preceding proviso in the same proportion that the amount of funds each grantee received or will receive under the second proviso of this heading or the headings and sections specified in the previous proviso bears to the amount of all funds provided to all grantees specified in the previous proviso: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under the second and fourth provisos of this heading, the Secretary shall allocate to all such grantees an aggregate amount not less than 33 percent of each such amounts of funds provided under this heading within 60 days after the enactment of this subdivision based on the best available data (especially with respect to data for all such grantees affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria), and shall allocate no less than 100 percent of the funds provided under this heading by no later than December 1, 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not prohibit the use of funds made available under this heading and the same heading in division B of Public Law 115–56 for nonfederal share as authorized by section 105(a)(9) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5305(a)(9)): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, grantees may establish grant programs to assist small businesses for working capital purposes to aid in recovery: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place proficient financial controls and procurement processes and has established adequate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to ensure timely expenditure of funds, to maintain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities assisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Provided further, That with respect to any such duplication of benefits, the Secretary and any grantee under this section shall not take into consideration or reduce the amount provided to any applicant for assistance from the grantee where such applicant applied for and was approved, but declined assistance related to such major declared disasters that occurred in 2014, 2015, 2016, and 2017 from the Small Business Administration under section 7(b) of the Small 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)): Provided further, That the Secretary shall require grantees to maintain on a public website information containing common reporting criteria established by the Department that permits individuals and entities awaiting assistance and the general public to see how all grant funds are used, including copies of all relevant procurement documents, grantee administrative contracts and details of ongoing procurement processes, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That prior to the obligation of funds a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval detailing the proposed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address longterm recovery and restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities reimbursable by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers: Provided further, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the nondisaster formula allocations made pursuant to section 106 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Provided further, That a State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe may use up to 5 percent of its allocation for administrative costs: Provided further, That the sixth proviso under this heading in the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 115–56) is amended by striking ‘‘State or subdivision thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302))’’: Provided further, That in administering the funds under this heading, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for, any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the obligation by the Secretary or the use by the recipient of these funds (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), if the Secretary finds that good cause exists for the waiver or alternative requirement and such waiver or alternative requirement would not be inconsistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the preceding proviso, recipients of funds provided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, 408(c)(4), or 502 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without review or public comment, any environmental review, approval, or permit performed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall satisfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, approval or permit: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon receipt of a request for release of funds and certification, immediately approve the release of funds for an activity or project assisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an environmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Register any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative requirement: Provided further, That the eighth proviso under this heading in the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (division B of Public Law 115–56) is amended by inserting ‘‘408(c)(4),’’ after ‘‘407,’’: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $15,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building and technical assistance, including assistance on contracting and procurement processes, to support States, units of general local government, or Indian tribes (and their subrecipients) that receive allocations pursuant to this heading, received disaster recovery allocations under the same heading in Public Law 115–56, or may receive similar allocations for disaster recovery in future appropriations Acts: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $10,000,000 shall be transferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Program Office Salaries and Expenses— Community Planning and Development’’ for necessary costs, including information technology costs, of administering and overseeing the obligation and expenditure of amounts under this heading: Provided further, That the amount specified in the preceding proviso shall be combined with funds appropriated under the same heading and for the same purpose in Public Law 115–56 and the aggregate of such amounts shall be available for any of the purposes specified under this heading or the same heading in Public Law 115–56 without limitation: Provided further, That, of the funds made available under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General for necessary costs of overseeing and auditing funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS —DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING  
ANDURBAN DEVELOPMENT  SEC. 21102. Any funds made available under the heading ‘‘Community Development Fund’’ under this subdivision that remain available, after the other funds under such heading have been allocated for necessary expenses for activities authorized under such heading, shall be used for additional mitigation activities in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major declared disaster that occurred in 2014, 2015, 2016 or 2017: Provided, That such remaining funds shall be awarded to grantees of funding provided for disaster relief under the heading ‘‘Community Development Fund’’ in this subdivision, section 420 of division L of Public Law 114–113, section 145 of division C of Public Law 114–223, section 192 of division C of Public Law 114–223 (as added by section 101(3) of division A of Public Law 114–254), section 421 of division K of Public Law 115–31, and the same heading in division B of Public Law 115– 56 subject to the same terms and conditions under this subdivision and such Acts respectively: Provided further, That each such grantee shall receive an allocation from such remaining funds in the same proportion that the amount of funds such grantee received under this subdivision and under the Acts specified in the previous proviso bears to the amount of all funds provided to all grantees specified in the previous proviso. SEC. 21103. For 2018, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may make temporary adjustments to the section 8 housing choice voucher annual renewal funding allocations and administrative fee eligibility determinations for public housing agencies located in the most impacted and distressed areas in which a major Presidentially declared disaster occurred during 2017 under title IV of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 et seq.), to avoid significant adverse funding impacts that would otherwise result from the disaster, or to facilitate leasing up to a public housing agency’s authorized level of units under contract (but not to exceed such level), upon request by and in consultation with a public housing agency and supported by documentation as required by the Secretary that demonstrates the need for the adjustment. TITLE XII GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS SUBDIVISION SEC. 21201. Each amount appropriated or made available by this subdivision is in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated for the fiscal year involved. SEC. 21202. No part of any appropriation contained in this subdivision shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 21203. Unless otherwise provided for by this subdivision, the additional amounts appropriated by this subdivision to appropriations accounts shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for fiscal year 2018. SEC. 21204. Each amount designated in this subdivision by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded or transferred, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. SEC. 21205. For purposes of this subdivision, the consequences or impacts of any hurricane shall include damages caused by the storm at any time during the entirety of its duration as a cyclone, as defined by the National Hurricane Center. SEC. 21206. Any amount appropriated by this subdivision, designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and subsequently so designated by the President, and transferred pursuant to transfer authorities provided by this subdivision shall retain such designation. SEC. 21207. The terms and conditions applicable to the funds provided in this subdivision, including those provided by this title, shall also apply to the funds made available in division B of Public Law 115–56 and in division A of Public Law 115–72. SEC. 21208. (a) Section 305 of division A of the Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–72) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘(1) Not later than December 31, 2017,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than March 31, 2018,’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘receiving funds under this division’’ and inserting ‘‘expending more than $10,000,000 of funds provided by this division and division B of Public Law 115–56 in any one fiscal year’’. (b) Section 305 of division A of the Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–72), as amended by this section, shall apply to funds appropriated by this division as if they had been appropriated by that division. (c) In order to proactively prepare for oversight of future disaster relief funding, not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall issue standard guidance for Federal agencies to use in designing internal control plans for disaster relief funding. This 
guidance shall leverage existing internal control review processes and shall include, at a minimum, the following elements: (1) Robust criteria for identifying and documenting incremental risks and mitigating controls related to the funding. (2) Guidance for documenting the linkage between the incremental risks related to disaster funding and efforts to address known internal control risks. SEC. 21209. Any agency or department provided funding in excess of $3,000,000,000 by this subdivision, including the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the Corps of Engineers, is directed to provide a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate regarding its efforts to provide adequate resources and technical assistance for small, lowincome communities affected by natural disasters. SEC. 21210. (a) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subdivision and in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, with support and contributions from the Secretary of the Treasury, the Secretary of Energy, and other Federal agencies having responsibilities defined under the National Disaster Recovery Framework, the Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico shall submit to Congress a report describing the Commonwealth’s 12 and 24 month economic and disaster recovery plan that— (1) defines the priorities, goals, and expected outcomes of the recovery effort for the Commonwealth, based on damage assessments prepared pursuant to Federal law, if applicable, including— (A) housing; (B) economic issues, including workforce development and industry expansion and cultivation; (C) health and social services; (D) natural and cultural resources; (E) governance and civic institutions; (F) electric power systems and grid restoration; (G) environmental issues, including solid waste facilities; and (H) other infrastructure systems, including repair, restoration, replacement, and improvement of public infrastructure such water and wastewater treatment facilities, communications networks, and transportation infrastructure; (2) is consistent with— (A) the Commonwealth’s fiscal capacity to provide longterm operation and maintenance of rebuilt or replaced assets; (B) alternative procedures and associated programmatic guidance adopted by the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency pursuant to section 428 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5189f); and (C) actions as may be necessary to mitigate vulnerabilities to future extreme weather events and natural disasters and increase community resilience, including encouraging the adoption and enforcement of the latest published editions of relevant consensusbased codes, specifications, and standards that incorporate the latest hazardresistant designs and establish minimum acceptable criteria for the design, construction, and maintenance of residential structures and facilities for the purpose of protecting the health, safety, and general welfare of the buildings’ users against disasters; (3) promotes transparency and accountability through appropriate public notification, outreach, and hearings; (4) identifies performance metrics for assessing and reporting on the progress toward achieving the Commonwealth’s recovery goals, as identified under paragraph (1); (5) is developed in coordination with the Oversight Board established under PROMESA; and (6) is certified by that Oversight Board to be consistent with the purpose set forth in section 101(a) of PROMESA (48 U.S.C. 2121(a)). (b) At the end of every 30day period before the submission of the report described in subsection (a), the Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall provide to Congress interim status updates on progress developing such report. (c) At the end of every 180day period after the submission of the report described in subsection (a), the Governor of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, shall make public a report on progress achieving the goals set forth in such report. (d) During the development, and after the submission, of the report required in subsection (a), the Oversight Board may provide to Congress reports on the status of coordination with the Governor of Puerto Rico. (e) Amounts made available by this subdivision to a covered territory for response to or recovery from Hurricane Irma or Hurricane Maria in an aggregate amount greater than $10,000,000 may be reviewed by the Oversight Board under the Oversight Board’s authority under 204(b)(2) of PROMESA (48 U.S.C. 2144(b)(2)). (f) When developing a Fiscal Plan while the recovery plan required under subsection (a) is in development and in effect, the Oversight Board shall use and incorporate, to the greatest extent feasible, damage assessments prepared pursuant to Federal law. (g) For purposes of this section, the terms ‘‘covered territory’’ and ‘‘Oversight Board’’ have the meaning given those term in section 5 of PROMESA (48 U.S.C. 2104). This subdivision may be cited as the ‘‘Further Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018’’. SUBDIVISION 2—TAX RELIEF AND MEDICAID CHANGES RELATING TO CERTAIN DISASTERS TITLE I—CALIFORNIA FIRES 
For purposes of this title— (1) CALIFORNIA WILDFIRE DISASTER ZONE .— The term ‘‘California wildfire disaster zone’’ means that portion of the California wildfire disaster area determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assistance from the Federal Government under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of wildfires in California. (2) CALIFORNIA WILDFIRE DISASTER AREA .— The term ‘‘California wildfire disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which between January 1, 2017 through January 18, 2018 a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of such Act by reason of wildfires in California. 
SEC. 20102. SPECIAL DISASTERRELATED RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT FUNDS. 
(a) T AXFAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RETIREMENT PLANS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified wildfire distribution. (2) AGGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the aggregate amount of distributions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified wildfire distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (i) $100,000, over (ii) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified wildfire distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (B) TREATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (without regard to subparagraph (A)) be a qualified wildfire distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any requirement of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 merely because the plan treats such distribution as a qualified wildfire distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (C) CONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) AMOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Any individual who receives a qualified wildfire distribution may, at any time during the 3year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligible retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (B) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DISTRIBU TIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS OTHER  
THAN IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to a qualified wildfire distribution from an eligible retirement plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having received the qualified wildfire distribution in an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of such Code) and as having transferred the amount to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (C) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DISTRIBU TIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to a qualified wildfire distribution from an individual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of such Code), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified wildfire distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (4) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— (A) QUALIFIED WILDFIRE DISTRIBUTION .—Ex cept as provided in paragraph (2), the term ‘‘qualified wildfire distribution’’ means any distribution from an eligible retirement plan made on or after October 8, 2017, and before January 1, 2019, to an individual whose principal place of abode during any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, is located in the California wildfire disaster area and who has sustained an economic loss by reason of the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (B) ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (5) INCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 YEAR PE RIOD.— (A) IN GENERAL .—In the case of any qualified wildfire distribution, unless the taxpayer elects not to have this paragraph apply for any taxable year, any amount required to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included ratably over the 3taxableyear period beginning with such taxable year. (B) SPECIAL RULE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall apply. (6) SPECIAL RULES .— (A) EXEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 
401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, qualified wildfire distributions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (B) QUALIFIED WILDFIRE DISTRIBUTIONS  
TREATED AS MEETING PLAN DISTRIBUTION RE QUIREMENTS .—For purposes the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified wildfire distribution shall be treated as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of such Code. (b) RECONTRIBUTIONS OF WITHDRAWALS FOR  HOMEPURCHASES .— (1) RECONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Any individual who received a qualified distribution may, during the period beginning on October 8, 2017, and ending on June 30, 2018, make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such qualified distribution to an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), or 408(d)(3), of such Code, as the case may be. (B) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (a)(3) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. (2) QUALIFIED DISTRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified distribution’’ means any distribution— (A) described in section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii) (but only to the extent such distribution relates to financial hardship), 403(b)(11)(B), or 72(t)(2)(F), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (B) received after March 31, 2017, and before January 15, 2018, and (C) which was to be used to purchase or construct a principal residence in the California wildfire disaster area but which was not so purchased or constructed on account of the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (c) LOANS FROMQUALIFIED PLANS.— (1) INCREASE IN LIMIT ON LOANS NOT TREATED  
AS DISTRIBUTIONS .—In the case of any loan from a qualified employer plan (as defined under section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) to a qualified individual made during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2018— (A) clause (i) of section 72(p)(2)(A) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$100,000’’ for ‘‘$50,000’’, and (B) clause (ii) of such section shall be applied by substituting ‘‘the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the employee under the plan’’ for ‘‘onehalf of the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the employee under the plan’’. (2) DELAY OF REPAYMENT .—In the case of a qualified individual with an outstanding loan on or after October 8, 2017, from a qualified employer plan (as defined in section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)— (A) if the due date pursuant to subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code for any repayment with respect to such loan occurs during the period beginning on October 8, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018, such due date shall be delayed for 1 year, (B) any subsequent repayments with respect to any such loan shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the delay in the due date under paragraph (1) and any interest accruing during such delay, and (C) in determining the 5year period and the term of a loan under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code, the period described in subparagraph (A) shall be disregarded. (3) QUALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified individual’’ means any individual whose principal place of abode during any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, is located in the California wildfire disaster area and who has sustained an economic loss by reason of wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (d) PROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND MENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If this subsection applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period described in paragraph (2)(B)(i). (2) AMENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP PLIES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—This subsection shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract which is made— (i) pursuant to any provision of this section, or pursuant to any regulation issued by the Secretary or the Secretary of Labor under any provision of this section, and (ii) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2019, or such later date as the Secretary may prescribe. In the case of a governmental plan (as defined in section 414(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), clause (ii) shall be applied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under clause (ii). (B) CONDITIONS .—This subsection shall not apply to any amendment unless— (i) during the period— (I) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in subparagraph (A)(i) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or contract amendment not required by this section or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan), and (II) ending on the date described in subparagraph (A)(ii) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or contract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect, and (ii) such plan or contract amendment applies retroactively for such period. 
SEC. 20103. EMPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT FOR EMPLOYERS AFFECTED BY CALIFORNIA WILDFIRES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of an eligible employer, the California wildfire employee retention credit shall be treated as a credit listed in subsection (b) of such section. For purposes of this subsection, the California wildfire employee retention credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 40 percent of the qualified wages with respect to each eligible employee of such employer for such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account with respect to any individual shall not exceed $6,000. (b) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— (1) ELIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘eligible employer’’ means any employer— (A) which conducted an active trade or business on October 8, 2017, in the California wildfire disaster zone, and (B) with respect to whom the trade or business described in subparagraph (A) is inoperable on any day after October 8, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, as a result of damage sustained by reason of the wildfires to which such declaration of such area relates. (2) ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘eligible employee’’ means with respect to an eligible employer an employee whose principal place of employment on October 8, 2017, with such eligible employer was in the California wildfire disaster zone. (3) QUALIFIED WAGES .—The term ‘‘qualified wages’’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, but without regard to section 3306(b)(2)(B) of such Code) paid or incurred by an eligible employer with respect to an eligible employee on any day after October 8, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, which occurs during the period— (A) beginning on the date on which the trade or business described in paragraph (1) first became inoperable at the principal place of employment of the employee immediately before the wildfires to which the declaration of the California wildfire disaster area relates, and (B) ending on the date on which such trade or business has resumed significant operations at such principal place of employment. Such term shall include wages paid without regard to whether the employee performs no services, performs services at a different place of employment than such principal place of employment, or performs services at such principal place of employment before significant operations have resumed. (c) CERTAIN RULES TOAPPLY.—For purposes of this section, rules similar to the rules of sections 51(i)(1), 52, and 280C(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall apply. (d) EMPLOYEE NOTTAKEN INTO ACCOUNT  MORETHAN ONCE.—An employee shall not be treated as an eligible employee for purposes of this section for any period with respect to any employer if such employer is allowed a credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to such employee for such period. 
ONCHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (2), subsection (b) of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to qualified contributions and such contributions shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying subsections (b) and (d) of such section to other contributions. (2) TREATMENT OF EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS .— For purposes of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— (A) INDIVIDUALS .—In the case of an individual— (i) LIMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not exceed the excess of the taxpayer’s contribution base (as defined in subparagraph (H) of section 170(b)(1) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under section 170(b)(1) of such Code. (ii) CARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of qualified contributions made in the contribution year (within the meaning of section 170(d)(1) of such Code) exceeds the limitation of clause (i), such excess shall be added to the excess described in the portion of subparagraph (A) of such section which precedes clause (i) thereof for purposes of applying such section. (B) CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a corporation— (i) LIMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not exceed the excess of the taxpayer’s taxable income (as determined under paragraph (2) of section 170(b) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under such paragraph. (ii) CARRYOVER .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall apply for purposes of this subparagraph. (3) EXCEPTION TO OVERALL LIMITATION ON  
ITEMIZED DEDUCTIONS .—So much of any deduction allowed under section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as does not exceed the qualified contributions paid during the taxable year shall not be treated as an itemized deduction for purposes of section 68 of such Code. (4) QUALIFIED CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified contribution’’ means any charitable contribution (as defined in section 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) if— 
(i) such contribution— (I) is paid during the period beginning on October 8, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018, in cash to an organization described in section 170(b)(1)(A) of such Code, and (II) is made for relief efforts in the California wildfire disaster area, (ii) the taxpayer obtains from such organization contemporaneous written acknowledgment (within the meaning of section 170(f)(8) of such Code) that such contribution was used (or is to be used) for relief efforts described in clause (i)(II), and (iii) the taxpayer has elected the application of this subsection with respect to such contribution. (B) EXCEPTION .—Such term shall not include a contribution by a donor if the contribution is— (i) to an organization described in section 509(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or (ii) for the establishment of a new, or maintenance of an existing, donor advised fund (as defined in section 4966(d)(2) of such Code). (C) APPLICATION OF ELECTION TO PARTNER SHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation, the election under subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be made separately by each partner or shareholder. (b) SPECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED DISASTER  RELATED PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross income of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be increased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduction as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) NET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disasterrelated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) QUALIFIED DISASTER RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified disasterrelated personal casualty losses’’ means losses described in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise in the California wildfire disaster area on or after October 8, 2017, and which are attributable to the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (c) SPECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINING EARNED  INCOME .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified individual, if the earned income of the taxpayer for the taxable year which includes any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, is less than the earned income of the taxpayer for the preceding taxable year, the credits allowed under sections 24(d) and 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may, at the election of the taxpayer, be determined by substituting— (A) such earned income for the preceding taxable year, for (B) such earned income for the taxable year which includes any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017. (2) QUALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified individual’’ means any individual whose principal place of abode during any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017, was located— (A) in the California wildfire disaster zone, or (B) in the California wildfire disaster area (but outside the California wildfire disaster zone) and such individual was displaced from such principal place of abode by reason of the wildfires to which the declaration of such area relates. (3) EARNED INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘earned income’’ has the meaning given such term under section 32(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (4) SPECIAL RULES .— (A) APPLICATION TO JOINT RETURNS .—For pur poses of paragraph (1), in the case of a joint return for a taxable year which includes any portion of the period from October 8, 2017, to December 31, 2017— (i) such paragraph shall apply if either spouse is a qualified individual, and (ii) the earned income of the taxpayer for the preceding taxable year shall be the sum of the earned income of each spouse for such preceding taxable year. (B) UNIFORM APPLICATION OF ELECTION .—Any election made under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to both sections 24(d) and 32, of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) ERRORS TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL  
ERROR .—For purposes of section 6213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, an incorrect use on a return of earned income pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be treated as a mathematical or clerical error. (D) NO EFFECT ON DETERMINATION OF GROSS  
INCOME , ETC.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied without regard to any substitution under paragraph (1). TITLE II—TAX RELIEF FOR HURRICANES HARVEY, IRMA, AND MARIA 
SEC. 20201. TAX RELIEF FOR HURRICANES HARVEY, IRMA, AND MARIA. 
ANDIRMA DISASTER AREAS.—Subsections (a)(2) and (b)(2) of section 501 of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–63; 131 Stat. 1173) are both amended by striking ‘‘September 21, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 17, 2017’’. (b) EMPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT .—Sub sections (a)(3), (b)(3), and (c)(3) of section 503 of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–63; 131 Stat. 1181) are each amended by striking ‘‘sections 51(i)(1) and 52’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 51(i)(1), 52, and 280C(a)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the provisions of title V of the Disaster Tax Relief and Airport and Airway Extension Act of 2017 to which such amendments relate. TITLE III—HURRICANE MARIA RELIEF FOR PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS MEDICAID PROGRAMS 
SEC. 20301. HURRICANE MARIA RELIEF FOR PUERTO RICO AND THE VIRGIN ISLANDS MEDICAID PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NCREASED CAPS.—Section 1108(g)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(g)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) Subject to subparagraphs (D) and (E), for the period beginning January 1, 2018, and ending September 30, 2019— ‘‘(i) the amount of the increase otherwise provided under subparagraphs (A) and (B) for Puerto Rico shall be further increased by $3,600,000,000; and ‘‘(ii) the amount of the increase otherwise provided under subparagraph (A) for the Virgin Islands shall be further increased by $106,931,000. ‘‘(D) For the period described in subparagraph (C), the amount of the increase otherwise provided under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) for Puerto Rico shall be further increased by $1,200,000,000 if the Secretary certifies that Puerto Rico has taken reasonable and appropriate steps during such period, in accordance with a timeline established by the Secretary, to— ‘‘(I) implement methods, satisfactory to the Secretary, for the collection and reporting of reliable data to the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Information System (T–MSIS) (or a successor system); and ‘‘(II) demonstrate progress in establishing a State medicaid fraud control unit described in section 1903(q); and ‘‘(ii) for the Virgin Islands shall be further increased by $35,644,000 if the Secretary certifies that the Virgin Islands has taken reasonable and appropriate steps during such period, in accordance with a timeline established by the Secretary, to meet the conditions for certification specified in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i). ‘‘(E) Notwithstanding any other provision of title XIX, during the period in which the additional funds provided under subparagraphs (C) and (D) are available for Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, respectively, with respect to payments from such additional funds for amounts expended by Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands under such title, the Secretary shall increase the Federal medical assistance percentage or other rate that would otherwise apply to such payments to 100 percent.’’. (b) DISREGARD OF CERTAIN EXPENDITURES  FROM SPENDING CAP.—Section 1108(g)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(g)(4)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘for a calendar quarter of such fiscal year,’’ after ‘‘section 1903(a)(3)’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘of such fiscal year for a calendar quarter of such fiscal year,’’ and inserting ‘‘of such fiscal year, and with respect to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2018, if the Virgin Islands qualifies for a payment under section 1903(a)(6) for a calendar quarter (beginning on or after January 1, 2018) of such fiscal year,’’. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than July 1, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate that— (1) describes the steps taken by Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands to meet the conditions for certification specified in clauses (i) and (ii ), respectively, of section 1108(g)(5)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(g)(5)(D)) (as amended by subsection (a) of this section); and (2) specifies timelines for each such territory to, as a condition of eligibility for any additional increases in the amounts determined for Puerto Rico or the Virgin Islands, respectively, under subsection (g) of section 1108 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1308) for purposes of payments under title XIX of such Act for fiscal year 2019, complete— (A) implementation of methods, satisfactory to the Secretary, for the collection and reporting of reliable data to the Transformed Medicaid Statistical Information System (T–MSIS) (or a successor system); and (B) the establishment of a State medicaid fraud control unit described in section 1903(q) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396d(q)). TITLE IV—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
This subdivision is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4(g) of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(g)). 
In the Senate, this subdivision is designated as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 4112(a) of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress), 
the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018. Subdivision 3—Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 SEC. 20101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56) is further amended by— (1) striking the date specified in section 106(3) and inserting ‘‘March 23, 2018’’; and (2) inserting after section 155 the following new sections: ‘‘SEC. 156. In addition to amounts provided by section 101, amounts are provided for ‘Department of Commerce—Bureau of the Census—Periodic Census and Programs’ at a rate for operations of $182,000,000 for an additional amount for the 2020 Decennial Census Program; and such amounts may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the schedule and deliver the required data according to statutory deadlines in the 2020 Decennial Census Program. ‘‘SEC. 157. Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso and the first proviso under the heading ‘Power Marketing Administrations—Operation and Maintenance, Southeastern Power Administration’ in division D of Public Law 115–31 shall be applied by substituting ‘$6,379,000’ for ‘$1,000,000’ each place it appears. ‘‘SEC. 158. As authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114– 74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $350,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in fiscal year 2018: Provided, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘Energy Security and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Fund’) during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That in addition to amounts otherwise made available by section 101, any amounts deposited in the Fund shall be made available and shall remain available until expended at a rate for operations of $350,000,000, for necessary expenses in carrying out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. ‘‘SEC. 159. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘The Judiciary—Courts of Appeals, District Courts, and Other Judicial Services—Fees of Jurors and Commissioners’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to accommodate increased juror usage. ‘‘SEC. 160. Section 144 of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56), as amended by the Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division A of Public Law 115–96), is amended by (1) striking ‘$11,761,000’ and inserting ‘$22,247,000’, and (2) striking ‘$1,104,000’ and inserting ‘$1,987,000’. ‘‘SEC. 161. Section 458(a)(4) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)(4)) shall be applied by substituting ‘2018’ for ‘2017’. ‘‘SEC. 162. For the purpose of carrying out section 435(a)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (HEA) (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(2)), during the period covered by this Act the Secretary of Education may waive the requirement under section 435(a)(5)(A)(ii) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1085(a)(5)(A)(ii)) for an institution of higher education that offers an associate degree, is a public institution, and is located in an economically distressed county, defined as a county that ranks in the lowest 5 percent of all counties in the United States based on a national index of county economic status: Provided, That this section shall apply to an institution of higher education that otherwise would be ineligible to participate in a program under part A of title IV of the HEA on or after the date of enactment of this Act due to the application of section 435(a)(2) of the HEA. ‘‘SEC. 163. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available by this Act for military construction, land acquisition, and family housing projects and activities may be obligated and expended to carry out planning and design and military construction projects authorized by law: Provided, That funds and authority provided by this section may be used notwithstanding sections 102 and 104: Provided further, That such funds may be used only for projects identified by the Department of the Air Force in its January 29, 2018, letter sent to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing urgently needed fiscal year 2018 construction requirements. ‘‘SEC. 164. (a) Section 116(h)(3)(D) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— ‘‘(1) in clause (i), by striking ‘During the 2 year period beginning on the date of enactment of this section, the’; inserting ‘The’; and inserting the following after the first sentence: ‘Any such funds or limitation of obligations or portions thereof transferred to the Bureau may be transferred back to and merged with the original account.’; and ‘‘(2) in clause (ii) by striking ‘During the 2 year period beginning on the date of enactment of this section, the’; inserting ‘The’; and inserting the following after the first sentence: ‘Any such funds or limitation of obligations or portions thereof transferred to the Bureau may be transferred back to and merged with the original account.’. ‘‘(b) Section 503(l)(4) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 823(l)(4)) is amended— ‘‘(1) in the heading by striking ‘Safety and operations account’ and inserting ‘National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau account’; and ‘‘(2) in subparagraph (A) by striking ‘Safety and Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration’ and inserting ‘National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau account’. ‘‘SEC. 165. Section 24(o) of the United States Housing Act of 1937 (42 U.S.C. 1437v) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 106(3) for ‘September 30, 2017’.’’. This subdivision may be cited as the ‘‘Further Extension of Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018’’. DIVISION C—BUDGETARY AND OTHER MATTERS 
The table of contents for this division is as follows: DIVISION C—BUDGETARY AND OTHER MATTERS Sec. 30001. Table of contents. TITLE I—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT Sec. 30101. Amendments to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. Sec. 30102. Balances on the PAYGO Scorecards. Sec. 30103. Authority for fiscal year 2019 budget resolution in the Senate. Sec. 30104. Authority for fiscal year 2019 budget resolution in the House of Representatives. Sec. 30105. Exercise of rulemaking powers. TITLE II—OFFSETS Sec. 30201. Customs user fees. Sec. 30202. Aviation security service fees. Sec. 30203. Extension of certain immigration fees. Sec. 30204. Strategic Petroleum Reserve drawdown. Sec. 30205. Elimination of surplus funds of Federal reserve banks. Sec. 30206. Reemployment services and eligibility assessments. TITLE III—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT Sec. 30301. Temporary extension of public debt limit. TITLE IV—JOINT SELECT COMMITTEES Subtitle A—Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans Sec. 30421. Definitions. Sec. 30422. Establishment of Joint Select Committee. Sec. 30423. Funding. Sec. 30424. Consideration of joint committee bill in the Senate. Subtitle B—Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform Sec. 30441. Definitions. Sec. 30442. Establishment of Joint Select Committee. Sec. 30443. Funding. Sec. 30444. Consideration of joint committee bill in the Senate. TITLE I—BUDGET ENFORCEMENT SEC. 30101. AMENDMENTS TO THE BALANCED BUDGET AND EMERGENCY DEFICIT CONTROL ACT OF 1985. 
(a) R EVISED DISCRETIONARY SPENDING LIMITS.—Section 251(c) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(c)) is amended by striking paragraphs (5) and (6) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) for fiscal year 2018— ‘‘(A) for the revised security category, $629,000,000,000 in new budget authority; and ‘‘(B) for the revised nonsecurity category $579,000,000,000 in new budget authority; ‘‘(6) for fiscal year 2019— ‘‘(A) for the revised security category, $647,000,000,000 in new budget authority; and ‘‘(B) for the revised nonsecurity category, $597,000,000,000 in new budget authority;’’. (b) DIRECT SPENDING ADJUSTMENTS FOR FISCALYEARS 2018 AND2019.—Section 251A of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a), is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘and (11)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (11), and (12)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) IMPLEMENTING DIRECT SPENDING REDUC TIONS FOR FISCAL YEARS 2018 AND 2019 .—(A) OMB shall make the calculations necessary to implement the direct spending reductions calculated pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (4) without regard to the amendment made to section 251(c) revising the discretionary spending limits for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) Paragraph (5)(B) shall not be implemented for fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’. (c) EXTENSION OF DIRECT SPENDING REDUC TIONS THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2027.—Section 251A(6) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901a(6)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2022, for fiscal year 2023, for fiscal year 2024, and for fiscal year 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2022 through 2027’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2027’’. 
Effective on the date of enactment of this Act, the balances on the PAYGO scorecards established pursuant to paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 4(d) of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)) shall be zero. 
SEC. 30103. AUTHORITY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET RESOLUTION IN THE SENATE. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019.—For purposes of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.) after April 15, 2018, and enforcing budgetary points of order in prior concurrent resolutions on the budget, the allocations, aggregates, and levels provided for in subsection (b) shall apply in the Senate in the same manner as for a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 with appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. (b) COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS , AGGREGATES , 
than May 15, 2018, the Chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the Senate shall file— (1) for the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 consistent with discretionary spending limits set forth in section 251(c)(6) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by this Act, for the purposes of enforcing section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); (2) for all committees other than the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purposes of enforcing section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633); (3) aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2019 in accordance with the allocations established under paragraphs (1) and (2), for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 642); (4) aggregate revenue levels for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 642); and (5) levels of Social Security revenues and outlays for fiscal years 2019, 2019 through 2023, and 2019 through 2028 consistent with the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 633 and 642). (c) ADDITIONAL MATTER .—The filing referred to in subsection (b) may also include for fiscal year 2019 the deficitneutral reserve funds contained in title III of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress) updated by one fiscal year. (d) EXPIRATION .—This section shall expire if a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 is agreed to by the Senate and the House of Representatives pursuant to section 301 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 632). 
SEC. 30104. AUTHORITY FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET RESOLUTION IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. 
(a) F ISCAL YEAR2019.—If a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 has not been adopted by April 15, 2018, for the purpose of enforcing the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, the allocations, aggregates, and levels provided for in subsection (b) shall apply in the House of Representatives after April 15, 2018, in the same manner as for a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 with appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal year 2019 and for fiscal years 2020 through 2028. (b) COMMITTEE ALLOCATIONS , AGGREGATES , 
ANDLEVELS .—In the House of Representatives, the Chair of the Committee on the Budget shall submit a statement for publication in the Congressional Record after April 15, 2018, but not later than May 15, 2018, containing— (1) for the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 for discretionary budget authority at the total level set forth in section 251(c)(6) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended by this Act, and the outlays flowing therefrom, and committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 for current law mandatory budget authority and outlays, for the purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; (2) for all committees other than the Committee on Appropriations, committee allocations for fiscal year 2019 and for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028 at the levels included in the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 302 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974; and (3) aggregate spending levels for fiscal year 2019 and aggregate revenue levels for fiscal year 2019 and for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, at the levels included in the most recent baseline of the Congressional Budget Office, as adjusted for the budgetary effects of any provision of law enacted during the period beginning on the date such baseline is issued and ending on the date of submission of such statement, for the purpose of enforcing section 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. (c) ADDITIONAL MATTER .—The statement referred to in subsection (b) may also include for fiscal year 2019, the matter contained in the provisions referred to in subsection (f)(1). (d) FISCAL YEAR 2019 A LLOCATION TO THE  COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS .—If the statement referred to in subsection (b) is not filed by May 15, 2018, then the matter referred to in subsection (b)(1) shall be submitted by the Chair of the Committee on the Budget for publication in the Congressional Record on the next day that the House of Representatives is in session. (e) ADJUSTMENTS .—The chair of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives may adjust the levels included in the statement referred to in subsection (b) to reflect the budgetary effects of any legislation enacted during the 115th Congress that reduces the deficit or as otherwise necessary. (f) APPLICATION .—Upon submission of the statement referred to in subsection (b)— (1) all references in sections 5101 through 5112, sections 5201 through 5205, section 5301, and section 5401 of House Concurrent Resolution 71 (115th Congress) to a fiscal year shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be references to the succeeding fiscal year; and (2) all references in the provisions referred to in paragraph (1) to allocations, aggregates, or other appropriate levels in ‘‘this concurrent resolution’’, ‘‘the most recently agreed to concurrent resolution on the budget’’, or ‘‘this resolution’’ shall be considered for all purposes in the House to be references to the allocations, aggregates, or other appropriate levels contained in the statement referred to in subsection (b), as adjusted. (g) EXPIRATION .—Subsections (a) through (f) shall no longer apply if a concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2019 is agreed to by the Senate and House of Representatives. 
Sections 30103 and 30104 are enacted by the Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively, and as such they shall be considered as part of the rules of each House, respectively, or of that House to which they specifically apply, and such rules shall supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent therewith; and (2) with full recognition of the constitutional right of either House to change such rules (so far as relating to such House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of such House. TITLE II—OFFSETS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 13031(j)(3) of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c(j)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘January 14, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘February 24, 2027’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2025’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. (b) RATE FOR MERCHANDISE PROCESSING  FEES.—Section 503 of the United States–Korea Free Trade Agreement Implementation Act (Public Law 112–41; 19 U.S.C. 3805 note) is amended by striking ‘‘January 14, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘February 24, 2027’’. 
Paragraph (4) of section 44940(i) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(M) $1,640,000,000 for fiscal year 2026. ‘‘(N) $1,680,000,000 for fiscal year 2027.’’. 
(a) V ISA WAIVER PROGRAM .—Section 217(h)(3)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(h)(3)(B)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. (b) L–1 
ANDH–1BVISAS.—Section 411 of the Air Transportation Safety and System Stabilization Act (49 U.S.C. 40101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2025’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2027’’. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve— (A) 30,000,000 barrels of crude oil during the period of fiscal years 2022 through 2025; (B) 35,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal year 2026; and (C) 35,000,000 barrels of crude oil during fiscal year 2027. (2) DEPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE.—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) EMERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary of Energy may not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under subsection (h) of section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. (c) STRATEGIC PETROLEUM DRAWDOWN CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .— (1) CONDITIONS .—Section 161(h)(1) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)(1)) is amended in subparagraph (B) by striking ‘‘shortage; and’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Secretary of’’ in subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘shortage; ‘‘(C) the Secretary has found that action taken under this subsection will not impair the ability of the United States to carry out obligations of the United States under the international energy program; and ‘‘(D) the Secretary of’’. (2) LIMITATIONS .—Section 161(h)(2) of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘450,000,000’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘350,000,000’’. 
SEC. 30205. ELIMINATION OF SURPLUS FUNDS OF FEDERAL RESERVE BANKS. 
Section 7(a)(3)(A) of the Federal Reserve Act (12 U.S.C. 289(a)(3)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000,000’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title III of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 501 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 306. GRANTS TO STATES FOR REEMPLOYMENT SERVICES AND ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’) shall 
award grants under this section for a fiscal year to eligible States to conduct a program of reemployment services and eligibility assessments for individuals referred to reemployment services as described in section 303(j) for weeks in such fiscal year for which such individuals receive unemployment compensation. ‘‘(b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this section are to accomplish the following goals: ‘‘(1) To improve employment outcomes of individuals that receive unemployment compensation and to reduce the average duration of receipt of such compensation through employment. ‘‘(2) To strengthen program integrity and reduce improper payments of unemployment compensation by States through the detection and prevention of such payments to individuals who are not eligible for such compensation. ‘‘(3) To promote alignment with the broader vision of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) of increased program integration and service delivery for job seekers, including claimants for unemployment compensation. ‘‘(4) To establish reemployment services and eligibility assessments as an entry point for individuals receiving unemployment compensation into other workforce system partner programs. ‘‘(c) EVIDENCE BASED STANDARDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In carrying out a State program of reemployment services and eligibility assessments using grant funds awarded to the State under this section, a State shall use such funds only for interventions demonstrated to reduce the number of weeks for which program participants receive unemployment compensation by improving employment outcomes for program participants. ‘‘(2) EXPANDING EVIDENCE BASED INTERVEN TIONS .—In addition to the requirement imposed by paragraph (1), a State shall— ‘‘(A) for fiscal years 2023 and 2024, use no less than 25 percent of the grant funds awarded to the State under this section for interventions with a high or moderate causal evidence rating that show a demonstrated capacity to improve employment and earnings outcomes for program participants; ‘‘(B) for fiscal years 2025 and 2026, use no less than 40 percent of such grant funds for interventions described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) for fiscal years beginning after fiscal year 2026, use no less than 50 percent of such grant funds for interventions described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(d) EVALUATIONS .— ‘‘(1) REQUIRED EVALUATIONS .—Any intervention without a high or moderate causal evidence rating used by a State in carrying out a State program of reemployment services and eligibility assessments under this section shall be under evaluation at the time of use. ‘‘(2) FUNDING LIMITATION .—A State shall use not more than 10 percent of grant funds awarded to the State under this section to conduct or cause to be conducted evaluations of interventions used in carrying out a program under this section (including evaluations conducted pursuant to paragraph (1)). ‘‘(e) STATE PLAN.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—As a condition of eligibility to receive a grant under this section for a fiscal year, a State shall submit to the Secretary, at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require, a State plan that outlines how the State intends to conduct a program of reemployment services and eligibility assessments under this section, including— ‘‘(A) assurances that, and a description of how, the program will provide— ‘‘(i) proper notification to participating individuals of the program’s eligibility conditions, requirements, and benefits, including the issuance of warnings and simple, clear notifications to ensure that participating individuals are fully aware of the consequences of failing to adhere to such requirements, including policies related to nonattendance or nonfulfillment of work search requirements; and ‘‘(ii) reasonable scheduling accommodations to maximize participation for eligible individuals; ‘‘(B) assurances that, and a description of how, the program will conform with the purposes outlined in subsection (b) and satisfy the requirement to use evidencebased standards under subsection (c), including— ‘‘(i) a description of the evidencebased interventions the State plans to use to speed reemployment; ‘‘(ii) an explanation of how such interventions are appropriate to the population served; and ‘‘(iii) if applicable, a description of the evaluation structure the State plans to use for interventions without at least a moderate or high causal evidence rating, which may include national evaluations conducted by the Department of Labor or by other entities; and ‘‘(C) a description of any reemployment activities and evaluations conducted in the prior fiscal year, and any data collected on— ‘‘(i) characteristics of program participants; ‘‘(ii) the number of weeks for which program participants receive unemployment compensation; and ‘‘(iii) employment and other outcomes for program participants consistent with State performance accountability measures provided by the State unemployment compensation program and in section 116(b) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3141(b)). ‘‘(2) APPROVAL .—The Secretary shall approve any State plan, that is timely submitted to the Secretary, in such manner as the Secretary may require, that satisfies the conditions described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) DISAPPROVAL AND REVISION .—If the Secretary determines that a State plan submitted pursuant to this subsection fails to satisfy the conditions described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) disapprove such plan; ‘‘(B) provide to the State, not later than 30 days after the date of receipt of the State plan, a written notice of such disapproval that includes a description of any portion of the plan that was not approved and the reason for the disapproval of each such portion; and ‘‘(C) provide the State with an opportunity to correct any such failure and submit a revised State plan. ‘‘(f) ALLOCATION OF FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) BASE FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For each fiscal year after fiscal year 2020, the Secretary shall allocate a percentage equal to the base funding percentage for such fiscal year of the funds made available for grants under this section among the States awarded such a grant for such fiscal year using a formula prescribed by the Secretary based on the rate of insured unemployment (as defined in section 203(e)(1) of the FederalState Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note)) in the State for a period to be determined by the Secretary. In developing such formula with respect to a State, the Secretary shall consider the importance of avoiding sharp reductions in grant funding to a State over time. ‘‘(B) BASE FUNDING PERCENTAGE .—For pur poses of subparagraph (A), the term ‘base funding percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2021 through 2026, 89 percent; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal years after 2026, 84 percent. ‘‘(2) RESERVATION FOR OUTCOME PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Of the amounts made available for grants under this section for each fiscal year after 2020, the Secretary shall reserve a percentage equal to the outcome reservation percentage for such fiscal year for outcome payments to increase the amount otherwise awarded to a State under paragraph (1). Such outcome payments shall be paid to States conducting reemployment services and eligibility assessments under this section that, during the previous fiscal year, met or exceeded the outcome goals provided in subsection (b)(1) related to reducing the average duration of receipt of unemployment compensation by improving employment outcomes. ‘‘(B) OUTCOME RESERVATION PERCENTAGE .— For purposes of subparagraph (A), the term ‘outcome reservation percentage’ means— ‘‘(i) for fiscal years 2021 through 2026, 10 percent; and ‘‘(ii) for fiscal years after 2026, 15 percent. ‘‘(3) RESERVATION FOR RESEARCH AND TECH NICAL ASSISTANCE .—Of the amounts made available for grants under this section for each fiscal year after 2020, the Secretary may reserve not more than 1 percent to conduct research and provide technical assistance to States. ‘‘(4) CONSULTATION AND PUBLIC COMMENT .— Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) consult with the States and seek public comment in developing the allocation formula under paragraph (1) and the criteria for carrying out the reservations under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) make publicly available the allocation formula and criteria developed pursuant to subclause (A). ‘‘(g) NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days prior to making any changes to the allocation formula or the criteria developed pursuant to subsection (f)(5)(A), the Secretary shall submit to Congress, including to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, a notification of any such change. ‘‘(h) SUPPLEMENT NOTSUPPLANT .—Funds made available to carry out this section shall be used to supplement the level of Federal, State, and local public funds that, in the absence of such availability, would be expended to provide reemployment services and eligibility assessments to individuals receiving unemployment compensation, and in no case to supplant such Federal, State, or local public funds. ‘‘(i) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) CAUSAL EVIDENCE RATING .—The terms ‘high causal evidence rating’ and ‘moderate causal evidence rating’ shall have the meaning given such terms by the Secretary of Labor. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘eligible State’ means a State that has in effect a State plan approved by the Secretary in accordance with subsection (e). ‘‘(3) INTERVENTION .—The term ‘intervention’ means a service delivery strategy for the provision of State reemployment services and eligibility assessment activities under this section. ‘‘(4) STATE.—The term ‘State’ has the meaning given the term in section 205 of the Federal State Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note). ‘‘(5) UNEMPLOYMENT COMPENSATION .—The term unemployment compensation means ‘regular compensation’, ‘extended compensation’, and ‘additional compensation’ (as such terms are defined by section 205 of the FederalState Extended Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note)).’’. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Labor shall submit to Congress a report to describe promising interventions used by States to provide reemployment assistance. (c) ADJUSTMENT TO DISCRETIONARY SPENDING  LIMITS .—Section 251(b)(2) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) REEMPLOYMENT SERVICES AND ELIGI BILITY ASSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—If a bill or joint resolution making appropriations for a fiscal year is enacted that specifies an amount for grants to States under section 306 of the Social Security Act, then the adjustment for that fiscal year 
shall be the additional new budget authority provided in that Act for such grants for that fiscal year, but shall not exceed— ‘‘(I) for fiscal year 2018, $0; ‘‘(II) for fiscal year 2019, $33,000,000; ‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020, $58,000,000; and ‘‘(IV) for fiscal year 2021, $83,000,000. ‘‘(ii) DEFINITION .—As used in this subparagraph, the term ‘additional new budget authority’ means the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of $117,000,000, in an appropriation Act and specified to pay for grants to States under section 306 of the Social Security Act.’’. (d) OTHER BUDGETARY ADJUSTMENTS .—Sec tion 314 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 645) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) ADJUSTMENT FOR REEMPLOYMENT SERVICES AND ELIGIBILITY ASSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) ADJUSTMENTS .—If the Committee on Appropriations of either House reports an appropriation measure for any of fiscal years 2022 through 2027 that provides budget authority for grants under section 306 of the Social Security Act, or if a conference committee submits a conference report thereon, the chairman of the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives or the Senate shall make the adjustments referred to in subparagraph (B) to reflect the additional new budget authority provided for such grants in that measure or conference report and the outlays resulting therefrom, consistent with subparagraph (D). ‘‘(B) TYPES OF ADJUSTMENTS .—The adjustments referred to in this subparagraph consist of adjustments to— ‘‘(i) the discretionary spending limits for that fiscal year as set forth in the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget; ‘‘(ii) the allocations to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives for that fiscal year under section 302(a); and ‘‘(iii) the appropriate budget aggregates for that fiscal year in the most recently adopted concurrent resolution on the budget. ‘‘(C) ENFORCEMENT .—The adjusted discretionary spending limits, allocations, and aggregates under this paragraph shall be considered the appropriate limits, allocations, and aggregates for purposes of congressional enforcement of this Act and concurrent budget resolutions under this Act. ‘‘(D) LIMITATION .—No adjustment may be made under this subsection in excess of— ‘‘(i) for fiscal year 2022, $133,000,000; ‘‘(ii) for fiscal year 2023, $258,000,000; ‘‘(iii) for fiscal year 2024, $433,000,000; ‘‘(iv) for fiscal year 2025, $533,000,000; ‘‘(v) for fiscal year 2026, $608,000,000; and ‘‘(vi) for fiscal year 2027, $633,000,000. ‘‘(E) DEFINITION .—As used in this subsection, the term ‘additional new budget authority’ means the amount provided for a fiscal year, in excess of $117,000,000, in an appropriation measure or conference report (as the case may be) and specified to pay for grants to States under section 306 of the Social Security Act. ‘‘(2) REPORT ON 302(B) LEVEL .—Following any adjustment made under paragraph (1), the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives may report appropriately revised suballocations pursuant to section 302(b) to carry out this subsection.’’. TITLE III—TEMPORARY EXTENSION OF PUBLIC DEBT LIMIT 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall not apply for the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on March 1, 2019. (b) SPECIAL RULERELATING TO OBLIGATIONS  ISSUED DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—Effective on March 2, 2019, the limitation in effect under section 3101(b) of title 31, United States Code, shall be increased to the extent that— (1) the face amount of obligations issued under chapter 31 of such title and the face amount of obligations whose principal and interest are guaranteed by the United States Government (except guaranteed obligations held by the Secretary of the Treasury) outstanding on March 2, 2019, exceeds (2) the face amount of such obligations outstanding on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) RESTORING CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORITY  OVER THE NATIONAL DEBT.— (1) EXTENSION LIMITED TO NECESSARY OBLIGA TIONS .—An obligation shall not be taken into account under subsection (b)(1) unless the issuance of such obligation was necessary to fund a commitment incurred pursuant to law by the Federal Government that required payment before March 2, 2019. (2) PROHIBITION ON CREATION OF CASH RE SERVE DURING EXTENSION PERIOD .—The Sec retary of the Treasury shall not issue obligations during the period specified in subsection (a) for the purpose of increasing the cash balance above normal operating balances in anticipation of the expiration of such period. TITLE IV—JOINT SELECT COMMITTEES Subtitle A—Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans 
In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘joint committee’’ means the Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans established under section 30422(a); and (2) the term ‘‘joint committee bill’’ means a bill consisting of the proposed legislative language of the joint committee recommended in accordance with section 30422(b)(2)(B)(ii) and introduced under section 30424(a). 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE .—There is established a joint select committee of Congress to be known as the ‘‘Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) GOAL.—The goal of the joint committee is to improve the solvency of multiemployer pension plans and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. (2) DUTIES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The joint committee shall provide recommendations and legislative language that will significantly improve the solvency of multiemployer pension plans and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. (B) REPORT , RECOMMENDATIONS , AND LEGISLA TIVE LANGUAGE .— (i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the joint committee shall vote on— (I) a report that contains a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the joint committee; and (II) proposed legislative language to carry out the recommendations described in subclause (I). (ii) APPROVAL OF REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE  
LANGUAGE .— (I) IN GENERAL .—The report of the joint committee and the proposed legislative language described in clause (i) shall only be approved upon receiving the votes of— (aa) a majority of joint committee members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate; and (bb) a majority of joint committee members appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate. (II) AVAILABILITY .—The text of any report and proposed legislative language shall be publicly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to its consideration. (iii) ADDITIONAL VIEWS .—A member of the joint committee who gives notice of an intention to file supplemental, minority, or additional views at the time of the final joint committee vote on the approval of the report and legislative language under clause (ii) shall be entitled to 2 calendar days after the day of such notice in which to file such views in writing with the cochairs. Such views shall then be included in the joint committee report and printed in the same volume, or part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the joint committee report may be printed and transmitted immediately without such views. (iv) TRANSMISSION OF REPORT AND LEGISLA TIVE LANGUAGE .—If the report and legislative language are approved by the joint committee pursuant to clause (ii), the joint committee shall submit the joint committee report and legislative language described in clause (i) to the President, the Vice President, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the majority and minority leaders of each House of Congress not later than 15 calendar days after such approval. (v) REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE LANGUAGE TO BE  
MADE PUBLIC .—Upon the approval of the joint committee report and legislative language pursuant to clause (ii), the joint committee shall promptly make the full report and legislative language, and a record of any vote, available to the public. (3) MEMBERSHIP .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The joint committee shall be composed of 16 members appointed pursuant to subparagraph (B). (B) APPOINTMENT .—Members of the joint committee shall be appointed as follows: (i) The Speaker of the House of Representatives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Representatives. (ii) The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Representatives. (iii) The Majority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the Senate. (iv) The Minority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the Senate. (C) COCHAIRS .—Two of the appointed members of the joint committee will serve as co chairs. The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint one cochair, and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint the second cochair. The co chairs shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) DATE.—Members of the joint committee shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (E) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the joint committee. Any vacancy in the joint committee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled not later than 14 calendar days after the date on which the vacancy occurs, in the same manner as the original appointment was made. If a member of the joint committee ceases to be a Member of the House of Representatives or the Senate, as the case may be, the member is no longer a member of the joint committee and a vacancy shall exist. (4) ADMINISTRATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be disbursed by the Senate the actual and necessary expenses of the joint committee approved by the cochairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate. (B) EXPENSES .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year such sums as may be necessary, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate on vouchers signed by the cochairs. 
(C) Q UORUM .—Nine members of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for purposes of voting and meeting, and 5 members of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for holding hearings. (D) VOTING .—No proxy voting shall be allowed on behalf of the members of the joint committee. (E) MEETINGS .— (i) INITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act, the joint committee shall hold its first meeting. (ii) AGENDA .—The cochairs of the joint committee shall provide an agenda to the joint committee members not less than 48 hours in advance of any meeting. (F) HEARINGS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The joint committee may, for the purpose of carrying out this section, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, require attendance of witnesses and production of books, papers, and documents, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the joint committee considers advisable. (ii) HEARING PROCEDURES AND RESPONSIBIL ITIES OF CO CHAIRS .— (I) ANNOUNCEMENT .—The cochairs of the joint committee shall make a public announcement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted, not less than 7 days in advance of such hearing, unless the co chairs determine that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date. (II) EQUAL REPRESENTATION OF WITNESSES .— Each cochair shall be entitled to select an equal number of witnesses for each hearing held by the joint committee. (III) WRITTEN STATEMENT .—A witness appearing before the joint committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony at least 2 calendar days before the appearance of the witness, unless the requirement is waived by the co chairs, following their determination that there is good cause for failure to comply with such requirement. (G) MINIMUM NUMBER OF PUBLIC MEETINGS  
AND HEARINGS .—The joint committee shall hold— (i) not less than a total of 5 public meetings or public hearings; and (ii) not less than 3 public hearings, which may include field hearings. (H) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon written request of the cochairs, a Federal agency, including legislative branch agencies, shall provide technical assistance to the joint committee in order for the joint committee to carry out its duties. (I) STAFFING .— (i) DETAILS .—Employees of the legislative branch may be detailed to the joint committee on a nonreimbursable basis. (ii) STAFF DIRECTOR .—The cochairs, acting jointly, may designate one such employee as staff director of the joint committee. (c) ETHICAL STANDARDS .—Members on the joint committee who serve in the House of Representatives shall be governed by the ethics rules and requirements of the House. Members of the Senate who serve on the joint committee shall comply with the ethics rules of the Senate. (d) TERMINATION .—The joint committee shall terminate on December 31, 2018 or 30 days after submission of its report and legislative recommendations pursuant to this section whichever occurs first. 
To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be paid not more than $500,000 from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations’’ of the Senate, such sums to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, in accordance with Senate rules and procedures, upon vouchers signed by the cochairs. The funds authorized under this section shall be available during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on January 2, 2019. SEC. 30424. CONSIDERATION OF JOINT COMMITTEE BILL IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NTRODUCTION .—Upon receipt of proposed legislative language approved in accordance with section 30422(b)(2)(B)(ii), the language shall be introduced in the Senate (by request) on the next day on which the Senate is in session by the Majority Leader of the Senate or by a Member of the Senate designated by the Majority Leader of the Senate. (b) COMMITTEE CONSIDERATION .—A joint committee bill introduced in the Senate under subsection (a) shall be jointly referred to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, which committees shall report the bill without any revision and with a favorable recommendation, an unfavorable recommendation, or without recommendation, no later than 7 session days after introduction of the bill. If either committee fails to report the bill within that period, that committee shall be automatically discharged from consideration of the bill, and the bill shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (c) MOTION TO PROCEED TO CONSIDERATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order, not later than 2 days of session after the date on which a joint committee bill is reported or discharged from the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, for the Majority Leader of the Senate or the Majority Leader’s designee to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill. It shall also be in order for any Member of the Senate to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill at any time after the conclusion of such 2day period. (2) CONSIDERATION OF MOTION .—Consider ation of the motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill and all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith shall not exceed 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the Majority and Minority Leaders or their designees. A motion to further limit debate is in order, shall require an affirmative vote of threefifths of Members duly chosen and sworn, and is not debatable. (3) VOTE THRESHOLD .—The motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill shall only be agreed to upon an affirmative vote of threefifths of Members duly chosen and sworn. (4) LIMITATIONS .—The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. All points of order against the motion to proceed to the joint committee bill are waived. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. (5) DEADLINE .—Not later than the last day of the 115th Congress, the Senate shall vote on a motion to proceed to the joint committee bill. (6) COMPANION MEASURES .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘joint committee bill’’ includes a bill of the House of Representatives that is a companion measure to the joint committee bill introduced in the Senate. (d) RULES OF SENATE .—This section is enacted by Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of the Senate, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in the Senate in the case of a joint committee bill, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitutional right of the Senate to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of the Senate) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the Senate. Subtitle B—Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform SEC. 30441. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle— (1) the term ‘‘joint committee’’ means the Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform established under section 30442(a); and (2) the term ‘‘joint committee bill’’ means a bill consisting of the proposed legislative language of the joint committee recommended in accordance with section 30442(b)(2)(B)(ii) and introduced under section 30444(a). 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE .—There is established a joint select committee of Congress to be known as the ‘‘Joint Select Committee on Budget and Appropriations Process Reform’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) GOAL.—The goal of the joint committee is to reform the budget and appropriations process. (2) DUTIES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The joint committee shall provide recommendations and legislative language that will significantly reform the budget and appropriations process. (B) REPORT , RECOMMENDATIONS , AND LEGISLA TIVE LANGUAGE .— (i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the joint committee shall vote on— (I) a report that contains a detailed statement of the findings, conclusions, and recommendations of the joint committee; and (II) proposed legislative language to carry out the recommendations described in subclause (I). (ii) APPROVAL OF REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE  
LANGUAGE .— (I) IN GENERAL .—The report of the joint committee and the proposed legislative language described in clause (i) shall only be approved upon receiving the votes of— (aa) a majority of joint committee members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate; and (bb) a majority of joint committee members appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate. (II) AVAILABILITY .—The text of any report and proposed legislative language shall be publicly available in electronic form at least 24 hours prior to its consideration. (iii) ADDITIONAL VIEWS .—A member of the joint committee who gives notice of an intention to file supplemental, minority, or additional views at the time of the final joint committee vote on the approval of the report and legislative language under clause (ii) shall be entitled to 2 calendar days after the day of such notice in which to file such views in writing with the cochairs. Such views shall then be included in the joint committee report and printed in the same volume, or part thereof, and their inclusion shall be noted on the cover of the report. In the absence of timely notice, the joint committee report may be printed and transmitted immediately without such views. (iv) TRANSMISSION OF REPORT AND LEGISLA TIVE LANGUAGE .—If the report and legislative language are approved by the joint committee pursuant to clause (ii), the joint committee shall submit the joint committee report and legislative language described in clause (i) to the President, the Vice President, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the majority and minority leaders of each House of Congress not later than 15 calendar days after such approval. (v) REPORT AND LEGISLATIVE LANGUAGE TO BE  
MADE PUBLIC .—Upon the approval of the joint committee report and legislative language pursuant to clause (ii), the joint committee shall promptly make the full report and legislative language, and a record of any vote, available to the public. 
(3) M EMBERSHIP .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The joint committee shall be composed of 16 members appointed pursuant to subparagraph (B). (B) APPOINTMENT .—Members of the joint committee shall be appointed as follows: (i) The Speaker of the House of Representatives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Representatives. (ii) The Minority Leader of the House of Representatives shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the House of Representatives. (iii) The Majority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the Senate. (iv) The Minority Leader of the Senate shall appoint 4 members from among Members of the Senate. (C) COCHAIRS .—Two of the appointed members of the joint committee will serve as co chairs. The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Majority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint one cochair, and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives and the Minority Leader of the Senate shall jointly appoint the second cochair. The co chairs shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (D) DATE.—Members of the joint committee shall be appointed not later than 14 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act. (E) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the joint committee. Any vacancy in the joint committee shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled not later than 14 calendar days after the date on which the vacancy occurs, in the same manner as the original appointment was made. If a member of the joint committee ceases to be a Member of the House of Representatives or the Senate, as the case may be, the member is no longer a member of the joint committee and a vacancy shall exist. (4) ADMINISTRATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be disbursed by the Senate the actual and necessary expenses of the joint committee approved by the cochairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate. (B) EXPENSES .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year such sums as may be necessary, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate on vouchers signed by the cochairs. (C) QUORUM .—Nine members of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for purposes of voting and meeting, and 5 members of the joint committee shall constitute a quorum for holding hearings. (D) VOTING .—No proxy voting shall be allowed on behalf of the members of the joint committee. (E) MEETINGS .— (i) INITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 calendar days after the date of enactment of this Act, the joint committee shall hold its first meeting. (ii) AGENDA .—The cochairs of the joint committee shall provide an agenda to the joint committee members not less than 48 hours in advance of any meeting. (F) HEARINGS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The joint committee may, for the purpose of carrying out this section, hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, require attendance of witnesses and production of books, papers, and documents, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths as the joint committee considers advisable. (ii) HEARING PROCEDURES AND RESPONSIBIL ITIES OF CO CHAIRS .— (I) ANNOUNCEMENT .—The cochairs of the joint committee shall make a public announcement of the date, place, time, and subject matter of any hearing to be conducted, not less than 7 days in advance of such hearing, unless the co chairs determine that there is good cause to begin such hearing at an earlier date. (II) EQUAL REPRESENTATION OF WITNESSES .— Each cochair shall be entitled to select an equal number of witnesses for each hearing held by the joint committee. (III) WRITTEN STATEMENT .—A witness appearing before the joint committee shall file a written statement of proposed testimony at least 2 calendar days before the appearance of the witness, unless the requirement is waived by the co chairs, following their determination that there is good cause for failure to comply with such requirement. (G) MINIMUM NUMBER OF PUBLIC MEETINGS  
AND HEARINGS .—The joint committee shall hold— (i) not less than a total of 5 public meetings or public hearings; and (ii) not less than 3 public hearings, which may include field hearings. (H) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Upon written request of the cochairs, a Federal agency, including legislative branch agencies, shall provide technical assistance to the joint committee in order for the joint committee to carry out its duties. (I) STAFFING .— (i) DETAILS .—Employees of the legislative branch may be detailed to the joint committee on a nonreimbursable basis. (ii) STAFF DIRECTOR .—The cochairs, acting jointly, may designate one such employee as staff director of the joint committee. (c) ETHICAL STANDARDS .—Members on the joint committee who serve in the House of Representatives shall be governed by the ethics rules and requirements of the House. Members of the Senate who serve on the joint committee shall comply with the ethics rules of the Senate. (d) TERMINATION .—The joint committee shall terminate on December 31, 2018 or 30 days after submission of its report and legislative recommendations pursuant to this section whichever occurs first. 
To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, there are authorized to be paid not more than $500,000 from the appropriations account for ‘‘Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations’’ of the Senate, such sums to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate, in accordance with Senate rules and procedures, upon vouchers signed by the cochairs. The funds authorized under this section shall be available during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on January 2, 2019. 
SEC. 30444. CONSIDERATION OF JOINT COMMITTEE BILL IN THE SENATE. 
(a) I NTRODUCTION .—Upon receipt of proposed legislative language approved in accordance with section 30442(b)(2)(B)(ii), the language shall be introduced in the Senate (by request) on the next day on which the Senate is in session by the Majority Leader of the Senate or by a Member of the Senate designated by the Majority Leader of the Senate. (b) COMMITTEE CONSIDERATION .—A joint committee bill introduced in the Senate under subsection (a) shall be referred to the Committee on the Budget, which shall report the bill without any revision and with a favorable recommendation, an unfavorable recommendation, or without recommendation, no later than 7 session days after introduction of the bill. If the Committee on the Budget fails to report the bill within that period, the committee shall be automatically discharged from consideration of the bill, and the bill shall be placed on the appropriate calendar. (c) MOTION TO PROCEED TO CONSIDERATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, it is in order, not later than 2 days of session after the date on which a joint committee bill is reported or discharged from the Committee on the Budget, for the Majority Leader of the Senate or the Majority Leader’s designee to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill. It shall also be in order for any Member of the Senate to move to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill at any time after the conclusion of such 2day period. (2) CONSIDERATION OF MOTION .—Consider ation of the motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill and all debatable motions and appeals in connection therewith shall not exceed 10 hours, which shall be divided equally between the Majority and Minority Leaders or their designees. A motion to further limit debate is in order, shall require an affirmative vote of threefifths of Members duly chosen and sworn, and is not debatable. (3) VOTE THRESHOLD .—The motion to proceed to the consideration of the joint committee bill shall only be agreed to upon an affirmative vote of threefifths of Members duly chosen and sworn. (4) LIMITATIONS .—The motion is not subject to a motion to postpone. All points of order against the motion to proceed to the joint committee bill are waived. A motion to reconsider the vote by which the motion is agreed to or disagreed to shall not be in order. (5) DEADLINE .—Not later than the last day of the 115th Congress, the Senate shall vote on a motion to proceed to the joint committee bill. (d) RULES OF SENATE .—This section is enacted by Congress— (1) as an exercise of the rulemaking power of the Senate, and as such is deemed a part of the rules of the Senate, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in the Senate in the case of a joint committee bill, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and (2) with full recognition of the constitutional right of the Senate to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of the Senate) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of the Senate. DIVISION D—REVENUE MEASURES 
The table of contents for this division is as follows: DIVISION D—REVENUE MEASURES Sec. 40001. Table of contents. TITLE I—EXTENSION OF EXPIRING PROVISIONS Sec. 40101. Amendment of Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Tax Relief for Families and Individuals Sec. 40201. Extension of exclusion from gross income of discharge of qualified principal residence indebtedness. Sec. 40202. Extension of mortgage insurance premiums treated as qualified residence interest. Sec. 40203. Extension of abovetheline deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses. Subtitle B—Incentives for Growth, Jobs, Investment, and Innovation Sec. 40301. Extension of Indian employment tax credit. Sec. 40302. Extension of railroad track maintenance credit. Sec. 40303. Extension of mine rescue team training credit. Sec. 40304. Extension of classification of certain race horses as 3year property. Sec. 40305. Extension of 7year recovery period for motorsports entertainment complexes. Sec. 40306. Extension of accelerated depreciation for business property on an Indian reservation. 
Sec. 40307. Extension of election to expense mine safety equipment. Sec. 40308. Extension of special expensing rules for certain productions. Sec. 40309. Extension of deduction allowable with respect to income attributable to domestic production activities in Puerto Rico. Sec. 40310. Extension of special rule relating to qualified timber gain. Sec. 40311. Extension of empowerment zone tax incentives. Sec. 40312. Extension of American Samoa economic development credit. Subtitle C—Incentives for Energy Production and Conservation Sec. 40401. Extension of credit for nonbusiness energy property. Sec. 40402. Extension and modification of credit for residential energy property. Sec. 40403. Extension of credit for new qualified fuel cell motor vehicles. Sec. 40404. Extension of credit for alternative fuel vehicle refueling property. Sec. 40405. Extension of credit for 2wheeled plugin electric vehicles. Sec. 40406. Extension of second generation biofuel producer credit. Sec. 40407. Extension of biodiesel and renewable diesel incentives. Sec. 40408. Extension of production credit for Indian coal facilities. Sec. 40409. Extension of credits with respect to facilities producing energy from certain renewable resources. Sec. 40410. Extension of credit for energyefficient new homes. Sec. 40411. Extension and phaseout of energy credit. Sec. 40412. Extension of special allowance for second generation biofuel plant property. Sec. 40413. Extension of energy efficient commercial buildings deduction. Sec. 40414. Extension of special rule for sales or dispositions to implement FERC or State electric restructuring policy for qualified electric utilities. Sec. 40415. Extension of excise tax credits relating to alternative fuels. Sec. 40416. Extension of Oil Spill Liability Trust Fund financing rate. Subtitle D—Modifications of Energy Incentives Sec. 40501. Modifications of credit for production from advanced nuclear power facilities. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 41101. Amendment of Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Sec. 41102. Modifications to rum cover over. Sec. 41103. Extension of waiver of limitations with respect to excluding from gross income amounts received by wrongfully incarcerated individuals. Sec. 41104. Individuals held harmless on improper levy on retirement plans. Sec. 41105. Modification of user fee requirements for installment agreements. Sec. 41106. Form 1040SR for seniors. Sec. 41107. Attorneys fees relating to awards to whistleblowers. Sec. 41108. Clarification of whistleblower awards. Sec. 41109. Clarification regarding excise tax based on investment income of private colleges and universities. Sec. 41110. Exception from private foundation excess business holding tax for independentlyoperated philanthropic business holdings. Sec. 41111. Rule of construction for Craft Beverage Modernization and Tax Reform. Sec. 41112. Simplification of rules regarding records, statements, and returns. Sec. 41113. Modification of rules governing hardship distributions. Sec. 41114. Modification of rules relating to hardship withdrawals from cash or deferred arrangements. Sec. 41115. Opportunity Zones rule for Puerto Rico. Sec. 41116. Tax home of certain citizens or residents of the United States living abroad. Sec. 41117. Treatment of foreign persons for returns relating to payments made in settlement of payment card and third party network transactions. Sec. 41118. Repeal of shift in time of payment of corporate estimated taxes. Sec. 41119. Enhancement of carbon dioxide sequestration credit. TITLE I—EXTENSION OF EXPIRING PROVISIONS 
SEC. 40101. AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Subtitle A—Tax Relief for Families and Individuals 
SEC. 40201. EXTENSION OF EXCLUSION FROM GROSS INCOME OF DISCHARGE OF QUALIFIED PRINCIPAL RESIDENCE INDEBTEDNESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108(a)(1)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to discharges of indebtedness after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40202. EXTENSION OF MORTGAGE INSURANCE PREMIUMS TREATED AS QUALIFIED RESIDENCE INTEREST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subclause (I) of section 163(h)(3)(E)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid or accrued after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40203. EXTENSION OF ABOVETHELINE DEDUCTION FOR QUALIFIED TUITION AND RELATED EXPENSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(e) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. Subtitle B—Incentives for Growth, Jobs, Investment, and Innovation 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45A(f) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45G(f) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendment made by this section shall apply to expenditures paid or incurred in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. (2) SAFE HARBOR ASSIGNMENTS .—Assignments, including related expenditures paid or incurred, under paragraph (2) of section 45G(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for taxable years ending after January 1, 2017, and before January 1, 2018, shall be treated as effective as of the close of such taxable year if made pursuant to a written agreement entered into no later than 90 days following the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 40303. EXTENSION OF MINE RESCUE TEAM TRAINING CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45N(e) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40304. EXTENSION OF CLASSIFICATION OF CERTAIN RACE HORSES AS 3YEAR PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(e)(3)(A)(i) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ in subclause (I) and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ in subclause (II) and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40305. EXTENSION OF 7YEAR RECOVERY PERIOD FOR MOTORSPORTS ENTERTAINMENT COMPLEXES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(i)(15)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40306. EXTENSION OF ACCELERATED DEPRECIATION FOR BUSINESS PROPERTY ON AN INDIAN RESERVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(j)(9) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40307. EXTENSION OF ELECTION TO EXPENSE MINE SAFETY EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 179E(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40308. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL EXPENSING RULES FOR CERTAIN PRODUCTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 181(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to productions commencing after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40309. EXTENSION OF DEDUCTION ALLOWABLE WITH RESPECT TO INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO DOMESTIC PRODUCTION ACTIVITIES IN PUERTO RICO. 
For purposes of applying section 199(d)(8)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to taxable years beginning during 2017, such section shall be applied— (1) by substituting ‘‘first 12 taxable years’’ for ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’, and (2) by substituting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ for ‘‘January 1, 2017’’. 
SEC. 40310. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE RELATING TO QUALIFIED TIMBER GAIN. 
For purposes of applying section 1201(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to taxable years beginning during 2017, such section shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2016 or 2017’’ for ‘‘2016’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) EXTENSION .—Section 1391(d)(1)(A)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN TERMINATION  
DATES SPECIFIED IN NOMINATIONS .—In the case of a designation of an empowerment zone the nomination for which included a termination 
date which is contemporaneous with the date specified in subparagraph (A)(i) of section 1391(d)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect before the enactment of this Act), subparagraph (B) of such section shall not apply with respect to such designation if, after the date of the enactment of this section, the entity which made such nomination amends the nomination to provide for a new termination date in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s designee) may provide. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(1) shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40312. EXTENSION OF AMERICAN SAMOA ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 119 of division A of the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 is amended— (1) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’, (B) by striking ‘‘first 11 taxable years’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘first 12 taxable years’’, and (C) by striking ‘‘first 5 taxable years’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘first 6 taxable years’’, and (2) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘References in this subsection to section 199 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be treated as references to such section as in effect before its repeal.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016. Subtitle C—Incentives for Energy Production and Conservation 
SEC. 40401. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR NONBUSINESS ENERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25C(g)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40402. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF CREDIT FOR RESIDENTIAL ENERGY PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 25D(h) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021.’’. (b) PHASEOUT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 25D(a) is amended by striking ‘‘the sum of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the sum of the applicable percentages of— ‘‘(1) the qualified solar electric property expenditures, ‘‘(2) the qualified solar water heating property expenditures, ‘‘(3) the qualified fuel cell property expenditures, ‘‘(4) the qualified small wind energy property expenditures, and ‘‘(5) the qualified geothermal heat pump property expenditures, made by the taxpayer during such year.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 25D(g) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2) of’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40403. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR NEW QUALIFIED FUEL CELL MOTOR VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30B(k)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property purchased after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40404. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR ALTERNATIVE FUEL VEHICLE REFUELING PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30C(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40405. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR 2 WHEELED PLUGIN ELECTRIC VEHICLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 30D(g)(3)(E)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to vehicles acquired after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40406. EXTENSION OF SECOND GENERATION BIOFUEL PRODUCER CREDIT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 40(b)(6)(J)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to qualified second generation biofuel production after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40407. EXTENSION OF BIODIESEL AND RENEWABLE DIESEL INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NCOME TAXCREDIT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (g) of section 40A is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2016. (b) EXCISE TAXINCENTIVES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6426(c)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) PAYMENTS .—Section 6427(e)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2016. (4) SPECIAL RULE FOR 2017 .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of any biodiesel mixture credit properly determined under section 6426(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the period beginning on January 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2017, such credit shall be allowed, and any refund or payment attributable to such credit (including any payment under section 6427(e) of such Code) shall be made, only in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide. Such Secretary shall issue guidance within 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act providing for a one time submission of claims covering periods described in the preceding sentence. Such guidance shall provide for a 180day period for the submission of such claims (in such manner as prescribed by such Secretary) to begin not later than 30 days after such guidance is issued. Such claims shall be paid by such Secretary not later than 60 days after receipt. If such Secretary has not paid pursuant to a claim filed under this subsection within 60 days after the date of the filing of such claim, the claim shall be paid with interest from such date determined by using the overpayment rate and method under section 6621 of such Code. 
SEC. 40408. EXTENSION OF PRODUCTION CREDIT FOR INDIAN COAL FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45(e)(10)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘11year period’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘12year period’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to coal produced after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40409. EXTENSION OF CREDITS WITH RESPECT TO FACILITIES PRODUCING ENERGY FROM CERTAIN RENEWABLE RESOURCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The following provisions of section 45(d) are each amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’: (1) Paragraph (2)(A). (2) Paragraph (3)(A). (3) Paragraph (4)(B). (4) Paragraph (6). (5) Paragraph (7). (6) Paragraph (9). (7) Paragraph (11)(B). (b) EXTENSION OF ELECTION TOTREAT QUALIFIED FACILITIES AS ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(5)(C)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2017. 
SEC. 40410. EXTENSION OF CREDIT FOR ENERGY EFFICIENT NEW HOMES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45L(g) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to homes acquired after December 31, 2016. 
(a) E XTENSION OF SOLAR AND THERMAL ENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(a)(3)(A) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘periods ending before January 1, 2017’’ in clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’, and (2) by striking ‘‘periods ending before January 1, 2017’’ in clause (vii) and inserting ‘‘property the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (b) PHASEOUT OF 30P ERCENT CREDIT RATE 
AND QUALIFIED SMALL WINDENERGY PROPERTY.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 48(a) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) PHASEOUT FOR FIBER OPTIC SOLAR , 
WIND ENERGY PROPERTY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), in the case of any qualified fuel cell property, qualified small wind property, or energy property described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to— ‘‘(i) in the case of any property the construction of which begins after December 31, 2019, and before January 1, 2021, 26 percent, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of any property the construction of which begins after December 31, 2020, and before January 1, 2022, 22 percent. ‘‘(B) PLACED IN SERVICE DEADLINE .—In the case of any energy property described in subparagraph (A) which is not placed in service before January 1, 2024, the energy percentage determined under paragraph (2) shall be equal to 0 percent.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 48(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (6) and (7)’’. (3) CLARIFICATION RELATING TO PHASEOUT FOR  
WIND FACILITIES .—Section 48(a)(5)(E) is amended by inserting ‘‘which is treated as energy property by reason of this paragraph’’ after ‘‘using wind to produce electricity’’. (c) EXTENSION OF QUALIFIED FUEL CELL PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(1)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (d) EXTENSION OF QUALIFIED MICROTURBINE  PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. (e) EXTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND POWER  SYSTEM PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(3)(A)(iv) is amended by striking ‘‘which is placed in service before January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which begins before January 1, 2022’’. (f) EXTENSION OF QUALIFIED SMALL WINDENERGY PROPERTY .—Section 48(c)(4)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘for any period after December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of which does not begin before January 1, 2022’’. 
(g) E FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to periods after December 31, 2016, under rules similar to the rules of section 48(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1990). (2) EXTENSION OF COMBINED HEAT AND POWER  
SYSTEM PROPERTY .—The amendment made by subsection (e) shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. (3) PHASEOUTS AND TERMINATIONS .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 40412. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL ALLOWANCE FOR SECOND GENERATION BIOFUEL PLANT PROPERTY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 168(l)(2)(D) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40413. EXTENSION OF ENERGY EFFICIENT COMMERCIAL BUILDINGS DEDUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 179D(h) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property placed in service after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40414. EXTENSION OF SPECIAL RULE FOR SALES OR DISPOSITIONS TO IMPLEMENT FERC OR STATE ELECTRIC RESTRUCTURING POLICY FOR QUALIFIED ELECTRIC UTILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 451(k)(3), as amended by section 13221 of Public Law 115–97, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to dispositions after December 31, 2016. 
SEC. 40415. EXTENSION OF EXCISE TAX CREDITS RELATING TO ALTERNATIVE FUELS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF ALTERNATIVE FUELS EXCISE  TAXCREDITS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Sections 6426(d)(5) and 6426(e)(3) are each amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (2) OUTLAY PAYMENTS FOR ALTERNATIVE  
FUELS .—Section 6427(e)(6)(C) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2016. (b) SPECIAL RULE FOR 2017.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of any alternative fuel credit properly determined under section 6426(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the period beginning on January 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2017, such credit shall be allowed, and any refund or payment attributable to such credit (including any payment under section 6427(e) of such Code) shall be made, only in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide. Such Secretary shall issue guidance within 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act providing for a one time submission of claims covering periods described in the preceding sentence. Such guidance shall provide for a 180day period for the submission of such claims (in such manner as prescribed by such Secretary) to begin not later than 30 days after such guidance is issued. Such claims shall be paid by such Secretary not later than 60 days after receipt. If such Secretary has not paid pursuant to a claim filed under this subsection within 60 days after the date of the filing of such claim, the claim shall be paid with interest from such date determined by using the overpayment rate and method under section 6621 of such Code. SEC. 40416. EXTENSION OF OIL SPILL LIABILITY TRUST FUND FINANCING RATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4611(f)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2018’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply on and after the first day of the first calendar month beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Modifications of Energy Incentives 
SEC. 40501. MODIFICATIONS OF CREDIT FOR PRODUCTION FROM ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER FACILITIES. 
(a) T REATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  AMOUNTS .—Section 45J(b) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or any amendment to’’ after ‘‘enactment of’’ in paragraph (4), and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) ALLOCATION OF UNUTILIZED LIMITA TION.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation shall be allocated by the Secretary under paragraph (3) as rapidly as is practicable after December 31, 2020— ‘‘(i) first to facilities placed in service on or before such date to the extent that such facilities did not receive an allocation equal to their full nameplate capacity, and ‘‘(ii) then to facilities placed in service after such date in the order in which such facilities are placed in service. ‘‘(B) UNUTILIZED NATIONAL MEGAWATT CAPAC ITY LIMITATION .—The term ‘unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation’ means the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(i) 6,000 megawatts, over ‘‘(ii) the aggregate amount of national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary before January 1, 2021, reduced by any amount of such limitation which was allocated to a facility which was not placed in service before such date. ‘‘(C) COORDINATION WITH OTHER PROVI SIONS .—In the case of any unutilized national megawatt capacity limitation allocated by the Secretary pursuant to this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such allocation shall be treated for purposes of this section in the same manner as an allocation of national megawatt capacity limitation, and ‘‘(ii) subsection (d)(1)(B) shall not apply to any facility which receives such allocation.’’. (b) TRANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  ENTITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 45J is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f), and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) TRANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—If, with respect to a credit under subsection (a) for any taxable year— ‘‘(A) a qualified public entity would be the taxpayer (but for this paragraph), and ‘‘(B) such entity elects the application of this paragraph for such taxable year with respect to all (or any portion specified in such election) of such credit, the eligible project partner specified in such election, and not the qualified public entity, shall be treated as the taxpayer for purposes of this title with respect to such credit (or such portion thereof). ‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) QUALIFIED PUBLIC ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified public entity’ means— ‘‘(i) a Federal, State, or local government entity, or any political subdivision, agency, or instrumentality thereof, ‘‘(ii) a mutual or cooperative electric company described in section 501(c)(12) or 1381(a)(2), or ‘‘(iii) a notforprofit electric utility which had or has received a loan or loan guarantee under the Rural Electrification Act of 1936. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE PROJECT PARTNER .—The term ‘eligible project partner’ means any person who— ‘‘(i) is responsible for, or participates in, the design or construction of the advanced nuclear power facility to which the credit under subsection (a) relates, ‘‘(ii) participates in the provision of the nuclear steam supply system to such facility, ‘‘(iii) participates in the provision of nuclear fuel to such facility, ‘‘(iv) is a financial institution providing financing for the construction or operation of such facility, or ‘‘(v) has an ownership interest in such facility. ‘‘(3) SPECIAL RULES .— ‘‘(A) APPLICATION TO PARTNERSHIPS .—In the case of a credit under subsection (a) which is determined at the partnership level— ‘‘(i) for purposes of paragraph (1)(A), a qualified public entity shall be treated as the taxpayer with respect to such entity’s distributive share of such credit, and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘eligible project partner’ shall include any partner of the partnership. ‘‘(B) TAXABLE YEAR IN WHICH CREDIT TAKEN  
INTO ACCOUNT .—In the case of any credit (or portion thereof) with respect to which an election is made under paragraph (1), such credit shall be taken into account in the first taxable year of the eligible project partner ending with, or after, the qualified public entity’s taxable year with respect to which the credit was determined. ‘‘(C) TREATMENT OF TRANSFER UNDER PRIVATE  
USE RULES .—For purposes of section 141(b)(1), any benefit derived by an eligible project partner in connection with an election under this subsection shall not be taken into account as a private business use.’’. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR PROCEEDS OF TRANSFERS  
FOR MUTUAL OR COOPERATIVE ELECTRIC COMPA NIES.—Section 501(c)(12) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) In the case of a mutual or cooperative electric company described in this paragraph or an organization described in section 1381(a)(2), income received or accrued in connection with an election under section 45J(e)(1) shall be treated as an amount collected from members for the sole purpose of meeting losses and expenses.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (1) TREATMENT OF UNUTILIZED LIMITATION  
AMOUNTS .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) TRANSFER OF CREDIT BY CERTAIN PUBLIC  
ENTITIES .—The amendments made by subsection (b) shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE II—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
SEC. 41101. AMENDMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(a) E XTENSION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7652(f)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2022’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to distilled spirits brought into the United States after December 31, 2016. (b) DETERMINATION OF TAXES ON RUM.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7652(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) DETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF TAXES  
the amount of taxes collected under section 5001(a)(1) shall be determined without regard to section 5001(c).’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to distilled spirits brought into the United States after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41103. EXTENSION OF WAIVER OF LIMITATIONS WITH RESPECT TO EXCLUDING FROM GROSS INCOME AMOUNTS RECEIVED BY WRONGFULLY INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 304(d) of the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes Act of 2015 (26 U.S.C. 139F note) is amended by striking ‘‘1 year’’ and inserting ‘‘3year’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 41104. INDIVIDUALS HELD HARMLESS ON IMPROPER LEVY ON RETIREMENT PLANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6343 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) INDIVIDUALS HELDHARMLESS ON WRONG FULLEVY, ETC. ONRETIREMENT PLAN.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that an individual’s account or benefit under an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) has been levied upon in a case to which subsection (b) or (d)(2)(A) applies and property or an amount of money is returned to the individual— ‘‘(A) the individual may contribute such property or an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(i) the amount of money so returned by the Secretary, and ‘‘(ii) interest paid under subsection (c) on such amount of money, into such eligible retirement plan if such contribution is permitted by the plan, or into an individual retirement plan (other than an endowment contract) to which a rollover contribution of a distribution from such eligible retirement plan is permitted, but only if such contribution is made not later than the due date (not including extensions) for filing the return of tax for the taxable year in which such property or amount of money is returned, and ‘‘(B) the Secretary shall, at the time such property or amount of money is returned, notify such individual that a contribution described in subparagraph (A) may be made. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT AS ROLLOVER .—The distribution on account of the levy and any contribution under paragraph (1) with respect to the return of such distribution shall be treated for purposes of this title as if such distribution and contribution were described in section 402(c), 402A(c)(3), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), 408A(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), whichever is applicable; except that— ‘‘(A) the contribution shall be treated as having been made for the taxable year in which the distribution on account of the levy occurred, and the interest paid under subsection (c) shall be treated as earnings within the plan after the contribution and shall not be included in gross income, and ‘‘(B) such contribution shall not be taken into account under section 408(d)(3)(B). ‘‘(3) REFUND , ETC., OF INCOME TAX ON LEVY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If any amount is includible in gross income for a taxable year by reason of a distribution on account of a levy referred to in paragraph (1) and any portion of such amount is treated as a rollover contribution under paragraph (2), any tax imposed by chapter 1 on such portion shall not be assessed, and if assessed shall be abated, and if collected shall be credited or refunded as an overpayment made on the due date for filing the return of tax for such taxable year. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a rollover contribution under this subsection which is made from an eligible retirement plan which is not a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account (within the meaning of section 402A) to a Roth IRA or a designated Roth account under an eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(4) INTEREST .—Notwithstanding subsection (d), interest shall be allowed under subsection (c) in a case in which the Secretary makes a determination described in subsection (d)(2)(A) with respect to a levy upon an individual retirement plan. ‘‘(5) TREATMENT OF INHERITED ACCOUNTS .— For purposes of paragraph (1)(A), section 408(d)(3)(C) shall be disregarded in determining whether an individual retirement plan is a plan to which a rollover contribution of a distribution from the plan levied upon is permitted.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to amounts paid under subsections (b), (c), and (d)(2)(A) of section 6343 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41105. MODIFICATION OF USER FEE REQUIREMENTS FOR INSTALLMENT AGREEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6159 is amended by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g) and by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) INSTALLMENT AGREEMENT FEES.— ‘‘(1) LIMITATION ON FEE AMOUNT .—The amount of any fee imposed on an installment agreement under this section may not exceed the amount of such fee as in effect on the date of the enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) WAIVER OR REIMBURSEMENT .—In the case of any taxpayer with an adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary)— ‘‘(A) if the taxpayer has agreed to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instrument, no fee shall be imposed on an installment agreement under this section, and ‘‘(B) if the taxpayer is unable to make payments under the installment agreement by electronic payment through a debit instrument, the Secretary shall, upon completion of the installment agreement, pay the taxpayer an amount equal to any such fees imposed.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to agreements entered into on or after the date which is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available a form, to be known as ‘‘Form 1040SR’’, for use by individuals to file the return of tax imposed by chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. Such form shall be as similar as practicable to Form 1040EZ, except that— (1) the form shall be available only to individuals who have attained age 65 as of the close of the taxable year, (2) the form may be used even if income for the taxable year includes— (A) social security benefits (as defined in section 86(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), (B) distributions from qualified retirement plans (as defined in section 4974(c) of such Code), annuities or other such deferred payment arrangements, (C) interest and dividends, or (D) capital gains and losses taken into account in determining adjusted net capital gain (as defined in section 1(h)(3) of such Code), and (3) the form shall be available without regard to the amount of any item of taxable income or the total amount of taxable income for the taxable year. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The form required by subsection (a) shall be made available for taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 41107. ATTORNEYS FEES RELATING TO AWARDS TO WHISTLEBLOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (21) of section 62(a) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(21) ATTORNEYS ’ FEES RELATING TO AWARDS  
TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any deduction allowable under this chapter for attorney fees and court costs paid by, or on behalf of, the taxpayer in connection with any award under— ‘‘(i) section 7623(b), or ‘‘(ii) in the case of taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, any action brought under— ‘‘(I) section 21F of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78u–6), ‘‘(II) a State law relating to false or fraudulent claims that meets the requirements described in section 1909(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396h(b)), or ‘‘(III) section 23 of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 26). ‘‘(B) MAY NOT EXCEED AWARD .—Subpara graph (A) shall not apply to any deduction in excess of the amount includible in the taxpayer’s gross income for the taxable year on account of such award.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PROCEEDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) PROCEEDS .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘proceeds’ includes— ‘‘(1) penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts provided under the internal revenue laws, and ‘‘(2) any proceeds arising from laws for which the Internal Revenue Service is authorized to administer, enforce, or investigate, including— ‘‘(A) criminal fines and civil forfeitures, and ‘‘(B) violations of reporting requirements.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by striking ‘‘collected proceeds (including penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts) resulting from the action’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds collected as a result of the action’’. (b) AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS DETERMINED WITHOUTREGARD TO AVAILABILITY .—Paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) of section 7623(b) are each amended by inserting ‘‘(determined without regard to whether such proceeds are available to the Secretary)’’ after ‘‘in response to such action’’. (c) DISPUTED AMOUNT THRESHOLD .—Section 7623(b)(5)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘tax, penalties, interest, additions to tax, and additional amounts’’ and inserting ‘‘proceeds’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to information provided before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act with respect to which a final determination for an award has not been made before such date of enactment. 
SEC. 41109. CLARIFICATION REGARDING EXCISE TAX BASED ON INVESTMENT INCOME OF PRIVATE COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b)(1) of section 4968, as added by section 13701(a) of Public Law 115–97, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘tuitionpaying’’ after ‘‘500’’ in subparagraph (A), and (2) by inserting ‘‘tuitionpaying’’ after ‘‘50 percent of the’’ in subparagraph (B). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41110. EXCEPTION FROM PRIVATE FOUNDATION EXCESS BUSINESS HOLDING TAX FOR INDEPENDENTLYOPERATED PHILANTHROPIC BUSINESS HOLDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4943 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN HOLDINGS LIMITED TO INDEPENDENTLY OPERATED PHILAN THROPIC BUSINESS .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a) shall not apply with respect to the holdings of a private foundation in any business enterprise which meets the requirements of paragraphs (2), (3), and (4) for the taxable year. ‘‘(2) OWNERSHIP .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if— ‘‘(A) 100 percent of the voting stock in the business enterprise is held by the private foundation at all times during the taxable year, and ‘‘(B) all the private foundation’s ownership interests in the business enterprise were acquired by means other than by purchase. ‘‘(3) ALL PROFITS TO CHARITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if the business enterprise, not later than 120 days after the close of the taxable year, distributes an amount equal to its net operating income for such taxable year to the private foundation. ‘‘(B) NET OPERATING INCOME .—For purposes of this paragraph, the net operating income of any business enterprise for any taxable year is an amount equal to the gross income of the business enterprise for the taxable year, reduced by the sum of— ‘‘(i) the deductions allowed by chapter 1 for the taxable year which are directly connected with the production of such income, ‘‘(ii) the tax imposed by chapter 1 on the business enterprise for the taxable year, and ‘‘(iii) an amount for a reasonable reserve for working capital and other business needs of the business enterprise. ‘‘(4) INDEPENDENT OPERATION .—The requirements of this paragraph are met if, at all times during the taxable year— ‘‘(A) no substantial contributor (as defined in section 4958(c)(3)(C)) to the private foundation or family member (as determined under section 4958(f)(4)) of such a contributor is a director, officer, trustee, manager, employee, or contractor of the business enterprise (or an individual having powers or responsibilities similar to any of the foregoing), ‘‘(B) at least a majority of the board of directors of the private foundation are persons who are not— ‘‘(i) directors or officers of the business enterprise, or ‘‘(ii) family members (as so determined) of a substantial contributor (as so defined) to the private foundation, and ‘‘(C) there is no loan outstanding from the business enterprise to a substantial contributor (as so defined) to the private foundation or to any family member of such a contributor (as so determined). ‘‘(5) CERTAIN DEEMED PRIVATE FOUNDATIONS  
EXCLUDED .—This subsection shall not apply to— ‘‘(A) any fund or organization treated as a private foundation for purposes of this section by reason of subsection (e) or (f), ‘‘(B) any trust described in section 4947(a)(1) (relating to charitable trusts), and ‘‘(C) any trust described in section 4947(a)(2) (relating to splitinterest trusts).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41111. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION FOR CRAFT BEVERAGE MODERNIZATION AND TAX REFORM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subpart A of part IX of subtitle C of title I of Public Law 115–97 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘Nothing in this subpart, the amendments made by this subpart, or any regulation promulgated under this subpart or the amendments made by this subpart, shall be construed to preempt, supersede, or otherwise limit or restrict any State, local, or tribal law that prohibits or regulates the production or sale of distilled spirits, wine, or malt beverages.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in Public Law 115–97. SEC. 41112. SIMPLIFICATION OF RULES REGARDING RECORDS, STATEMENTS, AND RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 5555 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this sentence, and before January 1, 2020, the Secretary shall permit a person to employ a unified system for any records, statements, and returns required to be kept, rendered, or made under this section for any beer produced in the brewery for which the tax imposed by section 5051 has been determined, including any beer which has been removed for consumption on the premises of the brewery.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall modify Treasury Regulation section 1.401(k)–1(d)(3)(iv)(E) to— (1) delete the 6month prohibition on contributions imposed by paragraph (2) thereof, and (2) make any other modifications necessary to carry out the purposes of section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The revised regulations under this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 41114. MODIFICATION OF RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP WITHDRAWALS FROM CASH OR DEFERRED ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(k) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(14) SPECIAL RULES RELATING TO HARDSHIP  
WITHDRAWALS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(B)(i)(IV)— ‘‘(A) AMOUNTS WHICH MAY BE WITHDRAWN .— The following amounts may be distributed upon hardship of the employee: ‘‘(i) Contributions to a profitsharing or stock bonus plan to which section 402(e)(3) applies. ‘‘(ii) Qualified nonelective contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(C)). ‘‘(iii) Qualified matching contributions described in paragraph (3)(D)(ii)(I). ‘‘(iv) Earnings on any contributions described in clause (i), (ii), or (iii). ‘‘(B) NO REQUIREMENT TO TAKE AVAILABLE  
LOAN .—A distribution shall not be treated as failing to be made upon the hardship of an employee solely because the employee does not take any available loan under the plan.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(IV) subject to the provisions of paragraph (14), upon hardship of the employee, or’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 1400Z–1 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) SPECIAL RULE FOR PUERTO RICO .—Each population census tract in Puerto Rico that is a low income community shall be deemed to be certified and designated as a qualified opportunity zone, effective on the date of the enactment of Public Law 115–97.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1400Z– 1(d)(1) is amended by inserting ‘‘and subsection (b)(3)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. 
SEC. 41116. TAX HOME OF CERTAIN CITIZENS OR RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES LIVING ABROAD. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (3) of section 911(d) is amended by inserting before the period at the end of the second sentence the following: ‘‘, unless such individual is serving in an area designated by the President of the United States by Executive order as a combat zone for purposes of section 112 in support of the Armed Forces of the United States’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41117. TREATMENT OF FOREIGN PERSONS FOR RETURNS RELATING TO PAYMENTS MADE IN SETTLEMENT OF PAYMENT CARD AND THIRD PARTY NETWORK TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6050W(d)(1)(B) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, a person with only a foreign address shall not be treated as a participating payee with respect to any payment settlement entity solely because such person receives payments from such payment settlement entity in dollars.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to returns for calendar years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 41118. REPEAL OF SHIFT IN TIME OF PAYMENT OF CORPORATE ESTIMATED TAXES. 
The Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 is amended by striking section 803 (relating to time for payment of corporate estimated taxes). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45Q is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL RULE.—For purposes of section 38, the carbon oxide sequestration credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(1) $20 per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(B) disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage and not used by the taxpayer as described in paragraph (2)(B), ‘‘(2) $10 per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(B)(i) used by the taxpayer as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or natural gas recovery project and disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage, or ‘‘(ii) utilized by the taxpayer in a manner described in subsection (f)(5), ‘‘(3) the applicable dollar amount (as determined under subsection (b)(1)) per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, during the 12year period beginning on the date the equipment was originally placed in service, and ‘‘(B) disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage and not used by the taxpayer as described in paragraph (4)(B), and ‘‘(4) the applicable dollar amount (as determined under subsection (b)(1)) per metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is— ‘‘(A) captured by the taxpayer using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, during the 12year period beginning on the date the equipment was originally placed in service, and ‘‘(B)(i) used by the taxpayer as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or natural gas recovery project and disposed of by the taxpayer in secure geological storage, or 
‘‘(ii) utilized by the taxpayer in a manner described in subsection (f)(5). ‘‘(b) APPLICABLE DOLLAR AMOUNT ; A DDITIONAL EQUIPMENT ; ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) APPLICABLE DOLLAR AMOUNT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The applicable dollar amount shall be an amount equal to— ‘‘(i) for any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2016 and before 2027— ‘‘(I) for purposes of paragraph (3) of subsection (a), the dollar amount established by linear interpolation between $22.66 and $50 for each calendar year during such period, and ‘‘(II) for purposes of paragraph (4) of such subsection, the dollar amount established by linear interpolation between $12.83 and $35 for each calendar year during such period, and ‘‘(ii) for any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2026— ‘‘(I) for purposes of paragraph (3) of subsection (a), an amount equal to the product of $50 and the inflation adjustment factor for such calendar year determined under section 43(b)(3)(B) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘2025’ for ‘1990’, and ‘‘(II) for purposes of paragraph (4) of such subsection, an amount equal to the product of $35 and the inflation adjustment factor for such calendar year determined under section 43(b)(3)(B) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘2025’ for ‘1990’. ‘‘(B) ROUNDING .—The applicable dollar amount determined under subparagraph (A) shall be rounded to the nearest cent. ‘‘(2) INSTALLATION OF ADDITIONAL CARBON  
CAPTURE EQUIPMENT ON EXISTING QUALIFIED FA CILITY .—In the case of a qualified facility placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, for which additional carbon capture equipment is placed in service on or after the date of the enactment of such Act, the amount of qualified carbon oxide which is captured by the taxpayer shall be equal to— ‘‘(A) for purposes of paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) of subsection (a), the lesser of— ‘‘(i) the total amount of qualified carbon oxide captured at such facility for the taxable year, or ‘‘(ii) the total amount of the carbon dioxide capture capacity of the carbon capture equipment in service at such facility on the day before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(B) for purposes of paragraphs (3)(A) and (4)(A) of such subsection, an amount (not less than zero) equal to the excess of— ‘‘(i) the amount described in clause (i) of subparagraph (A), over ‘‘(ii) the amount described in clause (ii) of such subparagraph. ‘‘(3) ELECTION .—For purposes of determining the carbon oxide sequestration credit under this section, a taxpayer may elect to have the dollar amounts applicable under paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) apply in lieu of the dollar amounts applicable under paragraph (3) or (4) of such subsection for each metric ton of qualified carbon oxide which is captured by the taxpayer using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. ‘‘(c) QUALIFIED CARBON OXIDE.—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified carbon oxide’ means— ‘‘(A) any carbon dioxide which— ‘‘(i) is captured from an industrial source by carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, ‘‘(ii) would otherwise be released into the atmosphere as industrial emission of greenhouse gas or lead to such release, and ‘‘(iii) is measured at the source of capture and verified at the point of disposal, injection, or utilization, ‘‘(B) any carbon dioxide or other carbon oxide which— ‘‘(i) is captured from an industrial source by carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, ‘‘(ii) would otherwise be released into the atmosphere as industrial emission of greenhouse gas or lead to such release, and ‘‘(iii) is measured at the source of capture and verified at the point of disposal, injection, or utilization, or ‘‘(C) in the case of a direct air capture facility, any carbon dioxide which— ‘‘(i) is captured directly from the ambient air, and ‘‘(ii) is measured at the source of capture and verified at the point of disposal, injection, or utilization. ‘‘(2) RECYCLED CARBON OXIDE .—The term ‘qualified carbon oxide’ includes the initial deposit of captured carbon oxide used as a tertiary injectant. Such term does not include carbon oxide that is recaptured, recycled, and reinjected as part of the enhanced oil and natural gas recovery process. ‘‘(d) QUALIFIED FACILITY .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘qualified facility’ means any industrial facility or direct air capture facility— ‘‘(1) the construction of which begins before January 1, 2024, and— ‘‘(A) construction of carbon capture equipment begins before such date, or ‘‘(B) the original planning and design for such facility includes installation of carbon capture equipment, and ‘‘(2) which captures— ‘‘(A) in the case of a facility which emits not more than 500,000 metric tons of carbon oxide into the atmosphere during the taxable year, not less than 25,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year which is utilized in a manner described in subsection (f)(5), ‘‘(B) in the case of an electricity generating facility which is not described in subparagraph (A), not less than 500,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year, or ‘‘(C) in the case of a direct air capture facility or any facility not described in subparagraph (A) or (B), not less than 100,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) DIRECT AIR CAPTURE FACILITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘direct air capture facility’ means any facility which uses carbon capture equipment to capture carbon dioxide directly from the ambient air. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—The term ‘direct air capture facility’ shall not include any facility which captures carbon dioxide— ‘‘(i) which is deliberately released from naturally occurring subsurface springs, or ‘‘(ii) using natural photosynthesis. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED ENHANCED OIL OR NATURAL  
GAS RECOVERY PROJECT .—The term ‘qualified enhanced oil or natural gas recovery project’ has the meaning given the term ‘qualified enhanced oil recovery project’ by section 43(c)(2), by substituting ‘crude oil or natural gas’ for ‘crude oil’ in subparagraph (A)(i) thereof. ‘‘(3) TERTIARY INJECTANT .—The term ‘tertiary injectant’ has the same meaning as when used within section 193(b)(1). ‘‘(f) SPECIAL RULES.— ‘‘(1) ONLY QUALIFIED CARBON OXIDE CAPTURED  
STATES TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—The credit under this section shall apply only with respect to qualified carbon oxide the capture and disposal, use, or utilization of which is within— ‘‘(A) the United States (within the meaning of section 638(1)), or ‘‘(B) a possession of the United States (within the meaning of section 638(2)). ‘‘(2) SECURE GEOLOGICAL STORAGE .—The Sec retary, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, the Secretary of Energy, and the Secretary of the Interior, shall establish regulations for determining adequate security measures for the geological storage of qualified carbon oxide under subsection (a) such that the qualified carbon oxide does not escape into the atmosphere. Such term shall include storage at deep saline formations, oil and gas reservoirs, and unminable coal seams under such conditions as the Secretary may determine under such regulations. ‘‘(3) CREDIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO TAXPAYER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B) or in any regulations prescribed by the Secretary, any credit under this section shall be attributable to— ‘‘(i) in the case of qualified carbon oxide captured using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the person that captures and physically or contractually ensures the disposal, utilization, or use as a tertiary injectant of such qualified carbon oxide, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of qualified carbon oxide captured using carbon capture equipment which is originally placed in service at a qualified facility on or after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the person that owns the carbon capture equipment and physically or contractually ensures the capture and disposal, utilization, or use as a tertiary injectant of such qualified carbon oxide. ‘‘(B) ELECTION .—If the person described in subparagraph (A) makes an election under this subparagraph in such time and manner as the Secretary may prescribe by regulations, the credit under this section— ‘‘(i) shall be allowable to the person that disposes of the qualified carbon oxide, utilizes the qualified carbon oxide, or uses the qualified carbon oxide as a tertiary injectant, and ‘‘(ii) shall not be allowable to the person described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(4) RECAPTURE .—The Secretary shall, by regulations, provide for recapturing the benefit of any credit allowable under subsection (a) with respect to any qualified carbon oxide which ceases to be captured, disposed of, or used as a tertiary injectant in a manner consistent with the requirements of this section. ‘‘(5) UTILIZATION OF QUALIFIED CARBON  
OXIDE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this section, utilization of qualified carbon oxide means— ‘‘(i) the fixation of such qualified carbon oxide through photosynthesis or chemosynthesis, such as through the growing of algae or bacteria, ‘‘(ii) the chemical conversion of such qualified carbon oxide to a material or chemical compound in which such qualified carbon oxide is securely stored, or ‘‘(iii) the use of such qualified carbon oxide for any other purpose for which a commercial market exists (with the exception of use as a tertiary injectant in a qualified enhanced oil or natural gas recovery project), as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) MEASUREMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of determining the amount of qualified carbon oxide utilized by the taxpayer under paragraph (2)(B)(ii) or (4)(B)(ii) of subsection (a), such amount shall be equal to the metric tons of qualified carbon oxide which the taxpayer demonstrates, based upon an analysis of lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions and subject to such requirements as the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, determines appropriate, were— ‘‘(I) captured and permanently isolated from the atmosphere, or ‘‘(II) displaced from being emitted into the atmosphere, through use of a process described in subparagraph (A). 
‘‘(ii) L IFECYCLE GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS .— For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘lifecycle greenhouse gas emissions’ has the same meaning given such term under subparagraph (H) of section 211(o)(1) of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7545(o)(1)), as in effect on the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, except that ‘product’ shall be substituted for ‘fuel’ each place it appears in such subparagraph. ‘‘(6) ELECTION FOR APPLICABLE FACILITIES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this section, in the case of an applicable facility, for any taxable year in which such facility captures not less than 500,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide during the taxable year, the person described in paragraph (3)(A)(ii) may elect to have such facility, and any carbon capture equipment placed in service at such facility, deemed as having been placed in service on the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) APPLICABLE FACILITY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable facility’ means a qualified facility— ‘‘(i) which was placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(ii) for which no taxpayer claimed a credit under this section in regards to such facility for any taxable year ending before the date of the enactment of such Act. ‘‘(7) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any taxable year beginning in a calendar year after 2009, there shall be substituted for each dollar amount contained in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(B) the inflation adjustment factor for such calendar year determined under section 43(b)(3)(B) for such calendar year, determined by substituting ‘2008’ for ‘1990’. ‘‘(g) APPLICATION OF SECTION FOR CERTAIN  CARBON CAPTURE EQUIPMENT .—In the case of any carbon capture equipment placed in service before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, the credit under this section shall apply with respect to qualified carbon oxide captured using such equipment before the end of the calendar year in which the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, certifies that, during the period beginning after October 3, 2008, a total of 75,000,000 metric tons of qualified carbon oxide have been taken into account in accordance with— ‘‘(1) subsection (a) of this section, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(2) paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a) of this section. ‘‘(h) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary may prescribe such regulations and other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out this section, including regulations or other guidance to— ‘‘(1) ensure proper allocation under subsection (a) for qualified carbon oxide captured by a taxpayer during the taxable year ending after the date of the enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, and ‘‘(2) determine whether a facility satisfies the requirements under subsection (d)(1) during such taxable year.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. DIVISION E—HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES EXTENDERS 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services (ACCESS) Act’’ (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this division is as follows: DIVISION E—HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES EXTENDERS Sec. 50100. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—CHIP Sec. 50101. Funding extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program through fiscal year 2027. Sec. 50102. Extension of pediatric quality measures program. Sec. 50103. Extension of outreach and enrollment program. TITLE II—MEDICARE EXTENDERS Sec. 50201. Extension of work GPCI floor. Sec. 50202. Repeal of Medicare payment cap for therapy services; limitation to ensure appropriate therapy. Sec. 50203. Medicare ambulance services. Sec. 50204. Extension of increased inpatient hospital payment adjustment for certain lowvolume hospitals. Sec. 50205. Extension of the Medicaredependent hospital (MDH) program. Sec. 50206. Extension of funding for quality measure endorsement, input, and selection; reporting requirements. Sec. 50207. Extension of funding outreach and assistance for lowincome programs; State health insurance assistance program reporting requirements. Sec. 50208. Extension of home health rural add on. TITLE III—CREATING HIGHQUALITY RESULTS AND OUTCOMES NECESSARY TO IMPROVE CHRONIC (CHRONIC) CARE Subtitle A—Receiving High Quality Care in the Home Sec. 50301. Extending the Independence at Home Demonstration Program. Sec. 50302. Expanding access to home dialysis therapy. Subtitle B—Advancing TeamBased Care Sec. 50311. Providing continued access to Medicare Advantage special needs plans for vulnerable populations. Subtitle C—Expanding Innovation and Technology Sec. 50321. Adapting benefits to meet the needs of chronically ill Medicare Advantage enrollees. Sec. 50322. Expanding supplemental benefits to meet the needs of chronically ill Medicare Advantage enrollees. Sec. 50323. Increasing convenience for Medicare Advantage enrollees through telehealth. Sec. 50324. Providing accountable care organizations the ability to expand the use of telehealth. Sec. 50325. Expanding the use of telehealth for individuals with stroke. Subtitle D—Identifying the Chronically Ill Population Sec. 50331. Providing flexibility for beneficiaries to be part of an accountable care organization. Subtitle E—Empowering Individuals and Caregivers in Care Delivery Sec. 50341. Eliminating barriers to care coordination under accountable care organizations. Sec. 50342. GAO study and report on longitudinal comprehensive care planning services under Medicare part B. Subtitle F—Other Policies to Improve Care for the Chronically Ill Sec. 50351. GAO study and report on improving medication synchronization. Sec. 50352. GAO study and report on impact of obesity drugs on patient health and spending. Sec. 50353. HHS study and report on longterm risk factors for chronic conditions among Medicare beneficiaries. Sec. 50354. Providing prescription drug plans with parts A and B claims data to promote the appropriate use of medications and improve health outcomes. TITLE IV—PART B IMPROVEMENT ACT AND OTHER PART B ENHANCEMENTS Subtitle A—Medicare Part B Improvement Act Sec. 50401. Home infusion therapy services temporary transitional payment. Sec. 50402. Orthotist’s and prosthetist’s clinical notes as part of the patient’s medical record. Sec. 50403. Independent accreditation for dialysis facilities and assurance of high quality surveys. Sec. 50404. Modernizing the application of the Stark rule under Medicare. Subtitle B—Additional Medicare Provisions Sec. 50411. Making permanent the removal of the rental cap for durable medical equipment under Medicare with respect to speech generating devices. Sec. 50412. Increased civil and criminal penalties and increased sentences for Federal health care program fraud and abuse. Sec. 50413. Reducing the volume of future EHR related significant hardship requests. Sec. 50414. Strengthening rules in case of competition for diabetic testing strips. TITLE V—OTHER HEALTH EXTENDERS Sec. 50501. Extension for familytofamily health information centers. Sec. 50502. Extension for sexual risk avoidance education. Sec. 50503. Extension for personal responsibility education. TITLE VI—CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES AND SUPPORTS EXTENDERS Subtitle A—Continuing the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program Sec. 50601. Continuing evidencebased home visiting program. Sec. 50602. Continuing to demonstrate results to help families. Sec. 50603. Reviewing statewide needs to target resources. Sec. 50604. Improving the likelihood of success in highrisk communities. Sec. 50605. Option to fund evidencebased home visiting on a pay for outcome basis. Sec. 50606. Data exchange standards for improved interoperability. Sec. 50607. Allocation of funds. Subtitle B—Extension of Health Professions Workforce Demonstration Projects Sec. 50611. Extension of health workforce demonstration projects for lowincome individuals. TITLE VII—FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT Subtitle A—Investing in Prevention and Supporting Families Sec. 50701. Short title. Sec. 50702. Purpose. PART I—PREVENTION ACTIVITIES UNDER TITLE IV–E Sec. 50711. Foster care prevention services and programs. Sec. 50712. Foster care maintenance payments for children with parents in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility for substance abuse. Sec. 50713. Title IV–E payments for evidence based kinship navigator programs. 
PART II—E NHANCED SUPPORT UNDER TITLEIV– B Sec. 50721. Elimination of time limit for family reunification services while in foster care and permitting timelimited family reunification services when a child returns home from foster care. Sec. 50722. Reducing bureaucracy and unnecessary delays when placing children in homes across State lines. Sec. 50723. Enhancements to grants to improve wellbeing of families affected by substance abuse. PART III—MISCELLANEOUS  Sec. 50731. Reviewing and improving licensing standards for placement in a relative foster family home. Sec. 50732. Development of a statewide plan to prevent child abuse and neglect fatalities. Sec. 50733. Modernizing the title and purpose of title IV–E. Sec. 50734. Effective dates. PART IV—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A  PLACEMENT THATISNOT IN A FOSTER FAMILY  HOME Sec. 50741. Limitation on Federal financial participation for placements that are not in foster family homes. Sec. 50742. Assessment and documentation of the need for placement in a qualified residential treatment program. Sec. 50743. Protocols to prevent inappropriate diagnoses. Sec. 50744. Additional data and reports regarding children placed in a setting that is not a foster family home. Sec. 50745. Criminal records checks and checks of child abuse and neglect registries for adults working in child care institutions and other group care settings. Sec. 50746. Effective dates; application to waivers. PART V—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD AND  FAMILY SERVICES  Sec. 50751. Supporting and retaining foster families for children. Sec. 50752. Extension of child and family services programs. Sec. 50753. Improvements to the John H. Chafee foster care independence program and related provisions. PART VI—CONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES  
TOPROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIAN SHIP Sec. 50761. Reauthorizing adoption and legal guardianship incentive programs. PART VII—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS  Sec. 50771. Technical corrections to data exchange standards to improve program coordination. Sec. 50772. Technical corrections to State requirement to address the developmental needs of young children. PART VIII—ENSURING STATES REINVEST SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION  ASSISTANCE  Sec. 50781. Delay of adoption assistance phase in. Sec. 50782. GAO study and report on State reinvestment of savings resulting from increase in adoption assistance. TITLE VIII—SUPPORTING SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS Sec. 50801. Short title. Sec. 50802. Social impact partnerships to pay for results. TITLE IX—PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS Sec. 50901. Extension for community health centers, the National Health Service Corps, and teaching health centers that operate GME programs. Sec. 50902. Extension for special diabetes programs. TITLE X—MISCELLANEOUS HEALTH CARE POLICIES Sec. 51001. Home health payment reform. Sec. 51002. Information to satisfy documentation of Medicare eligibility for home health services. Sec. 51003. Technical amendments to Public Law 114–10. Sec. 51004. Expanded access to Medicare intensive cardiac rehabilitation programs. Sec. 51005. Extension of blended site neutral payment rate for certain long term care hospital discharges; temporary adjustment to site neutral payment rates. Sec. 51006. Recognition of attending physician assistants as attending physicians to serve hospice patients. Sec. 51007. Extension of enforcement instruction on supervision requirements for outpatient therapeutic services in critical access and small rural hospitals through 2017. Sec. 51008. Allowing physician assistants, nurse practitioners, and clinical nurse specialists to supervise cardiac, intensive cardiac, and pulmonary rehabilitation programs. Sec. 51009. Transitional payment rules for certain radiation therapy services under the physician fee schedule. TITLE XI—PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT Sec. 52001. Repeal of the Independent Payment Advisory Board. TITLE XII—OFFSETS Sec. 53101. Modifying reductions in Medicaid DSH allotments. Sec. 53102. Third party liability in Medicaid and CHIP. Sec. 53103. Treatment of lottery winnings and other lumpsum income for purposes of income eligibility under Medicaid. Sec. 53104. Rebate obligation with respect to line extension drugs. Sec. 53105. Medicaid Improvement Fund. Sec. 53106. Physician fee schedule update. Sec. 53107. Payment for outpatient physical therapy services and outpatient occupational therapy services furnished by a therapy assistant. Sec. 53108. Reduction for nonemergency ESRD ambulance transports. Sec. 53109. Hospital transfer policy for early discharges to hospice care. Sec. 53110. Medicare payment update for home health services. Sec. 53111. Medicare payment update for skilled nursing facilities. Sec. 53112. Preventing the artificial inflation of star ratings after the consolidation of Medicare Advantage plans offered by the same organization. Sec. 53113. Sunsetting exclusion of biosimilars from Medicare part D coverage gap discount program. Sec. 53114. Adjustments to Medicare part B and part D premium subsidies for higher income individuals. Sec. 53115. Medicare Improvement Fund. Sec. 53116. Closing the Donut Hole for Seniors. Sec. 53117. Modernizing child support enforcement fees. Sec. 53118. Increasing efficiency of prison data reporting. Sec. 53119. Prevention and Public Health Fund. TITLE I—CHIP 
SEC. 50101. FUNDING EXTENSION OF THE CHILDREN’S HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM THROUGH FISCAL YEAR 2027. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2104(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)), as amended by section 3002(a) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in paragraph (25), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (26), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(27) for each of fiscal years 2024 through 2026, such sums as are necessary to fund allotments to States under subsections (c) and (m); and ‘‘(28) for fiscal year 2027, for purposes of making two semiannual allotments— ‘‘(A) $7,650,000,000 for the period beginning on October 1, 2026, and ending on March 31, 2027; and ‘‘(B) $7,650,000,000 for the period beginning on April 1, 2027, and ending on September 30, 2027.’’. (b) ALLOTMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2104(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(m)), as amended by section 3002(b) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (A) in paragraph (2)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(25)’’ and inserting ‘‘(27)’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘, 2023, and 2027’’; and (iii) in clause (ii)(I), by striking ‘‘(or, in the case of fiscal year 2018, under paragraph (4))’’ and inserting ‘‘(or, in the case of fiscal year 2018 or 2024, under paragraph (4) or (10), respectively)’’; (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘or (10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10), or (11)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or 2023,’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, or 2027,’’; (C) in paragraph (7)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027,’’; and (ii) in the matter following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2022, fiscal year 2024, or fiscal year 2026’’; (D) in paragraph (9)— (i) by striking ‘‘or (10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(10), or (11)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘or 2023,’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, or 2027,’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(11) FOR FISCAL YEAR 2027.— ‘‘(A) FIRST HALF .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (28) of subsection (a) for the semiannual period described in such subparagraph, increased by the amount of the appropriation for such period under section 50101(b)(2) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semiannual period in an amount equal to the first half ratio (described in subparagraph (D)) of the amount described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) SECOND HALF .—Subject to paragraphs (5) and (7), from the amount made available under subparagraph (B) of paragraph (28) of subsection (a) for the semiannual period described in such subparagraph, the Secretary shall compute a State allotment for each State (including the District of Columbia and each commonwealth and territory) for such semiannual period in an amount equal to the amount made available under such subparagraph, multiplied by the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the amount of the allotment to such State under subparagraph (A); to ‘‘(ii) the total of the amount of all of the allotments made available under such subparagraph. ‘‘(C) FULL YEAR AMOUNT BASED ON REBASED  
AMOUNT .—The amount described in this subparagraph for a State is equal to the Federal payments to the State that are attributable to (and countable towards) the total amount of allotments available under this section to the 
State in fiscal year 2026 (including payments made to the State under subsection (n) for fiscal year 2026 as well as amounts redistributed to the State in fiscal year 2026), multiplied by the allotment increase factor under paragraph (6) for fiscal year 2027. ‘‘(D) FIRST HALF RATIO .—The first half ratio described in this subparagraph is the ratio of— ‘‘(i) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount made available under subsection (a)(28)(A); and ‘‘(II) the amount of the appropriation for such period under section 50101(b)(2) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act; to ‘‘(ii) the sum of— ‘‘(I) the amount described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) the amount made available under subsection (a)(28)(B).’’. (2) ONETIME APPROPRIATION FOR FISCAL YEAR  2027.—There is appropriated to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, such sums as are necessary to fund allotments to States under subsections (c) and (m) of section 2104 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) for fiscal year 2027, taking into account the full year amounts calculated for States under paragraph (11)(C) of subsection (m) of such section (as added by paragraph (1)) and the amounts appropriated under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(28) of such section (as added by subsection (a)). Such amount shall accompany the allotment made for the period beginning on October 1, 2026, and ending on March 31, 2027, under paragraph (28)(A) of section 2104(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(a)), to remain available until expended. Such amount shall be used to provide allotments to States under paragraph (11) of section 2104(m) of such Act for the first 6 months of fiscal year 2027 in the same manner as allotments are provided under subsection (a)(28)(A) of such section 2104 and subject to the same terms and conditions as apply to the allotments provided from such subsection (a)(28)(A). (c) EXTENSION OF THE CHILD ENROLLMENT  CONTINGENCY FUND.—Section 2104(n) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd(n)), as amended by section 3002(c) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘and 2018 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022, and 2024 through 2026’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, and 2027’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘and 2018 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 through 2022, and 2024 through 2026’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, and 2027’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘or in any of fiscal years 2018 through 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2018 through 2022, or fiscal years 2024 through 2026’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2023, or 2027’’. (d) EXTENSION OF QUALIFYING STATES OPTION.—Section 2105(g)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(g)(4)), as amended by section 3002(d) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘ THROUGH 2027’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. (e) EXTENSION OF EXPRESS LANEELIGIBILITY  OPTION .—Section 1902(e)(13)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(13)(I)), as amended by section 3002(e) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’. (f) ASSURANCE OF ELIGIBILITY STANDARD FOR  CHILDREN AND FAMILIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2105(d)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397ee(d)(3)), as amended by section 3002(f)(1) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2027’’; and (B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘2023’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2027’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 1902(gg)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(gg)(2)), as amended by section 3002(f)(2) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2027’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2023,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2027’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1139A(i)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a(i)(1)), as amended by section 3003(b) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) for the period of fiscal years 2024 through 2027, $60,000,000 for the purpose of carrying out this section (other than subsections (e), (f), and (g)).’’. (b) MAKING REPORTING MANDATORY .—Section 1139A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320b–9a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the heading for paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘
AND MANDATORY REPORTING ’’ after ‘‘ REPORTING ’’; (B) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) VOLUNTARY REPORTING .—Not later than’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) MANDATORY REPORTING .—Beginning with the annual State report on fiscal year 2024 required under subsection (c)(1), the Secretary shall require States to use the initial core measurement set and any updates or changes to that set to report information regarding the quality of pediatric health care under titles XIX and XXI using the standardized format for reporting information and procedures developed under subparagraph (A).’’; and (C) in paragraph (6)(B), by inserting ‘‘and, beginning with the report required on January 1, 2025, and for each annual report thereafter, the status of mandatory reporting by States under titles XIX and XXI, utilizing the initial core quality measurement set and any updates or changes to that set’’ before the semicolon; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by inserting ‘‘and, beginning with the annual report on fiscal year 2024, all of the core measures described in subsection (a) and any updates or changes to those measures’’ before the semicolon. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2113 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm), as amended by section 3004(a) of the HEALTHY KIDS Act (division C of Public Law 115–120), is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘2023’’ and inserting ‘‘2027’’; and (2) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘and $120,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘, $120,000,000’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and $48,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2024 through 2027’’ after ‘‘2023’’. (b) ADDITIONAL RESERVED FUNDS.—Section 2113(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (2) and (3)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) TEN PERCENT SET ASIDE FOR EVALUATING  
GRANTEES .—For the period of fiscal years 2024 through 2027, an amount equal to 10 percent of such amounts shall be used by the Secretary for the purpose of evaluating and providing technical assistance to eligible entities awarded grants under this section.’’. (c) USE OF RESERVED FUNDS FOR NATIONAL  ENROLLMENT AND RETENTION STRATEGIES .—Sec tion 2113(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397mm(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) the development of materials and toolkits and the provision of technical assistance to States regarding enrollment and retention strategies for eligible children under this title and title XIX; and’’. TITLE II—MEDICARE EXTENDERS 
Section 1848(e)(1)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(e)(1)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2020’’. 
SEC. 50202. REPEAL OF MEDICARE PAYMENT CAP FOR THERAPY SERVICES; LIMITATION TO ENSURE APPROPRIATE THERAPY. 
Section 1833(g) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; (B) in the subparagraph (A), as inserted and designated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to expenses incurred with respect to services furnished after December 31, 2017.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) With respect to services furnished during 2018 or a subsequent year, in the case of physical therapy services of the type described in section 1861(p), speechlanguage pathology services of the type described in such section through the application of section 1861(ll)(2), and physical therapy services and speechlanguage pathology services of such type which are furnished by a physician or as incident to physicians’ services, with respect to expenses incurred in any calendar year, any amount that is more than the amount specified in paragraph (2) for the year shall not be considered as incurred expenses for purposes of subsections (a) and (b) unless the applicable requirements of paragraph (7) are met.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) Subject to paragraphs (4) and (5)’’; (B) in the subparagraph (A), as inserted and designated by subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to expenses incurred with respect to services furnished after December 31, 2017.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph:. 
‘‘(B) With respect to services furnished during 2018 or a subsequent year, in the case of occupational therapy services (of the type that are described in section 1861(p) through the operation of section 1861(g) and of such type which are furnished by a physician or as incident to physicians’ services), with respect to expenses incurred in any calendar year, any amount that is more than the amount specified in paragraph (2) for the year shall not be considered as incurred expenses for purposes of subsections (a) and (b) unless the applicable requirements of paragraph (7) are met.’’; (3) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as paragraph (8) and moving such paragraph to immediately follow paragraph (7), as added by paragraph (4) of this section; and (B) in subparagraph (E)(iv), by inserting ‘‘, except as such process is applied under paragraph (7)(B)’’ before the period at the end; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) For purposes of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3)(B), with respect to services described in such paragraphs, the requirements described in this paragraph are as follows: ‘‘(A) INCLUSION OF APPROPRIATE MODIFIER .— The claim for such services contains an appropriate modifier (such as the KX modifier described in paragraph (5)(B)) indicating that such services are medically necessary as justified by appropriate documentation in the medical record involved. ‘‘(B) TARGETED MEDICAL REVIEW FOR CERTAIN  
SERVICES ABOVE THRESHOLD .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case where expenses that would be incurred for such services would exceed the threshold described in clause (ii) for the year, such services shall be subject to the process for medical review implemented under paragraph (5)(E). ‘‘(ii) THRESHOLD .—The threshold under this clause for— ‘‘(I) a year before 2028, is $3,000; ‘‘(II) 2028, is the amount specified in subclause (I) increased by the percentage increase in the MEI (as defined in section 1842(i)(3)) for 2028; and ‘‘(III) a subsequent year, is the amount specified in this clause for the preceding year increased by the percentage increase in the MEI (as defined in section 1842(i)(3)) for such subsequent year; except that if an increase under subclause (II) or (III) for a year is not a multiple of $10, it shall be rounded to the nearest multiple of $10. ‘‘(iii) APPLICATION .—The threshold under clause (ii) shall be applied separately— ‘‘(I) for physical therapy services and speech language pathology services; and ‘‘(II) for occupational therapy services. ‘‘(iv) FUNDING .—For purposes of carrying out this subparagraph, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account, of $5,000,000 for each fiscal year beginning with fiscal year 2018, to remain available until expended. Such funds may not be used by a contractor under section 1893(h) for medical reviews under this subparagraph.’’. 
(a) E XTENSION OF CERTAIN GROUND AMBULANCE ADDONPAYMENTS .— (1) GROUND AMBULANCE .—Section 1834(l)(13)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)(13)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’ each place it appears. (2) SUPER RURAL AMBULANCE .—Section 1834(l)(12)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)(12)(A)) is amended, in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) REQUIRING GROUND AMBULANCE PROVIDERS OF SERVICES AND SUPPLIERS TO SUBMIT  COST AND OTHER INFORMATION .—Section 1834(l) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(l)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(17) SUBMISSION OF COST AND OTHER INFOR MATION .— ‘‘(A) DEVELOPMENT OF DATA COLLECTION SYS TEM.—The Secretary shall develop a data collection system (which may include use of a cost survey) to collect cost, revenue, utilization, and other information determined appropriate by the Secretary with respect to providers of services (in this paragraph referred to as ‘providers’) and suppliers of ground ambulance services. Such system shall be designed to collect information— ‘‘(i) needed to evaluate the extent to which reported costs relate to payment rates under this subsection; ‘‘(ii) on the utilization of capital equipment and ambulance capacity, including information consistent with the type of information described in section 1121(a); and ‘‘(iii) on different types of ground ambulance services furnished in different geographic locations, including rural areas and low population density areas described in paragraph (12). ‘‘(B) SPECIFICATION OF DATA COLLECTION SYS TEM.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) not later than December 31, 2019, specify the data collection system under subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(II) identify the providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services that would be required to submit information under such data collection system, including the representative sample described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) DETERMINATION OF REPRESENTATIVE SAM PLE.— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, with respect to the data collection for the first year under such system, and for each subsequent year through 2024, the Secretary shall determine a representative sample to submit information under the data collection system. ‘‘(II) REQUIREMENTS .—The sample under subclause (I) shall be representative of the different types of providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services (such as those providers and suppliers that are part of an emergency service or part of a government organization) and the geographic locations in which ground ambulance services are furnished (such as urban, rural, and low population density areas). ‘‘(III) LIMITATION .—The Secretary shall not include an individual provider or supplier of ground ambulance services in the sample under subclause (I) in 2 consecutive years, to the extent practicable. ‘‘(C) REPORTING OF COST INFORMATION .—For each year, a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services identified by the Secretary under subparagraph (B)(i)(II) as being required to submit information under the data collection system with respect to a period for the year shall submit to the Secretary information specified under the system. Such information shall be submitted in a form and manner, and at a time, specified by the Secretary for purposes of this subparagraph. ‘‘(D) PAYMENT REDUCTION FOR FAILURE TO RE PORT.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Beginning January 1, 2022, subject to clause (ii), a 10 percent reduction to payments under this subsection shall be made for the applicable period (as defined in clause (ii)) to a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services that— ‘‘(I) is required to submit information under the data collection system with respect to a period under subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(II) does not sufficiently submit such information, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) APPLICABLE PERIOD DEFINED .—For pur poses of clause (i), the term ‘applicable period’ means, with respect to a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services, a year specified by the Secretary not more than 2 years after the end of the period with respect to which the Secretary has made a determination under clause (i)(II) that the provider or supplier of ground ambulance services failed to sufficiently submit information under the data collection system. ‘‘(iii) HARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—The Secretary may exempt a provider or supplier from the payment reduction under clause (i) with respect to an applicable period in the event of significant hardship, such as a natural disaster, bankruptcy, or other similar situation that the Secretary determines interfered with the ability of the provider or supplier of ground ambulance services to submit such information in a timely manner for the specified period. ‘‘(iv) INFORMAL REVIEW .—The Secretary shall establish a process under which a provider or supplier of ground ambulance services may seek an informal review of a determination that the provider or supplier is subject to the payment reduction under clause (i). ‘‘(E) ONGOING DATA COLLECTION .— ‘‘(i) REVISION OF DATA COLLECTION SYSTEM .— The Secretary may, as the Secretary determines appropriate and, if available, taking into consideration the report (or reports) under subparagraph (F), revise the data collection system under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) SUBSEQUENT DATA COLLECTION .—In order to continue to evaluate the extent to which reported costs relate to payment rates under this subsection and for other purposes the Secretary deems appropriate, the Secretary shall require providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services to submit information for years after 2024 as the Secretary determines appropriate, but in no case less often than once every 3 years. ‘‘(F) GROUND AMBULANCE DATA COLLECTION  
SYSTEM STUDY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2023, and as determined necessary by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission thereafter, such Commission shall assess, and submit to Congress a report on, information submitted by providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services through the data collection system under subparagraph (A), the adequacy of payments for ground ambulance services under this subsection, and geographic variations in the cost of furnishing such services. ‘‘(ii) CONTENTS .—A report under clause (i) shall contain the following: ‘‘(I) An analysis of information submitted through the data collection system. ‘‘(II) An analysis of any burden on providers and suppliers of ground ambulance services associated with the data collection system. ‘‘(III) A recommendation as to whether information should continue to be submitted through such data collection system or if such system should be revised under subparagraph (E)(i). ‘‘(IV) Other information determined appropriate by the Commission. ‘‘(G) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall post information on the results of the data collection under this paragraph on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(H) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement this paragraph through notice and comment rulemaking. ‘‘(I) ADMINISTRATION .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to the collection of information required under this subsection. ‘‘(J) LIMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—There shall be no administrative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of the data collection system or identification of respondents under this paragraph. ‘‘(K) FUNDING FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—For purposes of carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, of $15,000,000 to 
the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account for fiscal year 2018. Amounts transferred under this subparagraph shall remain available until expended.’’. 
SEC. 50204. EXTENSION OF INCREASED INPATIENT HOSPITAL PAYMENT ADJUSTMENT FOR CERTAIN LOWVOLUME HOSPITALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(12) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2023’’; (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘through 2017’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘through 2022’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘ and has less than 800 discharges’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following ‘‘and has— ‘‘(I) with respect to each of fiscal years 2005 through 2010, less than 800 discharges during the fiscal year; ‘‘(II) with respect to each of fiscal years 2011 through 2018, less than 1,600 discharges of individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A during the fiscal year or portion of fiscal year; ‘‘(III) with respect to each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, less than 3,800 discharges during the fiscal year; and ‘‘(IV) with respect to fiscal year 2023 and each subsequent fiscal year, less than 800 discharges during the fiscal year.’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) by striking ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (D)’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(except as provided in clause (i)(II) and subparagraph (D)(i))’’ after ‘‘regardless’’; and (3) in subparagraph (D)— (A) by striking ‘‘through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2022’’; (B) by striking ‘‘hospitals with 200 or fewer’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘hospitals— ‘‘(i) with respect to each of fiscal years 2011 through 2018, with 200 or fewer’’; (C) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or portion of fiscal year; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) with respect to each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, with 500 or fewer discharges in the fiscal year to 0 percent for lowvolume hospitals with greater than 3,800 discharges in the fiscal year.’’. (b) MEDPAC R EPORT ON EXTENSION OF INCREASED INPATIENT HOSPITAL PAYMENT ADJUST MENT FOR CERTAIN LOWVOLUME HOSPITALS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2022, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall submit to Congress a report on the extension of the increased inpatient hospital payment adjustment for certain lowvolume hospitals under section 1886(d)(12) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(12)) under the provisions of, and amendments made by, this section. (2) CONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include an evaluation of the effects of such extension on the following: (A) Beneficiary utilization of inpatient hospital services under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (B) The financial status of hospitals with a low volume of Medicare or total inpatient admissions. (C) Program spending under such title XVIII. (D) Other matters relevant to evaluating the effects of such extension. 
SEC. 50205. EXTENSION OF THE MEDICAREDEPENDENT HOSPITAL (MDH) PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(5)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(G)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; (2) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; and (3) in clause (iv), by striking subclause (I) and inserting the following new subclause: ‘‘(I) that is located in— ‘‘(aa) a rural area; or ‘‘(bb) a State with no rural area (as defined in paragraph (2)(D)) and satisfies any of the criteria in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of paragraph (8)(E)(ii),’’; and (4) by inserting after subclause (IV) the following new flush sentences: ‘‘Subclause (I)(bb) shall apply for purposes of payment under clause (ii) only for discharges of a hospital occurring on or after the effective date of a determination of medicaredependent small rural hospital status made by the Secretary with respect to the hospital after the date of the enactment of this sentence. For purposes of applying subclause (II) of paragraph (8)(E)(ii) under subclause (I)(bb), such subclause (II) shall be applied by inserting ‘as of January 1, 2018,’ after ‘such State’ each place it appears.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) EXTENSION OF TARGET AMOUNT .—Section 1886(b)(3)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(b)(3)(D)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2022’’; and (B) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2022’’. (2) PERMITTING HOSPITALS TO DECLINE RECLAS SIFICATION .—Section 13501(e)(2) of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note) is amended by striking ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2022’’. (c) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .— (1) STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on the medicaredependent, small rural hospital program under section 1886(d) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(d)). Such study shall include an analysis of the following: (A) The payor mix of medicaredependent, small rural hospitals (as defined in paragraph (5)(G)(iv) of such section 1886(d)), how such mix will trend in future years (based on current trends and projections), and whether or not the requirement under subclause (IV) of such paragraph should be revised. (B) The characteristics of medicaredependent, small rural hospitals that meet the requirement of such subclause (IV) through the application of paragraph (a)(iii)(A) or (a)(iii)(B) of section 412.108 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, including Medicare inpatient and outpatient utilization, payor mix, and financial status (including Medicare and total margins), and whether or not Medicare payments for such hospitals should be revised. (C) Such other items related to medicaredependent, small rural hospitals as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50206. EXTENSION OF FUNDING FOR QUALITY MEASURE ENDORSEMENT, INPUT, AND SELECTION; REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF FUNDING .—Section 1890(d)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa(d)(2)) is amended— (1) in the first sentence— (A) by striking ‘‘2014 and’’ and inserting ‘‘2014,’’; and (B) by inserting the following before the period: ‘‘, and $7,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Amounts transferred for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019 shall be in addition to any unobligated funds transferred for a preceding fiscal year that are available under the preceding sentence.’’ (b) ANNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY TO CONGRESS .—Section 1890 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) ANNUAL REPORT BY SECRETARY TO CONGRESS .—By not later than March 1 of each year (beginning with 2019), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: ‘‘(1) A comprehensive plan that identifies the quality measurement needs of programs and initiatives of the Secretary and provides a strategy for using the entity with a contract under subsection (a) and any other entity the Secretary has contracted with or may contract with to perform work associated with section 1890A to help meet those needs, specifically with respect to the programs under this title and title XIX. In years after the first plan under this paragraph is submitted, the requirements of this paragraph may be met by providing an update to the plan. ‘‘(2) The amount of funding provided under subsection (d) for purposes of carrying out this section and section 1890A that has been obligated by the Secretary, the amount of funding provided that has been expended, and the amount of funding provided that remains unobligated. ‘‘(3) With respect to the activities described under this section or section 1890A, a description of how the funds described in paragraph (2) have been obligated or expended, including how much of that funding has been obligated or expended for work performed by the Secretary, the entity with a contract under subsection (a), and any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work. ‘‘(4) A description of the activities for which the funds described in paragraph (2) were used, including task orders and activities assigned to the entity with a contract under subsection (a), activities performed by the Secretary, and task orders and activities assigned to any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work related to carrying out section 1890A. ‘‘(5) The amount of funding described in paragraph (2) that has been obligated or expended for each of the activities described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) Estimates for, and descriptions of, obligations and expenditures that the Secretary anticipates will be needed in the succeeding two year period to carry out each of the quality measurement activities required under this section and section 1890A, including any obligations that will require funds to be expended in a future year.’’. (c) REVISIONS TO ANNUAL REPORT FROM CONSENSUS BASED ENTITY TO CONGRESS AND THE  SECRETARY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1890(b)(5)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa(b)(5)(A)) is amended— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) through (vi) as subclauses (I) through (VI), respectively, and moving the margins accordingly; (B) in the matter preceding subclause (I), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘containing a description of—’’ and inserting ‘‘containing the following: ‘‘(i) A description of—’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(ii) An itemization of financial information for the fiscal year ending September 30 of the preceding year, including— 
‘‘(I) annual revenues of the entity (including any government funding, private sector contributions, grants, membership revenues, and investment revenue); ‘‘(II) annual expenses of the entity (including grants paid, benefits paid, salaries or other compensation, fundraising expenses, and overhead costs); and ‘‘(III) a breakdown of the amount awarded per contracted task order and the specific projects funded in each task order assigned to the entity. ‘‘(iii) Any updates or modifications of internal policies and procedures of the entity as they relate to the duties of the entity under this section, including— ‘‘(I) specifically identifying any modifications to the disclosure of interests and conflicts of interests for committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels of the entity; and ‘‘(II) information on external stakeholder participation in the duties of the entity under this section (including complete rosters for all committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels funded through government contracts, descriptions of relevant interests and any conflicts of interest for members of all committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels, and the total percentage by health care sector of all convened committees, work groups, task forces, and advisory panels.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to reports submitted for years beginning with 2019. (d) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .— (1) STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on health care quality measurement efforts funded under sections 1890 and 1890A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395aaa; 1395aaa–1). Such study shall include an examination of the following: (A) The extent to which the Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) has set and prioritized objectives to be achieved for each of the quality measurement activities required under such sections 1890 and 1890A. (B) The efforts that the Secretary has undertaken to meet quality measurement objectives associated with such sections 1890 and 1890A, including division of responsibilities for those efforts within the Department of Health and Human Services and through contracts with a consensusbased entity under subsection (a) of such section 1890 (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘consensusbased entity’’) and other entities, and the extent of any overlap among the work performed by the Secretary, the consensus based entity, the Measure Applications Partnership (MAP) convened by such entity to provide input to the Secretary on the selection of quality and efficiency measures, and any other entities the Secretary has contracted with to perform work related to carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A. (C) The total amount of funding provided to the Secretary for purposes of carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A, the amount of such funding that has been obligated or expended by the Secretary, and the amount of such funding that remains unobligated. (D) How the funds described in subparagraph (C) have been allocated, including how much of the funding has been allocated for work performed by the Secretary, the consensusbased entity, and any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work related to carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A, respectively, and descriptions of such work. (E) The extent to which the Secretary has developed a comprehensive and longterm plan to ensure that it can achieve quality measurement objectives related to carrying out such sections 1890 and 1890A in a timely manner and with efficient use of available resources, including the roles of the consensusbased entity, the Measure Applications Partnership (MAP), and any other entity the Secretary has contracted with to perform work related to such sections 1890 and 1890A in helping the Secretary achieve those objectives. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50207. EXTENSION OF FUNDING OUTREACH AND ASSISTANCE FOR LOWINCOME PROGRAMS; STATE HEALTH INSURANCE ASSISTANCE PROGRAM REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) F UNDING EXTENSIONS .— (1) ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR STATE HEALTH  
INSURANCE PROGRAMS .—Subsection (a)(1)(B) of section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–3 note), as amended by section 3306 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), section 610 of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240), section 1110 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67), section 110 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93), and section 208 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10) is amended— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $13,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $13,000,000.’’. (2) ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR AREA AGENCIES  
ON AGING .—Subsection (b)(1)(B) of such section 119, as so amended, is amended— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (vii) the following new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $7,500,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $7,500,000.’’. (3) ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR AGING AND DIS ABILITY RESOURCE CENTERS .—Subsection (c)(1)(B) of such section 119, as so amended, is amended— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (vii) the following new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $5,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $5,000,000.’’. (4) ADDITIONAL FUNDING FOR CONTRACT WITH  
THE NATIONAL CENTER FOR BENEFITS AND OUT REACH ENROLLMENT .—Subsection (d)(2) of such section 119, as so amended, is amended— (A) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by inserting after clause (vii) the following new clauses: ‘‘(viii) for fiscal year 2018, of $12,000,000; and ‘‘(ix) for fiscal year 2019, of $12,000,000.’’. (b) STATE HEALTH INSURANCE ASSISTANCE  PROGRAM REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Begin ning not later than April 1, 2019, and biennially thereafter, the Agency for Community Living shall electronically post on its website the following information, with respect to grants to States for State health insurance assistance programs, (such information to be presented by State and by entity receiving funds from the State to carry out such a program funded by such grant): (1) The amount of Federal funding provided to each such State for such program for the period involved and the amount of Federal funding provided by each such State for such program to each such entity for the period involved. (2) Information as the Secretary may specify, with respect to such programs carried out through such grants, consistent with the terms and conditions for receipt of such grants. SEC. 50208. EXTENSION OF HOME HEALTH RURAL ADDON. 
(a) E XTENSION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 421 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (Public Law 108–173; 117 Stat. 2283; 42 U.S.C. 1395fff note), as amended by section 5201(b) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (Public Law 109–171; 120 Stat. 46), section 3131(c) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148; 124 Stat. 428), and section 210 of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–10; 129 Stat. 151) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘January 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ each place it appears; (B) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (C) in each of subsections (c) and (d), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; and (D) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) SUBSEQUENT TEMPORARY INCREASE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall increase the payment amount otherwise made under such section 1895 for home health services furnished in a county (or equivalent area) in a rural area (as defined in such section 1886(d)(2)(D)) that, as determined by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) is in the highest quartile of all counties (or equivalent areas) based on the number of Medicare home health episodes furnished per 100 individuals who are entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act or enrolled for benefits under part B of such title (but not enrolled in a plan under part C of such title)— ‘‘(i) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2019, by 1.5 percent; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2020, by 0.5 percent; ‘‘(B) has a population density of 6 individuals or fewer per square mile of land area and is not described in subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2019, by 4 percent; ‘‘(ii) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2020, by 3 percent; ‘‘(iii) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2021, by 2 percent; and ‘‘(iv) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2022, by 1 percent; and ‘‘(C) is not described in either subparagraph (A) or (B)— ‘‘(i) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2019, by 3 percent; ‘‘(ii) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2020, by 2 percent; and ‘‘(iii) in the case of episodes and visits ending during 2021, by 1 percent. ‘‘(2) RULES FOR DETERMINATIONS .— ‘‘(A) NO SWITCHING .—For purposes of this subsection, the determination by the Secretary as to which subparagraph of paragraph (1) applies to a county (or equivalent area) shall be made a single time and shall apply for the duration of the period to which this subsection applies. ‘‘(B) UTILIZATION .—In determining which counties (or equivalent areas) are in the highest quartile under paragraph (1)(A), the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall use data from 2015. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary shall exclude data from the territories (and the territories shall not be described in such paragraph). ‘‘(iii) The Secretary may exclude data from counties (or equivalent areas) in rural areas with a low volume of home health episodes (and 
if data is so excluded with respect to a county (or equivalent area), such county (or equivalent area) shall not be described in such paragraph). ‘‘(C) POPULATION DENSITY .—In determining population density under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall use data from the 2010 decennial Census. ‘‘(3) LIMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—There shall be no administrative or judicial review under section 1869, section 1878, or otherwise of determinations under paragraph (1).’’. (2) REQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT COUNTY DATA ON  
CLAIM FORM .—Section 1895(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(c)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) in the case of home health services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, the claim contains the code for the county (or equivalent area) in which the home health service was furnished.’’. (b) HHS OIG ANALYSIS .—Not later than January 1, 2023, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress— (1) an analysis of the home health claims and utilization of home health services by county (or equivalent area) under the Medicare program; and (2) recommendations the Inspector General determines appropriate based on such analysis. TITLE III—CREATING HIGHQUALITY RESULTS AND OUTCOMES NECESSARY TO IMPROVE CHRONIC (CHRONIC) CARE Subtitle A—Receiving High Quality Care in the Home 
SEC. 50301. EXTENDING THE INDEPENDENCE AT HOME DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1866E of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395cc–5) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘An agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘Agreements’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘5year’’ and inserting ‘‘7 year’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘15,000’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘An applicable beneficiary that participates in the demonstration program by reason of the increase from 10,000 to 15,000 in the preceding sentence pursuant to the amendment made by section 50301(a)(1)(B)(i) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act shall be considered in the spending target estimates under paragraph (1) of subsection (c) and the incentive payment calculations under paragraph (2) of such subsection for the sixth and seventh years of such program.’’; (2) in subsection (g), in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘, including, to the extent practicable, with respect to the use of electronic health information systems, as described in subsection (b)(1)(A)(vi)’’ after ‘‘under the demonstration program’’; and (3) in subsection (i)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘will not receive an incentive payment for the second of 2’’ and inserting ‘‘did not achieve savings for the third of 3’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a)(3) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of Public Law 111–148. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1881(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively; (2) in clause (ii), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘on a comprehensive’’ and insert ‘‘subject to subparagraph (B), on a comprehensive’’; (3) by striking ‘‘With respect to’’ and inserting ‘‘(A) With respect to’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B)(i) For purposes of subparagraph (A)(ii), subject to clause (ii), an individual determined to have end stage renal disease receiving home dialysis may choose to receive monthly end stage renal diseaserelated clinical assessments furnished on or after January 1, 2019, via telehealth. ‘‘(ii) Clause (i) shall apply to an individual only if the individual receives a facetoface clinical assessment, without the use of telehealth— ‘‘(I) in the case of the initial 3 months of home dialysis of such individual, at least monthly; and ‘‘(II) after such initial 3 months, at least once every 3 consecutive months.’’. (b) ORIGINATING SITEREQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1834(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (4)(C)(ii), by adding at the end the following new subclauses: ‘‘(IX) A renal dialysis facility, but only for purposes of section 1881(b)(3)(B). ‘‘(X) The home of an individual, but only for purposes of section 1881(b)(3)(B).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) TREATMENT OF HOME DIALYSIS MONTHLY  
ESRDRELATED VISIT .—The geographic requirements described in paragraph (4)(C)(i) shall not apply with respect to telehealth services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, for purposes of section 1881(b)(3)(B), at an originating site described in subclause (VI), (IX), or (X) of paragraph (4)(C)(ii).’’. (2) NO FACILITY FEE IF ORIGINATING SITE FOR  
HOME DIALYSIS THERAPY IS THE HOME .—Section 1834(m)(2)(B) of the Social Security (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), and indenting appropriately; (B) in subclause (II), as redesignated by subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘clause (i) or this clause’’ and inserting ‘‘subclause (I) or this subclause’’; (C) by striking ‘‘
SITE.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), with respect to’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) NO FACILITY FEE IF ORIGINATING SITE FOR  
HOME DIALYSIS THERAPY IS THE HOME .—No facil ity fee shall be paid under this subparagraph to an originating site described in paragraph (4)(C)(ii)(X).’’. (c) CLARIFICATION REGARDING TELEHEALTH  PROVIDED TO BENEFICIARIES .—Section 1128A(i)(6) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a(i)(6)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (I), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(J) the provision of telehealth technologies (as defined by the Secretary) on or after January 1, 2019, by a provider of services or a renal dialysis facility (as such terms are defined for purposes of title XVIII) to an individual with end stage renal disease who is receiving home dialysis for which payment is being made under part B of such title, if— ‘‘(i) the telehealth technologies are not offered as part of any advertisement or solicitation; ‘‘(ii) the telehealth technologies are provided for the purpose of furnishing telehealth services related to the individual’s end stage renal disease; and ‘‘(iii) the provision of the telehealth technologies meets any other requirements set forth in regulations promulgated by the Secretary.’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1881(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)(i)’’. Subtitle B—Advancing TeamBased Care 
SEC. 50311. PROVIDING CONTINUED ACCESS TO MEDICARE ADVANTAGE SPECIAL NEEDS PLANS FOR VULNERABLE POPULATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1859(f)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘and for periods before January 1, 2019’’. (b) INCREASED INTEGRATION OF DUALSNP S.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1859(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) The plan meets the requirements applicable under paragraph (8).’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) INCREASED INTEGRATION OF DUAL SNPS .— ‘‘(A) DESIGNATED CONTACT .—The Secretary, acting through the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office established under section 2602 of Public Law 111–148, shall serve as a dedicated point of contact for States to address misalignments that arise with the integration of specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) under this paragraph and, consistent with such role, shall establish— ‘‘(i) a uniform process for disseminating to State Medicaid agencies information under this title impacting contracts between such agencies and such plans under this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) basic resources for States interested in exploring such plans as a platform for integration, such as a model contract or other tools to achieve those goals. ‘‘(B) UNIFIED GRIEVANCES AND APPEALS PROC ESS.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary shall establish procedures, to the extent feasible as determined by the Secretary, unifying grievances and appeals procedures under sections 1852(f), 1852(g), 1902(a)(3), 1902(a)(5), and 1932(b)(4) for items and services provided by specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) under this title and title XIX. With respect to items and services described in the preceding sentence, procedures established under this clause shall apply in place of otherwise applicable grievances and appeals procedures. The Secretary shall solicit comment in developing such procedures from States, plans, beneficiaries and their representatives, and other relevant stakeholders. ‘‘(ii) PROCEDURES .—The procedures established under clause (i) shall be included in the plan contract under paragraph (3)(D) and shall— ‘‘(I) adopt the provisions for the enrollee that are most protective for the enrollee and, to the extent feasible as determined by the Secretary, are compatible with unified timeframes and consolidated access to external review under an integrated process; ‘‘(II) take into account differences in State plans under title XIX to the extent necessary; ‘‘(III) be easily navigable by an enrollee; and ‘‘(IV) include the elements described in clause (iii), as applicable. ‘‘(iii) ELEMENTS DESCRIBED .—Both unified appeals and unified grievance procedures shall include, as applicable, the following elements described in this clause: ‘‘(I) Single written notification of all applicable grievances and appeal rights under this title and title XIX. For purposes of this subparagraph, the Secretary may waive the requirements under section 1852(g)(1)(B) when the specialized MA plan covers items or services under this part or under title XIX. 
‘‘(II) Single pathways for resolution of any grievance or appeal related to a particular item or service provided by specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) under this title and title XIX. ‘‘(III) Notices written in plain language and available in a language and format that is accessible to the enrollee, including in nonEnglish languages that are prevalent in the service area of the specialized MA plan. ‘‘(IV) Unified timeframes for grievances and appeals processes, such as an individual’s filing of a grievance or appeal, a plan’s acknowledgment and resolution of a grievance or appeal, and notification of decisions with respect to a grievance or appeal. ‘‘(V) Requirements for how the plan must process, track, and resolve grievances and appeals, to ensure beneficiaries are notified on a timely basis of decisions that are made throughout the grievance or appeals process and are able to easily determine the status of a grievance or appeal. ‘‘(iv) CONTINUATION OF BENEFITS PENDING AP PEAL.—The unified procedures under clause (i) shall, with respect to all benefits under parts A and B and title XIX subject to appeal under such procedures, incorporate provisions under current law and implementing regulations that provide continuation of benefits pending appeal under this title and title XIX. ‘‘(C) REQUIREMENT FOR UNIFIED GRIEVANCES  
AND APPEALS .—For 2021 and subsequent years, the contract of a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) with a State Medicaid agency under paragraph (3)(D) shall require the use of unified grievances and appeals procedures as described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(D) REQUIREMENTS FOR INTEGRATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For 2021 and subsequent years, a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) shall meet one or more of the following requirements, to the extent permitted under State law, for integration of benefits under this title and title XIX: ‘‘(I) The specialized MA plan must meet the requirements of contracting with the State Medicaid agency described in paragraph (3)(D) in addition to coordinating longterm services and supports or behavioral health services, or both, by meeting an additional minimum set of requirements determined by the Secretary through the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office established under section 2602 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act based on input from stakeholders, such as notifying the State in a timely manner of hospitalizations, emergency room visits, and hospital or nursing home discharges of enrollees, assigning one primary care provider for each enrollee, or sharing data that would benefit the coordination of items and services under this title and the State plan under title XIX. Such minimum set of requirements must be included in the contract of the specialized MA plan with the State Medicaid agency under such paragraph. ‘‘(II) The specialized MA plan must meet the requirements of a fully integrated plan described in section 1853(a)(1)(B)(iv)(II) (other than the requirement that the plan have similar average levels of frailty, as determined by the Secretary, as the PACE program), or enter into a capitated contract with the State Medicaid agency to provide longterm services and supports or behavioral health services, or both. ‘‘(III) In the case of a specialized MA plan that is offered by a parent organization that is also the parent organization of a Medicaid managed care organization providing long term services and supports or behavioral services under a contract under section 1903(m), the parent organization must assume clinical and financial responsibility for benefits provided under this title and title XIX with respect to any individual who is enrolled in both the specialized MA plan and the Medicaid managed care organization. ‘‘(ii) SUSPENSION OF ENROLLMENT FOR FAILURE  
TO MEET REQUIREMENTS DURING INITIAL PE RIOD.—During the period of plan years 2021 through 2025, if the Secretary determines that a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) has failed to comply with clause (i), the Secretary may provide for the application against the Medicare Advantage organization offering the plan of the remedy described in section 1857(g)(2)(B) in the same manner as the Secretary may apply such remedy, and in accordance with the same procedures as would apply, in the case of an MA organization determined by the Secretary to have engaged in conduct described in section 1857(g)(1). If the Secretary applies such remedy to a Medicare Advantage organization under the preceding sentence, the organization shall submit to the Secretary (at a time, and in a form and manner, specified by the Secretary) information describing how the plan will come into compliance with clause (i). ‘‘(E) STUDY AND REPORT TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 15, 2022, and, subject to clause (iii), biennially thereafter through 2032, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission established under section 1805, in consultation with the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission established under section 1900, shall conduct (and submit to the Secretary and the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on) a study to determine how specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) perform among each other based on data from Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS) quality measures, reported on the plan level, as required under section 1852(e)(3) (or such other measures or data sources that are available and appropriate, such as encounter data and Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems data, as specified by such Commissions as enabling an accurate evaluation under this subparagraph). Such study shall include, as feasible, the following comparison groups of specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii): ‘‘(I) A comparison group of such plans that are described in subparagraph (D)(i)(I). ‘‘(II) A comparison group of such plans that are described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II). ‘‘(III) A comparison group of such plans operating within the Financial Alignment Initiative demonstration for the period for which such plan is so operating and the demonstration is in effect, and, in the case that an integration option that is not with respect to specialized MA plans for special needs individuals is established after the conclusion of the demonstration involved. ‘‘(IV) A comparison group of such plans that are described in subparagraph (D)(i)(III). ‘‘(V) A comparison group of MA plans, as feasible, not described in a previous subclause of this clause, with respect to the performance of such plans for enrollees who are special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii). ‘‘(ii) ADDITIONAL REPORTS .—Beginning with 2033 and every five years thereafter, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission, in consultation with the Medicaid and CHIP Payment and Access Commission, shall conduct a study described in clause (i).’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO RESPONSIBIL ITIES OF FEDERAL COORDINATED HEALTH CARE  
OFFICE .—Section 2602(d) of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1315b(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) To act as a designated contact for States under subsection (f)(8)(A) of section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) with respect to the integration of specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) of such section. ‘‘(7) To be responsible, subject to the final approval of the Secretary, for developing regulations and guidance related to the implementation of a unified grievance and appeals process as described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of section 1859(f)(8) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(8)). ‘‘(8) To be responsible, subject to the final approval of the Secretary, for developing regulations and guidance related to the integration or alignment of policy and oversight under the Medicare program under title XVIII of such Act and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act regarding specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(ii) of such section 1859.’’. (c) IMPROVEMENTS TO SEVERE OR DISABLING  CHRONIC CONDITION SNP S.— (1) CARE MANAGEMENT REQUIREMENTS .—Sec tion 1859(f)(5) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)(5)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘
ALL SNPS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the requirements’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (C) in clause (ii), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by redesignating clauses (i) through (iii) as subclauses (I) through (III), respectively, and indenting appropriately; and (D) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) IMPROVEMENTS TO CARE MANAGEMENT  
REQUIREMENTS FOR SEVERE OR DISABLING CHRON IC CONDITION SNPS .—For 2020 and subsequent years, in the case of a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6)(B)(iii), the requirements described in this paragraph include the following: ‘‘(i) The interdisciplinary team under subparagraph (A)(ii)(III) includes a team of providers with demonstrated expertise, including training in an applicable specialty, in treating individuals similar to the targeted population of the plan. ‘‘(ii) Requirements developed by the Secretary to provide facetoface encounters with individuals enrolled in the plan not less frequently than on an annual basis. ‘‘(iii) As part of the model of care under clause (i) of subparagraph (A), the results of the initial assessment and annual reassessment under clause (ii)(I) of such subparagraph of each individual enrolled in the plan are addressed in the individual’s individualized care plan under clause (ii)(II) of such subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) As part of the annual evaluation and approval of such model of care, the Secretary shall take into account whether the plan fulfilled the previous year’s goals (as required under the model of care). ‘‘(v) The Secretary shall establish a minimum benchmark for each element of the model of care of a plan. The Secretary shall only approve a plan’s model of care under this paragraph if each element of the model of care meets the minimum benchmark applicable under the preceding sentence.’’. (2) REVISIONS TO THE DEFINITION OF A SEVERE  
NEEDS INDIVIDUAL .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 1859(b)(6)(B)(iii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 28(b)(6)(B)(iii)) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘who have’’ and inserting ‘‘who— ‘‘(I) before January 1, 2022, have’’; (ii) in subclause (I), as added by clause (i), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(II) on or after January 1, 2022, have one or more comorbid and medically complex chronic conditions that is life threatening or significantly limits overall health or function, have a high risk of hospitalization or other adverse health outcomes, and require intensive care coordination and that is listed under subsection (f)(9)(A).’’. 
(B) P ANEL OF CLINICAL ADVISORS .—Section 1859(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(f)), as amended by subsection (b), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) LIST OF CONDITIONS FOR CLARIFICATION  
CHRONIC CONDITIONS SPECIALIZED NEEDS INDI VIDUAL .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2020, and every 5 years thereafter, subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary shall convene a panel of clinical advisors to establish and update a list of conditions that meet each of the following criteria: ‘‘(i) Conditions that meet the definition of a severe or disabling chronic condition under subsection (b)(6)(B)(iii) on or after January 1, 2022. ‘‘(ii) Conditions that require prescription drugs, providers, and models of care that are unique to the specific population of enrollees in a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals described in such subsection on or after such date and— ‘‘(I) as a result of access to, and enrollment in, such a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals, individuals with such condition would have a reasonable expectation of slowing or halting the progression of the disease, improving health outcomes and decreasing overall costs for individuals diagnosed with such condition compared to available options of care other than through such a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals; or ‘‘(II) have a low prevalence in the general population of beneficiaries under this title or a disproportionally high perbeneficiary cost under this title. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION OF CERTAIN CONDITIONS .—The conditions listed under subparagraph (A) shall include HIV/AIDS, end stage renal disease, and chronic and disabling mental illness. ‘‘(C) REQUIREMENT .—In establishing and updating the list under subparagraph (A), the panel shall take into account the availability of varied benefits, costsharing, and supplemental benefits under the model described in paragraph (2) of section 1859(h), including the expansion under paragraph (1) of such section.’’. (d) QUALITY MEASUREMENT AT THE PLAN LEVEL FOR SNP S AND DETERMINATION OF  FEASABILITY OF QUALITY MEASUREMENT AT THE  PLAN LEVEL FOR ALLMA P LANS.—Section 1853(o) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) QUALITY MEASUREMENT AT THE PLAN  
LEVEL FOR SNPS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary may require reporting of data under section 1852(e) for, and apply under this subsection, quality measures at the plan level for specialized MA plans for special needs individuals instead of at the contract level. ‘‘(B) CONSIDERATIONS .—Prior to applying quality measurement at the plan level under this paragraph, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) take into consideration the minimum number of enrollees in a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals in order to determine if a statistically significant or valid measurement of quality at the plan level is possible under this paragraph; ‘‘(ii) take into consideration the impact of such application on plans that serve a disproportionate number of individuals dually eligible for benefits under this title and under title XIX; ‘‘(iii) if quality measures are reported at the plan level, ensure that MA plans are not required to provide duplicative information; and ‘‘(iv) ensure that such reporting does not interfere with the collection of encounter data submitted by MA organizations or the administration of any changes to the program under this part as a result of the collection of such data. ‘‘(C) APPLICATION .—If the Secretary applies quality measurement at the plan level under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) such quality measurement may include Medicare Health Outcomes Survey (HOS), Healthcare Effectiveness Data and Information Set (HEDIS), Consumer Assessment of Healthcare Providers and Systems (CAHPS) measures and quality measures under part D; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall consider applying administrative actions, such as remedies described in section 1857(g)(2), at the plan level. ‘‘(7) DETERMINATION OF FEASIBILITY OF QUAL ITY MEASUREMENT AT THE PLAN LEVEL FOR ALL  
MA PLANS .— ‘‘(A) DETERMINATION OF FEASIBILITY .—The Secretary shall determine the feasibility of requiring reporting of data under section 1852(e) for, and applying under this subsection, quality measures at the plan level for all MA plans under this part. ‘‘(B) CONSIDERATION OF CHANGE .—After making a determination under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consider requiring such reporting and applying such quality measures at the plan level as described in such subparagraph’’. (e) GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON STATELEVEL INTEGRATION BETWEEN DUAL SNP S AND MEDICAID .— (1) STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on Statelevel integration between specialized MA plans for special needs individuals described in subsection (b)(6) (B)(ii) of section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). Such study shall include an analysis of the following: (A) The characteristics of States in which the State agency responsible for administering the State plan under such title XIX has a contract with such a specialized MA plan and that delivers longterm services and supports under the State plan under such title XIX through a managed care program, including the requirements under such State plan with respect to longterm services and supports. (B) The types of such specialized MA plans, which may include the following: (i) A plan described in section 1853(a)(1)(B)(iv)(II) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(a)(1)(B)(iv)(II)). (ii) A plan that meets the requirements described in subsection (f)(3)(D) of such section 1859. (iii) A plan described in clause (ii) that also meets additional requirements established by the State. (C) The characteristics of individuals enrolled in such specialized MA plans. (D) As practicable, the following with respect to State programs for the delivery of longterm services and supports under such title XIX through a managed care program: (i) Which populations of individuals are eligible to receive such services and supports. (ii) Whether all such services and supports are provided on a capitated basis or if any of such services and supports are carved out and provided through feefor service. (E) As practicable, how the availability and variation of integration arrangements of such specialized MA plans offered in States affects spending, service delivery options, access to communitybased care, and utilization of care. (F) The efforts of State Medicaid programs to transition duallyeligible beneficiaries receiving longterm services and supports (LTSS) from institutional settings to home and community based settings and related financial impacts of such transitions. (G) Barriers and opportunities for making further progress on dual integration, as well as recommendations for legislation or administrative action to expedite or refine pathways toward fully integrated care. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. Subtitle C—Expanding Innovation and Technology 
SEC. 50321. ADAPTING BENEFITS TO MEET THE NEEDS OF CHRONICALLY ILL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE ENROLLEES. 
Section 1859 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) NATIONAL TESTING OF MEDICARE ADVAN TAGE VALUEBASED INSURANCE DESIGN  MODEL .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In implementing the Medicare Advantage ValueBased Insurance Design model that is being tested under section 1115A(b), the Secretary shall revise the testing of the model under such section to cover, effective not later than January 1, 2020, all States. ‘‘(2) TERMINATION AND MODIFICATION PROVI SION NOT APPLICABLE UNTIL JANUARY 1 , 2022.— The provisions of section 1115A(b)(3)(B) shall apply to the Medicare Advantage ValueBased Insurance Design model, including such model as revised under paragraph (1), beginning January 1, 2022, but shall not apply to such model, as so revised, prior to such date. ‘‘(3) FUNDING .—The Secretary shall allocate funds made available under section 1115A(f)(1) to design, implement, and evaluate the Medicare Advantage ValueBased Insurance Design model, as revised under paragraph (1).’’. 
SEC. 50322. EXPANDING SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS TO MEET THE NEEDS OF CHRONICALLY ILL MEDICARE ADVANTAGE ENROLLEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1852(a)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22(a)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Each’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subparagraph (D), each’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) EXPANDING SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS TO  
MEET THE NEEDS OF CHRONICALLY ILL ENROLL EES.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For plan year 2020 and subsequent plan years, in addition to any supplemental health care benefits otherwise provided under this paragraph, an MA plan, including a specialized MA plan for special needs individuals (as defined in section 1859(b)(6)), may provide supplemental benefits described in clause (ii) to a chronically ill enrollee (as defined in clause (iii)). ‘‘(ii) SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS DESCRIBED .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Supplemental benefits described in this clause are supplemental benefits that, with respect to a chronically ill enrollee, have a reasonable expectation of improving or maintaining the health or overall function of the chronically ill enrollee and may not be limited to being primarily health related benefits. ‘‘(II) AUTHORITY TO WAIVE UNIFORMITY RE QUIREMENTS .—The Secretary may, only with respect to supplemental benefits provided to a chronically ill enrollee under this subparagraph, waive the uniformity requirements under this part, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) CHRONICALLY ILL ENROLLEE DEFINED .— In this subparagraph, the term ‘chronically ill enrollee’ means an enrollee in an MA plan that the Secretary determines— ‘‘(I) has one or more comorbid and medically complex chronic conditions that is life threatening or significantly limits the overall health or function of the enrollee; ‘‘(II) has a high risk of hospitalization or other adverse health outcomes; and 
‘‘(III) requires intensive care coordination.’’. (b) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .— (1) STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on supplemental benefits provided to enrollees in Medicare Advantage plans under part C of title XVIII of the Social Security Act, including specialized MA plans for special needs individuals (as defined in section 1859(b)(6) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–28(b)(6))). To the extend data are available, such study shall include an analysis of the following: (A) The type of supplemental benefits provided to such enrollees, the total number of enrollees receiving each supplemental benefit, and whether the supplemental benefit is covered by the standard benchmark cost of the benefit or with an additional premium. (B) The frequency in which supplemental benefits are utilized by such enrollees. (C) The impact supplemental benefits have on— (i) indicators of the quality of care received by such enrollees, including overall health and function of the enrollees; (ii) the utilization of items and services for which benefits are available under the original Medicare feeforservice program option under parts A and B of such title XVIII by such enrollees; and (iii) the amount of the bids submitted by Medicare Advantage Organizations for Medicare Advantage plans under such part C. (2) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the Comptroller General shall, as necessary, consult with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and Medicare Advantage organizations offering Medicare Advantage plans. (3) REPORT .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50323. INCREASING CONVENIENCE FOR MEDICARE ADVANTAGE ENROLLEES THROUGH TELEHEALTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1852 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–22) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)(i), by inserting ‘‘, subject to subsection (m),’’ after ‘‘means’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) PROVISION OF ADDITIONAL TELEHEALTH  BENEFITS .— ‘‘(1) MA 
PLAN OPTION .—For plan year 2020 and subsequent plan years, subject to the requirements of paragraph (3), an MA plan may provide additional telehealth benefits (as defined in paragraph (2)) to individuals enrolled under this part. ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL TELEHEALTH BENEFITS DE FINED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection and section 1854: ‘‘(i) DEFINITION .—The term ‘additional telehealth benefits’ means services— ‘‘(I) for which benefits are available under part B, including services for which payment is not made under section 1834(m) due to the conditions for payment under such section; and ‘‘(II) that are identified for such year as clinically appropriate to furnish using electronic information and telecommunications technology when a physician (as defined in section 1861(r)) or practitioner (described in section 1842(b)(18)(C)) providing the service is not at the same location as the plan enrollee. ‘‘(ii) EXCLUSION OF CAPITAL AND INFRASTRUC TURE COSTS AND INVESTMENTS .—The term ‘additional telehealth benefits’ does not include capital and infrastructure costs and investments relating to such benefits. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC COMMENT .—Not later than November 30, 2018, the Secretary shall solicit comments on— ‘‘(i) what types of items and services (including those provided through supplemental health care benefits, such as remote patient monitoring, secure messaging, store and forward technologies, and other nonfacetoface communication) should be considered to be additional telehealth benefits; and ‘‘(ii) the requirements for the provision or furnishing of such benefits (such as training and coordination requirements). ‘‘(3) REQUIREMENTS FOR ADDITIONAL TELE HEALTH BENEFITS .—The Secretary shall specify requirements for the provision or furnishing of additional telehealth benefits, including with respect to the following: ‘‘(A) Physician or practitioner qualifications (other than licensure) and other requirements such as specific training. ‘‘(B) Factors necessary for the coordination of such benefits with other items and services including those furnished inperson. ‘‘(C) Such other areas as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(4) ENROLLEE CHOICE .—If an MA plan provides a service as an additional telehealth benefit (as defined in paragraph (2))— ‘‘(A) the MA plan shall also provide access to such benefit through an inperson visit (and not only as an additional telehealth benefit); and ‘‘(B) an individual enrollee shall have discretion as to whether to receive such service through the inperson visit or as an additional telehealth benefit. ‘‘(5) TREATMENT UNDER MA .—For purposes of this subsection and section 1854, if a plan provides additional telehealth benefits, such additional telehealth benefits shall be treated as if they were benefits under the original Medicare feeforservice program option. ‘‘(6) CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed as affecting the requirement under subsection (a)(1) that MA plans provide enrollees with items and services (other than hospice care) for which benefits are available under parts A and B, including benefits available under section 1834(m).’’. (b) CLARIFICATION REGARDING INCLUSION IN  BIDAMOUNT .—Section 1854(a)(6)(A)(ii)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 24(a)(6)(A)(ii)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including, for plan year 2020 and subsequent plan years, the provision of additional telehealth benefits as described in section 1852(m)’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
SEC. 50324. PROVIDING ACCOUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATIONS THE ABILITY TO EXPAND THE USE OF TELEHEALTH. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1899 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(l) PROVIDING ACO S THE ABILITY TOEXPAND  
THEUSE OF TELEHEALTH SERVICES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of telehealth services for which payment would otherwise be made under this title furnished on or after January 1, 2020, for purposes of this subsection only, the following shall apply with respect to such services furnished by a physician or practitioner participating in an applicable ACO (as defined in paragraph (2)) to a Medicare feefor service beneficiary assigned to the applicable ACO: ‘‘(A) INCLUSION OF HOME AS ORIGINATING  
SITE.—Subject to paragraph (3), the home of a beneficiary shall be treated as an originating site described in section 1834(m)(4)(C)(ii). ‘‘(B) NO APPLICATION OF GEOGRAPHIC LIMITA TION.—The geographic limitation under section 1834(m)(4)(C)(i) shall not apply with respect to an originating site described in section 1834(m)(4)(C)(ii) (including the home of a beneficiary under subparagraph (A)), subject to State licensing requirements. ‘‘(2) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) APPLICABLE ACO .—The term ‘applicable ACO’ means an ACO participating in a model tested or expanded under section 1115A or under this section— ‘‘(i) that operates under a twosided model— ‘‘(I) described in section 425.600(a) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations; or ‘‘(II) tested or expanded under section 1115A; and ‘‘(ii) for which Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries are assigned to the ACO using a prospective assignment method, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) HOME.—The term ‘home’ means, with respect to a Medicare feeforservice beneficiary, the place of residence used as the home of the beneficiary. ‘‘(3) TELEHEALTH SERVICES RECEIVED IN THE  
HOME .—In the case of telehealth services described in paragraph (1) where the home of a Medicare feeforservice beneficiary is the originating site, the following shall apply: ‘‘(A) NO FACILITY FEE .—There shall be no facility fee paid to the originating site under section 1834(m)(2)(B). ‘‘(B) EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN SERVICES .—No payment may be made for such services that are inappropriate to furnish in the home setting such as services that are typically furnished in inpatient settings such as a hospital.’’. (b) STUDY AND REPORT .— (1) STUDY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study on the implementation of section 1899(l) of the Social Security Act, as added by subsection (a). Such study shall include an analysis of the utilization of, and expenditures for, telehealth services under such section. (B) COLLECTION OF DATA .—The Secretary may collect such data as the Secretary determines necessary to carry out the study under this paragraph. (2) REPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2026, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50325. EXPANDING THE USE OF TELEHEALTH FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH STROKE. 
Section 1834(m) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(m)), as amended by section 50302(b)(1), is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(C)(i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (6), the term’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) TREATMENT OF STROKE TELEHEALTH SERV ICES.— ‘‘(A) NONAPPLICATION OF ORIGINATING SITE  
REQUIREMENTS .—The requirements described in paragraph (4)(C) shall not apply with respect to telehealth services furnished on or after January 1, 2019, for purposes of diagnosis, evaluation, or treatment of symptoms of an acute stroke, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION OF CERTAIN SITES .—With re spect to telehealth services described in subparagraph (A), the term ‘originating site’ shall include any hospital (as defined in section 1861(e)) or critical access hospital (as defined in section 1861(mm)(1)), any mobile stroke unit (as defined by the Secretary), or any other site determined appropriate by the Secretary, at which the eligible telehealth individual is located at the time the service is furnished via a telecommunications system. ‘‘(C) NO ORIGINATING SITE FACILITY FEE FOR  
NEW SITES .—No facility fee shall be paid under paragraph (2)(B) to an originating site with respect to a telehealth service described in subparagraph (A) if the originating site does not otherwise meet the requirements for an originating site under paragraph (4)(C).’’. 
SEC. 50331. PROVIDING FLEXIBILITY FOR BENEFICIARIES TO BE PART OF AN ACCOUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATION. 
Section 1899(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj(c)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) by striking ‘‘ACOS.—The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘ACOS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) PROVIDING FLEXIBILITY .— ‘‘(A) CHOICE OF PROSPECTIVE ASSIGNMENT .— For each agreement period (effective for agreements entered into or renewed on or after January 1, 2020), in the case where an ACO established under the program is in a Track that provides for the retrospective assignment of Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries to the ACO, the Secretary shall permit the ACO to choose to have Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries assigned prospectively, rather than retrospectively, to the ACO for an agreement period. ‘‘(B) ASSIGNMENT BASED ON VOLUNTARY IDEN TIFICATION BY MEDICARE FEE FORSERVICE BENE FICIARIES .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For performance year 2018 and each subsequent performance year, if a system is available for electronic designation, the Secretary shall permit a Medicare feeforservice beneficiary to voluntarily identify an ACO professional as the primary care provider of the beneficiary for purposes of assigning such beneficiary to an ACO, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION PROCESS .—The Secretary shall establish a process under which a Medicare feeforservice beneficiary is— ‘‘(I) notified of their ability to make an identification described in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) informed of the process by which they may make and change such identification. ‘‘(iii) SUPERSEDING CLAIMS BASED ASSIGN MENT .—A voluntary identification by a Medicare feeforservice beneficiary under this subparagraph shall supersede any claimsbased assignment otherwise determined by the Secretary.’’. Subtitle E—Empowering Individuals and Caregivers in Care Delivery 
SEC. 50341. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO CARE COORDINATION UNDER ACCOUNTABLE CARE ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1899 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj), as amended by section 50324(a), is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) An ACO that seeks to operate an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program pursuant to subsection (m) shall apply to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and with such information as the Secretary may require.’’; (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(m) AUTHORITY TOPROVIDE INCENTIVE PAYMENTS TO BENEFICIARIES WITH RESPECT TO  QUALIFYING PRIMARY CARESERVICES .— ‘‘(1) PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In order to encourage Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries to obtain medically necessary primary care services, an ACO participating under this section under a payment model described in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (2)(B) may apply to establish an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program to provide incentive payments to such beneficiaries who are furnished qualifying services in accordance with this subsection. The Secretary shall permit such an ACO to establish such a program at the Secretary’s discretion and subject to such requirements, including program integrity requirements, as the Secretary determines necessary. ‘‘(B) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement this subsection on a date determined appropriate by the Secretary. Such date shall be no earlier than January 1, 2019, and no later than January 1, 2020. ‘‘(2) CONDUCT OF PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) DURATION .—Subject to subparagraph (H), an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall be conducted for such period (of not less than 1 year) as the Secretary may approve. ‘‘(B) SCOPE.—An ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall provide incentive payments to all of the following Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries who are furnished qualifying services by the ACO: ‘‘(i) With respect to the Track 2 and Track 3 payment models described in section 425.600(a) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or in any successor regulation), Medicare feefor service beneficiaries who are preliminarily prospectively or prospectively assigned (or otherwise assigned, as determined by the Secretary) to the ACO. ‘‘(ii) With respect to any future payment models involving twosided risk, Medicare feefor service beneficiaries who are assigned to the ACO, as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) QUALIFYING SERVICE .—For purposes of this subsection, a qualifying service is a primary care service, as defined in section 425.20 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or in any successor regulation), with respect to which coinsurance applies under part B, furnished through an ACO by— ‘‘(i) an ACO professional described in subsection (h)(1)(A) who has a primary care specialty designation included in the definition of primary care physician under section 425.20 of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulation); ‘‘(ii) an ACO professional described in subsection (h)(1)(B); or ‘‘(iii) a Federally qualified health center or rural health clinic (as such terms are defined in section 1861(aa)). ‘‘(D) INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .—An incentive payment made by an ACO pursuant to an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall be— ‘‘(i) in an amount up to $20, with such maximum amount updated annually by the percentage increase in the consumer price index for all urban consumers (United States city average) for the 12month period ending with June of the previous year; ‘‘(ii) in the same amount for each Medicare feeforservice beneficiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) without regard to enrollment of such a beneficiary in a medicare supplemental policy (described in section 1882(g)(1)), in a State Medicaid plan under title XIX or a waiver of such a plan, or in any other health insurance policy or health benefit plan; ‘‘(iii) made for each qualifying service furnished to such a beneficiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B) during a period specified by the Secretary; and ‘‘(iv) made no later than 30 days after a qualifying service is furnished to such a beneficiary described in clause (i) or (ii) of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(E) NO SEPARATE PAYMENTS FROM THE SEC RETARY .—The Secretary shall not make any separate payment to an ACO for the costs, including incentive payments, of carrying out an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection. Nothing in this subparagraph shall be construed as prohibiting an ACO from using shared savings received under this section to carry out an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program. ‘‘(F) NO APPLICATION TO SHARED SAVINGS CAL CULATION .—Incentive payments made by an ACO under this subsection shall be disregarded for purposes of calculating benchmarks, estimated average per capita Medicare expenditures, and shared savings under this section. ‘‘(G) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—An ACO conducting an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program under this subsection shall, at such times and in such format as the Secretary may require, report to the Secretary such information and retain such documentation as the Secretary may require, including the amount and frequency of incentive payments made and the number of Medicare feeforservice beneficiaries receiving such payments. ‘‘(H) TERMINATION .—The Secretary may terminate an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection at any time for reasons determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) EXCLUSION OF INCENTIVE PAYMENTS .— Any payment made under an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under this subsection shall not be considered income or resources or otherwise taken into account for purposes of— ‘‘(A) determining eligibility for benefits or assistance (or the amount or extent of benefits or assistance) under any Federal program or under any State or local program financed in whole or in part with Federal funds; or ‘‘(B) any Federal or State laws relating to taxation.’’; (3) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘, including an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program under subsections (b)(2)(I) and (m)’’ after ‘‘the program’’; and (4) in subsection (g)(6), by inserting ‘‘or of an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program under subsections (b)(2)(I) and (m)’’ after ‘‘under subsection (d)(4)’’. (b) AMENDMENT TO SECTION 1128B.—Section 1128B(b)(3) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(b)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (I); (2) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (J) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) an incentive payment made to a Medicare feeforservice beneficiary by an ACO under an ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under subsection (m) of section 1899, if the payment is made in accordance with the requirements of such subsection and meets such other conditions as the Secretary may establish.’’. (c) EVALUATION AND REPORT .— (1) EVALUATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct an evaluation of the ACO Beneficiary Incentive Program established under subsections (b)(2)(I) and (m) of section 1899 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395jjj), as added by subsection (a). The evaluation shall include an analysis of the impact of the implementation of the Program on expenditures and beneficiary health outcomes under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). (2) REPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the evaluation under paragraph (1), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Secretary determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50342. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON LONGITUDINAL COMPREHENSIVE CARE PLANNING SERVICES UNDER MEDICARE PART B. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General shall conduct a study on the establishment under part B of the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act of a payment code for a visit for longitudinal comprehensive care planning services. Such study shall include an analysis of the following to the extent such information is available: (1) The frequency with which services similar to longitudinal comprehensive care planning services are furnished to Medicare beneficiaries, which providers of services and suppliers are 
furnishing those services, whether Medicare reimbursement is being received for those services, and, if so, through which codes those services are being reimbursed. (2) Whether, and the extent to which, longitudinal comprehensive care planning services would overlap, and could therefore result in duplicative payment, with services covered under the hospice benefit as well as the chronic care management code, evaluation and management codes, or other codes that already exist under part B of the Medicare program. (3) Any barriers to hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, hospice programs, home health agencies, and other applicable providers working with a Medicare beneficiary to engage in the care planning process and complete the necessary documentation to support the treatment and care plan of the beneficiary and provide such documentation to other providers and the beneficiary or the beneficiary’s representative. (4) Any barriers to providers, other than the provider furnishing longitudinal comprehensive care planning services, accessing the care plan and associated documentation for use related to the care of the Medicare beneficiary. (5) Potential options for ensuring that applicable providers are notified of a patient’s existing longitudinal care plan and that applicable providers consider that plan in making their treatment decisions, and what the challenges might be in implementing such options. (6) Stakeholder’s views on the need for the development of quality metrics with respect to longitudinal comprehensive care planning services, such as measures related to— (A) the process of eliciting input from the Medicare beneficiary or from a legally authorized representative and documenting in the medical record the patientdirected care plan; (B) the effectiveness and patientcenteredness of the care plan in organizing delivery of services consistent with the plan; (C) the availability of the care plan and associated documentation to other providers that care for the beneficiary; and (D) the extent to which the beneficiary received services and support that is free from discrimination based on advanced age, disability status, or advanced illness. (7) Stakeholder’s views on how such quality metrics would provide information on— (A) the goals, values, and preferences of the beneficiary; (B) the documentation of the care plan; (C) services furnished to the beneficiary; and (D) outcomes of treatment. (8) Stakeholder’s views on— (A) the type of training and education needed for applicable providers, individuals, and caregivers in order to facilitate longitudinal comprehensive care planning services; (B) the types of providers of services and suppliers that should be included in the interdisciplinary team of an applicable provider; and (C) the characteristics of Medicare beneficiaries that would be most appropriate to receive longitudinal comprehensive care planning services, such as individuals with advanced disease and individuals who need assistance with multiple activities of daily living. (9) Stakeholder’s views on the frequency with which longitudinal comprehensive care planning services should be furnished. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPLICABLE PROVIDER .—The term ‘‘applicable provider’’ means a hospice program (as defined in subsection (dd)(2) of section 1861 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww)) or other provider of services (as defined in subsection (u) of such section) or supplier (as defined in subsection (d) of such section) that— (A) furnishes longitudinal comprehensive care planning services through an interdisciplinary team; and (B) meets such other requirements as the Secretary may determine to be appropriate. (2) COMPTROLLER GENERAL .—The term ‘‘Comptroller General’’ means the Comptroller General of the United States. (3) INTERDISCIPLINARY TEAM .—The term ‘‘interdisciplinary team’’ means a group that— (A) includes the personnel described in subsection (dd)(2)(B)(i) of such section 1861; (B) may include a chaplain, minister, or other clergy; and (C) may include other direct care personnel. (4) LONGITUDINAL COMPREHENSIVE CARE PLAN NING SERVICES .—The term ‘‘longitudinal comprehensive care planning services’’ means a voluntary shared decisionmaking process that is furnished by an applicable provider through an interdisciplinary team and includes a conversation with Medicare beneficiaries who have received a diagnosis of a serious or lifethreatening illness. The purpose of such services is to discuss a longitudinal care plan that addresses the progression of the disease, treatment options, the goals, values, and preferences of the beneficiary, and the availability of other resources and social supports that may reduce the beneficiary’s health risks and promote selfmanagement and shared decisionmaking. (5) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Subtitle F—Other Policies to Improve Care for the Chronically Ill 
SEC. 50351. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON IMPROVING MEDICATION SYNCHRONIZATION. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall conduct a study on the extent to which Medicare prescription drug plans (MA–PD plans and stand alone prescription drug plans) under part D of title XVIII of the Social Security Act and private payors use programs that synchronize pharmacy dispensing so that individuals may receive multiple prescriptions on the same day to facilitate comprehensive counseling and promote medication adherence. The study shall include a analysis of the following: (1) The extent to which pharmacies have adopted such programs. (2) The common characteristics of such programs, including how pharmacies structure counseling sessions under such programs and the types of payment and other arrangements that Medicare prescription drug plans and private payors employ under such programs to support the efforts of pharmacies. (3) How such programs compare for Medicare prescription drug plans and private payors. (4) What is known about how such programs affect patient medication adherence and overall patient health outcomes, including if adherence and outcomes vary by patient subpopulations, such as disease state and socioeconomic status. (5) What is known about overall patient satisfaction with such programs and satisfaction with such programs, including within patient subpopulations, such as disease state and socioeconomic status. (6) The extent to which laws and regulations of the Medicare program support such programs. (7) Barriers to the use of medication synchronization programs by Medicare prescription drug plans. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study under subsection (a), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. SEC. 50352. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON IMPACT OF OBESITY DRUGS ON PATIENT HEALTH AND SPENDING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall, to the extent data are available, conduct a study on the use of prescription drugs to manage the weight of obese patients and the impact of coverage of such drugs on patient health and on health care spending. Such study shall examine the use and impact of these obesity drugs in the nonMedicare population and for Medicare beneficiaries who have such drugs covered through an MA– PD plan (as defined in section 1860D–1(a)(3)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 101(a)(3)(C))) as a supplemental health care benefit. The study shall include an analysis of the following: (1) The prevalence of obesity in the Medicare and nonMedicare population. (2) The utilization of obesity drugs. (3) The distribution of Body Mass Index by individuals taking obesity drugs, to the extent practicable. (4) What is known about the use of obesity drugs in conjunction with the receipt of other items or services, such as behavioral counseling, and how these compare to items and services received by obese individuals who do not take obesity drugs. (5) Physician considerations and attitudes related to prescribing obesity drugs. (6) The extent to which coverage policies cease or limit coverage for individuals who fail to receive clinical benefit. (7) What is known about the extent to which individuals who take obesity drugs adhere to the prescribed regimen. (8) What is known about the extent to which individuals who take obesity drugs maintain weight loss over time. (9) What is known about the subsequent impact such drugs have on medical services that are directly related to obesity, including with respect to subpopulations determined based on the extent of obesity. (10) What is known about the spending associated with the care of individuals who take obesity drugs, compared to the spending associated with the care of individuals who do not take such drugs. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study under subsection (a), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Comptroller General determines appropriate. 
SEC. 50353. HHS STUDY AND REPORT ON LONG TERM RISK FACTORS FOR CHRONIC CONDITIONS AMONG MEDICARE BENEFICIARIES. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a study on long term cost drivers to the Medicare program, including obesity, tobacco use, mental health conditions, and other factors that may contribute to the deterioration of health conditions among individuals with chronic conditions in the Medicare population. The study shall include an analysis of any barriers to collecting and analyzing such information and how to remove any such barriers (including through legislation and administrative actions). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of the study under subsection (a), together with recommendations for such legislation and administrative action as the Secretary determines appropriate. The Secretary shall also post such report on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services. 
SEC. 50354. PROVIDING PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS WITH PARTS A AND B CLAIMS DATA TO PROMOTE THE APPROPRIATE USE OF MEDICATIONS AND IMPROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES. 
Section 1860D–4(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–104(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) PROVIDING PRESCRIPTION DRUG PLANS  
WITH PARTS A AND B CLAIMS DATA TO PROMOTE  
THE APPROPRIATE USE OF MEDICATIONS AND IM PROVE HEALTH OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(A) PROCESS .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall establish a process under which a PDP sponsor of a prescription drug plan may submit a request for the Secretary to provide the sponsor, on a periodic basis and in an electronic format, beginning in plan year 2020, data described in subparagraph (D) with respect to enrollees in such plan. Such data shall be provided without regard to whether such enrollees are described in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) PURPOSES .—A PDP sponsor may use the data provided to the sponsor pursuant to subparagraph (A) for any of the following purposes: ‘‘(i) To optimize therapeutic outcomes through improved medication use, as such phrase is used in clause (i) of paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(ii) To improving care coordination so as to prevent adverse health outcomes, such as preventable emergency department visits and hospital readmissions. ‘‘(iii) For any other purpose determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) LIMITATIONS ON DATA USE .—A PDP sponsor shall not use data provided to the sponsor pursuant to subparagraph (A) for any of the following purposes: ‘‘(i) To inform coverage determinations under this part. ‘‘(ii) To conduct retroactive reviews of medically accepted indications determinations. ‘‘(iii) To facilitate enrollment changes to a different prescription drug plan or an MA–PD plan offered by the same parent organization. ‘‘(iv) To inform marketing of benefits. ‘‘(v) For any other purpose that the Secretary determines is necessary to include in order to protect the identity of individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under this title and to protect the security of personal health information. ‘‘(D) DATA DESCRIBED .—The data described in this clause are standardized extracts (as determined by the Secretary) of claims data under parts A and B for items and services furnished under such parts for time periods specified by the Secretary. Such data shall include data as current as practicable.’’. TITLE IV—PART B IMPROVEMENT ACT AND OTHER PART B ENHANCEMENTS Subtitle A—Medicare Part B Improvement Act 
SEC. 50401. HOME INFUSION THERAPY SERVICES TEMPORARY TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1834(u) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(u)) is amended, by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) HOME INFUSION THERAPY SERVICES TEM PORARY TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) TEMPORARY TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall, in accordance with the payment methodology described in subparagraph (B) and subject to the provisions of this paragraph, provide a home infusion therapy services temporary transitional payment under this part to an eligible home infusion supplier (as defined in subparagraph (F)) for items and services described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 1861(iii)(2)) furnished during the period specified in clause (ii) by such supplier in coordination with the furnishing of transitional home infusion drugs (as defined in clause (iii)). ‘‘(ii) PERIOD SPECIFIED .—For purposes of clause (i), the period specified in this clause is the period beginning on January 1, 2019, and ending on the day before the date of the implementation of the payment system under paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(iii) TRANSITIONAL HOME INFUSION DRUG DE FINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘transitional home infusion drug’ has the meaning given to the term ‘home infusion drug’ under section 1861(iii)(3)(C)), except that clause (ii) of such section shall not apply if a drug described in such clause is identified in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of subparagraph (C) as of the date of the enactment of this paragraph. ‘‘(B) PAYMENT METHODOLOGY .—For purposes of this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish a payment methodology, with respect to items and services described in subparagraph (A)(i). Under such payment methodology the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) create the three payment categories described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subparagraph (C); ‘‘(ii) assign drugs to such categories, in accordance with such clauses; ‘‘(iii) assign appropriate Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) codes to each payment category; and ‘‘(iv) establish a single payment amount for each such payment category, in accordance with subparagraph (D), for each infusion drug administration calendar day in the individual’s home for drugs assigned to such category. ‘‘(C) PAYMENT CATEGORIES .— ‘‘(i) PAYMENT CATEGORY 1 .—The Secretary shall create a payment category 1 and assign to such category drugs which are covered under the Local Coverage Determination on External Infusion Pumps (LCD number L33794) and billed with the following HCPCS codes (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary): J0133, J0285, J0287, J0288, J0289, J0895, J1170, J1250, J1265, J1325, J1455, J1457, J1570, J2175, J2260, J2270, J2274, J2278, J3010, or J3285. ‘‘(ii) PAYMENT CATEGORY 2 .—The Secretary shall create a payment category 2 and assign to such category drugs which are covered under such local coverage determination and billed with the following HCPCS codes (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary): J1555 JB, J1559 JB, J1561 JB, J1562 JB, J1569 JB, or J1575 JB. ‘‘(iii) PAYMENT CATEGORY 3 .—The Secretary shall create a payment category 3 and assign to such category drugs which are covered under such local coverage determination and billed with the following HCPCS codes (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary): J9000, J9039, J9040, J9065, J9100, J9190, J9200, J9360, or J9370. ‘‘(iv) INFUSION DRUGS NOT OTHERWISE IN CLUDED .—With respect to drugs that are not included in payment category 1, 2, or 3 under clause (i), (ii), or (iii), respectively, the Secretary shall assign to the most appropriate of such categories, as determined by the Secretary, drugs which are— ‘‘(I) covered under such local coverage determination and billed under HCPCS codes J7799 or J7999 (as identified as of July 1, 2017, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary); or ‘‘(II) billed under any code that is implemented after the date of the enactment of this paragraph and included in such local coverage determination or included in subregulatory guidance as a home infusion drug described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(D) PAYMENT AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Under the payment methodology, the Secretary shall pay eligible home infusion suppliers, with respect to items and services described in subparagraph (A)(i) furnished during the period described in subparagraph (A)(ii) by such supplier to an individual, at amounts equal to the amounts determined under the physician fee schedule established under section 1848 for services furnished during the year for codes and units of such codes described in clauses (ii), (iii), and (iv) with respect to drugs included in the payment category under subparagraph (C) specified in the respective clause, determined without application of the geographic adjustment under subsection (e) of such section. ‘‘(ii) PAYMENT AMOUNT FOR CATEGORY 1 .—For purposes of clause (i), the codes and units described in this clause, with respect to drugs included in payment category 1 described in subparagraph (C)(i), are one unit of HCPCS code 96365 plus three units of HCPCS code 96366 (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary). ‘‘(iii) PAYMENT AMOUNT FOR CATEGORY 2 .—For purposes of clause (i), the codes and units described in this clause, with respect to drugs included in payment category 2 described in subparagraph (C)(i), are one unit of HCPCS code 96369 plus three units of HCPCS code 96370 (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary). ‘‘(iv) PAYMENT AMOUNT FOR CATEGORY 3 .—For purposes of clause (i), the codes and units described in this clause, with respect to drugs included in payment category 3 described in subparagraph (C)(i), are one unit of HCPCS code 96413 plus three units of HCPCS code 96415 (as identified as of January 1, 2018, and as subsequently modified by the Secretary). ‘‘(E) CLARIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(i) INFUSION DRUG ADMINISTRATION DAY .— For purposes of this subsection, with respect to the furnishing of transitional home infusion drugs or home infusion drugs to an individual by an eligible home infusion supplier or a qualified home infusion therapy supplier, a reference to payment to such supplier for an infusion drug administration calendar day in the individual’s home shall refer to payment only for the date on which professional services (as described in section 1861(iii)(2)(A)) were furnished to administer such drugs to such individual. For purposes of the previous sentence, an infusion drug administration calendar day shall include all such drugs administered to such individual on such day. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF MULTIPLE DRUGS ADMINIS TERED ON SAME INFUSION DRUG ADMINISTRATION  
DAY.—In the case that an eligible home infusion supplier, with respect to an infusion drug administration calendar day in an individual’s home, furnishes to such individual transitional home infusion drugs which are not all assigned to the same payment category under subparagraph (C), payment to such supplier for such infusion drug administration calendar day in the individual’s home shall be a single payment equal to the amount of payment under this paragraph for the drug, among all such drugs so furnished to such individual during such calendar day, for which the highest payment would be made under this paragraph. ‘‘(F) ELIGIBLE HOME INFUSION SUPPLIERS .—In this paragraph, the term ‘eligible home infusion supplier’ means a supplier that is enrolled under this part as a pharmacy that provides external infusion pumps and external infusion pump supplies and that maintains all pharmacy licensure requirements in the State in which the applicable infusion drugs are administered. ‘‘(G) IMPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may implement this paragraph by program instruction or otherwise.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 1842(b)(6)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395u(b)(6)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or, in the case of items and services described in clause (i) of section 1834(u)(7)(A) furnished to an individual during the period described in clause (ii) of such section, payment shall be made to the eligible home infusion therapy supplier’’ after ‘‘payment shall be made to the qualified home infusion therapy supplier’’. (2) Section 5012(d) of the 21st Century Cures Act is amended by inserting the following before 
the period at the end: ‘‘, except that the amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (c) shall apply to items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019’’. 
SEC. 50402. ORTHOTIST’S AND PROSTHETIST’S CLINICAL NOTES AS PART OF THE PATIENT’S MEDICAL RECORD. 
Section 1834(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) DOCUMENTATION CREATED BY ORTHOTISTS  
AND PROSTHETISTS .—For purposes of determining the reasonableness and medical necessity of orthotics and prosthetics, documentation created by an orthotist or prosthetist shall be considered part of the individual’s medical record to support documentation created by eligible professionals described in section 1848(k)(3)(B).’’. 
SEC. 50403. INDEPENDENT ACCREDITATION FOR DIALYSIS FACILITIES AND ASSURANCE OF HIGH QUALITY SURVEYS. 
(a) A CCREDITATION AND SURVEYS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1865 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395bb) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘or the conditions and requirements under section 1881(b)’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(including a renal dialysis facility)’’ after ‘‘facility’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) With respect to an accreditation body that has received approval from the Secretary under subsection (a)(3)(A) for accreditation of provider entities that are required to meet the conditions and requirements under section 1881(b), in addition to review and oversight authorities otherwise applicable under this title, the Secretary shall (as the Secretary determines appropriate) conduct, with respect to such accreditation body and provider entities, any or all of the following as frequently as is otherwise required to be conducted under this title with respect to other accreditation bodies or other provider entities: ‘‘(1) Validation surveys referred to in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) Accreditation program reviews (as defined in section 488.8(c) of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or a successor regulation). ‘‘(3) Performance reviews (as defined in section 488.8(a) of title 42 of the Code of Federal Regulations, or a successor regulation).’’. (2) TIMING FOR ACCEPTANCE OF REQUESTS  
FROM ACCREDITATION ORGANIZATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall begin accepting requests from national accreditation bodies for a finding described in section 1865(a)(3)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395bb(a)(3)(A)) for purposes of accrediting provider entities that are required to meet the conditions and requirements under section 1881(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)). (b) REQUIREMENT FOR TIMING OF SURVEYS OF  NEWDIALYSIS FACILITIES .—Section 1881(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395rr(b)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Beginning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this sentence, an initial survey of a provider of services or a renal dialysis facility to determine if the conditions and requirements under this paragraph are met shall be initiated not later than 90 days after such date on which both the provider enrollment form (without regard to whether such form is submitted prior to or after such date of enactment) has been determined by the Secretary to be complete and the provider’s enrollment status indicates approval is pending the results of such survey.’’. 
SEC. 50404. MODERNIZING THE APPLICATION OF THE STARK RULE UNDER MEDICARE. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF THE WRITING REQUIRE MENT AND SIGNATURE REQUIREMENT FOR ARRANGEMENTS PURSUANT TO THE STARK RULE.— (1) WRITING REQUIREMENT .—Section 1877(h)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn(h)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) WRITTEN REQUIREMENT CLARIFIED .—In the case of any requirement pursuant to this section for a compensation arrangement to be in writing, such requirement shall be satisfied by such means as determined by the Secretary, including by a collection of documents, including contemporaneous documents evidencing the course of conduct between the parties involved.’’. (2) SIGNATURE REQUIREMENT .—Section 1877(h)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn(h)(1)), as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) SPECIAL RULE FOR SIGNATURE REQUIRE MENTS .—In the case of any requirement pursuant to this section for a compensation arrangement to be in writing and signed by the parties, such signature requirement shall be met if— ‘‘(i) not later than 90 consecutive calendar days immediately following the date on which the compensation arrangement became noncompliant, the parties obtain the required signatures; and ‘‘(ii) the compensation arrangement otherwise complies with all criteria of the applicable exception.’’. (b) INDEFINITE HOLDOVER FOR LEASE ARRANGEMENTS AND PERSONAL SERVICES ARRANGE MENTS PURSUANT TO THE STARK RULE.—Section 1877(e) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395nn(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) HOLDOVER LEASE ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of a holdover lease arrangement for the lease of office space or equipment, which immediately follows a lease arrangement described in subparagraph (A) for the use of such office space or subparagraph (B) for the use of such equipment and that expired after a term of at least 1 year, payments made by the lessee to the lessor pursuant to such holdover lease arrangement, if— ‘‘(i) the lease arrangement met the conditions of subparagraph (A) for the lease of office space or subparagraph (B) for the use of equipment when the arrangement expired; ‘‘(ii) the holdover lease arrangement is on the same terms and conditions as the immediately preceding arrangement; and ‘‘(iii) the holdover arrangement continues to satisfy the conditions of subparagraph (A) for the lease of office space or subparagraph (B) for the use of equipment.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) HOLDOVER PERSONAL SERVICE ARRANGE MENT .—In the case of a holdover personal service arrangement, which immediately follows an arrangement described in subparagraph (A) that expired after a term of at least 1 year, remuneration from an entity pursuant to such holdover personal service arrangement, if— ‘‘(i) the personal service arrangement met the conditions of subparagraph (A) when the arrangement expired; ‘‘(ii) the holdover personal service arrangement is on the same terms and conditions as the immediately preceding arrangement; and ‘‘(iii) the holdover arrangement continues to satisfy the conditions of subparagraph (A).’’. Subtitle B—Additional Medicare Provisions 
SEC. 50411. MAKING PERMANENT THE REMOVAL OF THE RENTAL CAP FOR DURABLE MEDICAL EQUIPMENT UNDER MEDICARE WITH RESPECT TO SPEECH GENERATING DEVICES. 
Section 1834(a)(2)(A)(iv) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m(a)(2)(A)(iv)) is amended by striking ‘‘and before October 1, 2018,’’. SEC. 50412. INCREASED CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PENALTIES AND INCREASED SENTENCES FOR FEDERAL HEALTH CARE PROGRAM FRAUD AND ABUSE. 
(a) I NCREASED CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES AND  CRIMINAL FINES.— (1) INCREASED CIVIL MONEY PENALTIES .—Sec tion 1128A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7a) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter following paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000’’ each place it appears; (ii) by striking ‘‘$15,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘$50,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’ each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the flush text following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘$5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000’’. (2) INCREASED CRIMINAL FINES .—Section 1128B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), in the matter following paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$10,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), in the flush text following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), in the flush text following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (C) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; (D) in subsection (d), in the flush text following paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000’’; and (E) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘$2,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,000’’. (b) INCREASED SENTENCES FOR FELONIES INVOLVING FEDERAL HEALTH CARE PROGRAM  FRAUD AND ABUSE.— (1) FALSE STATEMENTS AND REPRESENTA TIONS .—Section 1128B(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(a)) is amended, in the matter following paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘not more than five years or both, or (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years or both, or (ii)’’. (2) ANTIKICKBACK .—Section 1128B(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), in the flush text following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), in the flush text following subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’. (3) FALSE STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATION  
FACILITIES .—Section 1128B(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’. (4) EXCESS CHARGES .—Section 1128B(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–7b(d)) is amended, in the flush text following paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘not more than five years’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 10 years’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to acts committed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 50413. REDUCING THE VOLUME OF FUTURE EHRRELATED SIGNIFICANT HARDSHIP REQUESTS. 
Section 1848(o)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(o)(2)(A)) and section 1886(n)(3)(A) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(n)(3)(A)) are each amended in the last sentence by striking ‘‘by requiring’’ and all that follows through ‘‘this paragraph’’. 
SEC. 50414. STRENGTHENING RULES IN CASE OF COMPETITION FOR DIABETIC TESTING STRIPS. 
FORDIABETIC TESTING STRIPS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Paragraph (10) of section 1847(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3(b)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the second sentence and inserting the following new sentence: ‘‘With respect to bids to furnish such types of products on or after January 1, 2019, the volume for such types of products shall be determined by the Secretary through the use of multiple sources of data (from mail order and nonmail order Medicare markets), including marketbased data measuring sales of diabetic testing strip products that are not exclusively sold by a single retailer from such markets.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(C) DEMONSTRATION OF ABILITY TO FURNISH  
TYPES OF DIABETIC TESTING STRIP PRODUCTS .— With respect to bids to furnish diabetic testing strip products on or after January 1, 2019, an entity shall attest to the Secretary that the entity has the ability to obtain an inventory of the types and quantities of diabetic testing strip products that will allow the entity to furnish such products in a manner consistent with its bid and— ‘‘(i) demonstrate to the Secretary, through letters of intent with manufacturers, wholesalers, or other suppliers, or other evidence as the Secretary may specify, such ability; or ‘‘(ii) demonstrate to the Secretary that it made a good faith attempt to obtain such a letter of intent or such other evidence. ‘‘(D) USE OF UNLISTED TYPES IN CALCULATION  
OF PERCENTAGE .—With respect to bids to furnish diabetic testing strip products on or after January 1, 2019, in determining under subparagraph (A) whether a bid submitted by an entity under such subparagraph covers 50 percent (or such higher percentage as the Secretary may specify) of all types of diabetic testing strip products, the Secretary may not attribute a percentage to types of diabetic testing strip products that the Secretary does not identify by brand, model, and market share volume. ‘‘(E) ADHERENCE TO DEMONSTRATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an entity that is furnishing diabetic testing strip products on or after January 1, 2019, under a contract entered into under the competition conducted pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall establish a process to monitor, on an ongoing basis, the extent to which such entity continues to cover the product types included in the entity’s bid. ‘‘(ii) TERMINATION .—If the Secretary determines that an entity described in clause (i) fails to maintain in inventory, or otherwise maintain ready access to (through requirements, contracts, or otherwise) a type of product included in the entity’s bid, the Secretary may terminate such contract unless the Secretary finds that the failure of the entity to maintain inventory of, or ready access to, the product is the result of the discontinuation of the product by the product manufacturer, a marketwide shortage of the product, or the introduction of a newer model or version of the product in the market involved.’’. (b) CODIFYING AND EXPANDING ANTISWITCH INGRULE.—Section 1847(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–3(b)), as amended by subsection (a)(1), is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (11) as paragraph (12); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (10) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(11) ADDITIONAL SPECIAL RULES IN CASE OF  
COMPETITION FOR DIABETIC TESTING STRIPS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—With respect to an entity that is furnishing diabetic testing strip products to individuals under a contract entered into under the competitive acquisition program established under this section, the entity shall furnish to each individual a brand of such products that is compatible with the home blood glucose monitor selected by the individual. ‘‘(B) PROHIBITION ON INFLUENCING AND  
INCENTIVIZING .—An entity described in subparagraph (A) may not attempt to influence or incentivize an individual to switch the brand of glucose monitor or diabetic testing strip product selected by the individual, including by— ‘‘(i) persuading, pressuring, or advising the individual to switch; or ‘‘(ii) furnishing information about alternative brands to the individual where the individual has not requested such information. ‘‘(C) PROVISION OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) STANDARDIZED INFORMATION .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall develop and make available to entities described in subparagraph (A) standardized information that describes the rights of an individual with respect to such an entity. The information described in the preceding sentence shall include information regarding— ‘‘(I) the requirements established under subparagraphs (A) and (B); ‘‘(II) the right of the individual to purchase diabetic testing strip products from another mail order supplier of such products or a retail pharmacy if the entity is not able to furnish the brand of such product that is compatible with the home blood glucose monitor selected by the individual; and ‘‘(III) the right of the individual to return diabetic testing strip products furnished to the individual by the entity. ‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENT .—With respect to diabetic testing strip products furnished on or after the date on which the Secretary develops the standardized information under clause (i), an entity described in subparagraph (A) may not communicate directly to an individual until the entity has verbally provided the individual with such standardized information. ‘‘(D) ORDER REFILLS .—With respect to diabetic testing strip products furnished on or after January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall require an entity furnishing diabetic testing strip products to an individual to contact and receive a request from the individual for such products not more than 14 days prior to dispensing a refill of such products to the individual.’’. (c) IMPLEMENTATION ; N ONAPPLICATION OF  
THEPAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT.— (1) IMPLEMENTATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may implement the provisions of, and amendments made by, this section by program instruction or otherwise. (2) NONAPPLICATION OF THE PAPERWORK RE DUCTION ACT .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995’’), shall not apply to this section or the amendments made by this section. TITLE V—OTHER HEALTH EXTENDERS 
Section 501(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 701(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(A)— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) $6,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(C), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘, and with respect to fiscal years 2018 and 2019, such centers shall also be developed in all territories and at least one such center shall be developed for Indian tribes’’; and (3) by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given such term in section 4 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1603); ‘‘(B) the term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States and the District of Columbia; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘territory’ means Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands.’’. SEC. 50502. EXTENSION FOR SEXUAL RISK AVOIDANCE EDUCATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 510 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 710) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) ALLOTMENTS TO STATES .—For the purpose described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, allot to each State which has transmitted an application for the fiscal year under section 505(a) an amount equal to the product of— ‘‘(A) the amount appropriated pursuant to subsection (e)(1) for the fiscal year, minus the amount reserved under subsection (e)(2) for the fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) the proportion that the number of low income children in the State bears to the total of such numbers of children for all the States. ‘‘(2) OTHER ALLOTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) OTHER ENTITIES .—For the purpose described in subsection (b), the Secretary shall, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, for any State which has not transmitted an application for the fiscal year under section 505(a), allot to one or more entities in the State the amount that would have been allotted to the State under paragraph (1) if the State had submitted such an application. ‘‘(B) PROCESS .—The Secretary shall select the recipients of allotments under subparagraph (A) by means of a competitive grant process under which— ‘‘(i) not later than 30 days after the deadline for the State involved to submit an application for the fiscal year under section 505(a), the Secretary publishes a notice soliciting grant applications; and ‘‘(ii) not later than 120 days after such deadline, all such applications must be submitted. ‘‘(b) PURPOSE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except for research under paragraph (5) and information collection and reporting under paragraph (6), the purpose of an allotment under subsection (a) to a State (or to another entity in the State pursuant to subsection (a)(2)) is to enable the State or other entity to implement education exclusively on sexual risk avoidance (meaning voluntarily refraining from sexual activity). ‘‘(2) REQUIRED COMPONENTS .—Education on sexual risk avoidance pursuant to an allotment under this section shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that the unambiguous and primary emphasis and context for each topic described in paragraph (3) is a message to youth that normalizes the optimal health behavior of avoiding nonmarital sexual activity; ‘‘(B) be medically accurate and complete; ‘‘(C) be ageappropriate; ‘‘(D) be based on adolescent learning and developmental theories for the age group receiving the education; and ‘‘(E) be culturally appropriate, recognizing the experiences of youth from diverse communities, backgrounds, and experiences. ‘‘(3) TOPICS .—Education on sexual risk avoidance pursuant to an allotment under this section shall address each of the following topics: ‘‘(A) The holistic individual and societal benefits associated with personal responsibility, self regulation, goal setting, healthy decisionmaking, and a focus on the future. ‘‘(B) The advantage of refraining from nonmarital sexual activity in order to improve the future prospects and physical and emotional health of youth. 
‘‘(C) The increased likelihood of avoiding poverty when youth attain selfsufficiency and emotional maturity before engaging in sexual activity. ‘‘(D) The foundational components of healthy relationships and their impact on the formation of healthy marriages and safe and stable families. ‘‘(E) How other youth risk behaviors, such as drug and alcohol usage, increase the risk for teen sex. ‘‘(F) How to resist and avoid, and receive help regarding, sexual coercion and dating violence, recognizing that even with consent teen sex remains a youth risk behavior. ‘‘(4) CONTRACEPTION .—Education on sexual risk avoidance pursuant to an allotment under this section shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) any information provided on contraception is medically accurate and complete and ensures that students understand that contraception offers physical risk reduction, but not risk elimination; and ‘‘(B) the education does not include demonstrations, simulations, or distribution of contraceptive devices. ‘‘(5) RESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A State or other entity receiving an allotment pursuant to subsection (a) may use up to 20 percent of such allotment to build the evidence base for sexual risk avoidance education by conducting or supporting research. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS .—Any research conducted or supported pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be— ‘‘(i) rigorous; ‘‘(ii) evidencebased; and ‘‘(iii) designed and conducted by independent researchers who have experience in conducting and publishing research in peerreviewed outlets. ‘‘(6) INFORMATION COLLECTION AND REPORT ING.—A State or other entity receiving an allotment pursuant to subsection (a) shall, as specified by the Secretary— ‘‘(A) collect information on the programs and activities funded through the allotment; and ‘‘(B) submit reports to the Secretary on the data from such programs and activities. ‘‘(c) NATIONAL EVALUATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) in consultation with appropriate State and local agencies, conduct one or more rigorous evaluations of the education funded through this section and associated data; and ‘‘(B) submit a report to the Congress on the results of such evaluations, together with a summary of the information collected pursuant to subsection (b)(6). ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the evaluations required by paragraph (1), including the establishment of rigorous evaluation methodologies, the Secretary shall consult with relevant stakeholders and evaluation experts. ‘‘(d) APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— ‘‘(1) Sections 503, 507, and 508 apply to allotments under subsection (a) to the same extent and in the same manner as such sections apply to allotments under section 502(c). ‘‘(2) Sections 505 and 506 apply to allotments under subsection (a) to the extent determined by the Secretary to be appropriate. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘ageappropriate’ means suitable (in terms of topics, messages, and teaching methods) to the developmental and social maturity of the particular age or age group of children or adolescents, based on developing cognitive, emotional, and behavioral capacity typical for the age or age group. ‘‘(2) The term ‘medically accurate and complete’ means verified or supported by the weight of research conducted in compliance with accepted scientific methods and— ‘‘(A) published in peerreviewed journals, where applicable; or ‘‘(B) comprising information that leading professional organizations and agencies with relevant expertise in the field recognize as accurate, objective, and complete. ‘‘(3) The term ‘rigorous’, with respect to research or evaluation, means using— ‘‘(A) established scientific methods for measuring the impact of an intervention or program model in changing behavior (specifically sexual activity or other sexual risk behaviors), or reducing pregnancy, among youth; or ‘‘(B) other evidencebased methodologies established by the Secretary for purposes of this section. ‘‘(4) The term ‘youth’ refers to one or more individuals who have attained age 10 but not age 20. ‘‘(f) FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—To carry out this section, there is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019. ‘‘(2) RESERVATION .—The Secretary shall reserve, for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, not more than 20 percent of the amount appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) for administering the program under this section, including the conducting of national evaluations and the provision of technical assistance to the recipients of allotments.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 513 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 713) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (2) in subsection (a)(4)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘
PREP GRANTS ’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘solicit applications to award 3year grants in each of fiscal years 2012 through 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘continue through fiscal year 2019 grants awarded for any of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’; (3) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting after ‘‘youth with HIV/AIDS,’’ the following: ‘‘victims of human trafficking,’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017. TITLE VI—CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES AND SUPPORTS EXTENDERS Subtitle A—Continuing the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program 
Section 511(j)(1)(H) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)(1)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2022’’. 
SEC. 50602. CONTINUING TO DEMONSTRATE RESULTS TO HELP FAMILIES. 
(a) R EQUIRE SERVICE DELIVERY MODELS TO DEMONSTRATE IMPROVEMENT IN APPLICABLE  BENCHMARK AREAS.—Section 511 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711) is amended in each of subsections (d)(1)(A) and (h)(4)(A) by striking ‘‘each of’’. (b) DEMONSTRATION OF IMPROVEMENTS IN  SUBSEQUENT YEARS.—Section 511(d)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(d)(1)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) DEMONSTRATION OF IMPROVEMENTS IN  
SUBSEQUENT YEARS .— ‘‘(i) CONTINUED MEASUREMENT OF IMPROVE MENT IN APPLICABLE BENCHMARK AREAS .—The eligible entity, after demonstrating improvements for eligible families as specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B), shall continue to track and report, not later than 30 days after the end of fiscal year 2020 and every 3 years thereafter, information demonstrating that the program results in improvements for the eligible families participating in the program in at least 4 of the areas specified in subparagraph (A) that the service delivery model or models selected by the entity are intended to improve. ‘‘(ii) CORRECTIVE ACTION PLAN .—If the eligible entity fails to demonstrate improvement in at least 4 of the areas specified in subparagraph (A), as compared to eligible families who do not receive services under an early childhood home visitation program, the entity shall develop and implement a plan to improve outcomes in each of the areas specified in subparagraph (A) that the service delivery model or models selected by the entity are intended to improve, subject to approval by the Secretary. The plan shall include provisions for the Secretary to monitor implementation of the plan and conduct continued oversight of the program, including through submission by the entity of regular reports to the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary shall provide an eligible entity required to develop and implement an improvement plan under clause (ii) with technical assistance to develop and implement the plan. The Secretary may provide the technical assistance directly or through grants, contracts, or cooperative agreements. ‘‘(iv) NO IMPROVEMENT OR FAILURE TO SUBMIT  
REPORT .—If the Secretary determines after a period of time specified by the Secretary that an eligible entity implementing an improvement plan under clause (ii) has failed to demonstrate any improvement in at least 4 of the areas specified in subparagraph (A), or if the Secretary determines that an eligible entity has failed to submit the report required by clause (i), the Secretary shall terminate the grant made to the entity under this section and may include any unexpended grant funds in grants made to nonprofit organizations under subsection (h)(2)(B).’’. (c) INCLUDING INFORMATION ON APPLICABLE  BENCHMARKS IN APPLICATION .—Section 511(e)(5) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(e)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘that the service delivery model or models selected by the entity are intended to improve’’ before the period at the end. 
Section 511(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 505(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘Each State shall, as a condition of receiving payments from an allotment for the State under section 502, conduct a statewide needs assessment (which may be separate from but in coordination with the statewide needs assessment required under section 505(a) and which shall be reviewed and updated by the State not later than October 1, 2020)’’. 
SEC. 50604. IMPROVING THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCCESS IN HIGHRISK COMMUNITIES. 
Section 511(d)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(d)(4)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, taking into account the staffing, community resource, and other requirements to operate at least one approved model of home visiting and demonstrate improvements for eligible families’’ before the period. 
SEC. 50605. OPTION TO FUND EVIDENCEBASED HOME VISITING ON A PAY FOR OUTCOME BASIS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 511(c) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(c)) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively, and by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) AUTHORITY TO USE GRANT FOR A PAY FOR  
OUTCOMES INITIATIVE .—An eligible entity to which a grant is made under paragraph (1) may use up to 25 percent of the grant for outcomes or success payments related to a pay for outcomes initiative that will not result in a reduction of funding for services delivered by the entity under a childhood home visitation program 
under this section while the eligible entity develops or operates such an initiative.’’. (b) DEFINITION OF PAY FOR OUTCOMES INITIA TIVE.—Section 511(k) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(k)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) PAY FOR OUTCOMES INITIATIVE .—The term ‘pay for outcomes initiative’ means a performancebased grant, contract, cooperative agreement, or other agreement awarded by a public entity in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes achieved as a result of the intervention that result in social benefit and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector. Such an initiative shall include— ‘‘(A) a feasibility study that describes how the proposed intervention is based on evidence of effectiveness; ‘‘(B) a rigorous, thirdparty evaluation that uses experimental or quasiexperimental design or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes as a result of the intervention; ‘‘(C) an annual, publicly available report on the progress of the initiative; and ‘‘(D) a requirement that payments are made to the recipient of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement only when agreed upon outcomes are achieved, except that this requirement shall not apply with respect to payments to a third party conducting the evaluation described in subparagraph (B).’’. (c) EXTENDED AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Sec tion 511(j)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY .—Funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), funds’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) FUNDS FOR PAY FOR OUTCOMES INITIA TIVES .—Funds made available to an eligible entity under this section for a fiscal year (or portion of a fiscal year) for a pay for outcomes initiative shall remain available for expenditure by the eligible entity for not more than 10 years after the funds are so made available.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 511(h) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IM PROVED INTEROPERABILITY .— ‘‘(A) DESIGNATION AND USE OF DATA EXCHANGE  
STANDARDS .— ‘‘(i) DESIGNATION .—The head of the department or agency responsible for administering a program funded under this section shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Management and Budget and considering State government perspectives, designate data exchange standards for necessary categories of information that a State agency operating the program is required to electronically exchange with another State agency under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(ii) DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS MUST BE  
NONPROPRIETARY AND INTEROPERABLE .—The data exchange standards designated under clause (i) shall, to the extent practicable, be nonproprietary and interoperable. ‘‘(iii) OTHER REQUIREMENTS .—In designating data exchange standards under this paragraph, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate— ‘‘(I) interoperable standards developed and maintained by an international voluntary consensus standards body, as defined by the Office of Management and Budget; ‘‘(II) interoperable standards developed and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Information Exchange Model; and ‘‘(III) interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal entities with authority over contracting and financial assistance. ‘‘(B) DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR FED ERAL REPORTING .— ‘‘(i) DESIGNATION .—The head of the department or agency responsible for administering a program referred to in this section shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Management and Budget, and considering State government perspectives, designate data exchange standards to govern Federal reporting and exchange requirements under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange reporting standards required by clause (i) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(I) incorporate a widely accepted, nonproprietary, searchable, computerreadable format; ‘‘(II) be consistent with and implement applicable accounting principles; ‘‘(III) be implemented in a manner that is costeffective and improves program efficiency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(IV) be capable of being continually upgraded as necessary. ‘‘(iii) INCORPORATION OF NONPROPRIETARY  
STANDARDS .—In designating data exchange standards under this paragraph, the Secretary shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate existing nonproprietary standards, such as the eXtensible Mark up Language. ‘‘(iv) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards for Federal reporting about a program referred to in this section, if the head of the department or agency responsible for administering the program finds the standards to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Section 511(j) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 711(j)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) ALLOCATION OF FUNDS .—To the extent that the grant amount awarded under this section to an eligible entity is determined on the basis of relative population or poverty considerations, the Secretary shall make the determination using the most accurate Federal data available for the eligible entity.’’. Subtitle B—Extension of Health Professions Workforce Demonstration Projects 
SEC. 50611. EXTENSION OF HEALTH WORKFORCE DEMONSTRATION PROJECTS FOR LOWINCOME INDIVIDUALS. 
Section 2008(c)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397g(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. TITLE VII—FAMILY FIRST PREVENTION SERVICES ACT Subtitle A—Investing in Prevention and Supporting Families 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018’’. 
The purpose of this subtitle is to enable States to use Federal funds available under parts B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act to provide enhanced support to children and families and prevent foster care placements through the provision of mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services, in home parent skillbased programs, and kinship navigator services. PART I—PREVENTION ACTIVITIES UNDER TITLE IV–E 
(a) S TATE OPTION .—Section 471 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘and’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘, adoption assistance in accordance with section 473, and, at the option of the State, services or programs specified in subsection (e)(1) of this section for children who are candidates for foster care or who are pregnant or parenting foster youth and the parents or kin caregivers of the children, in accordance with the requirements of that subsection;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) PREVENTION AND FAMILY SERVICES AND  PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to the succeeding provisions of this subsection, the Secretary may make a payment to a State for providing the following services or programs for a child described in paragraph (2) and the parents or kin caregivers of the child when the need of the child, such a parent, or such a caregiver for the services or programs are directly related to the safety, permanence, or wellbeing of the child or to preventing the child from entering foster care: ‘‘(A) MENTAL HEALTH AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE  
PREVENTION AND TREATMENT SERVICES .—Mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services provided by a qualified clinician for not more than a 12month period that begins on any date described in paragraph (3) with respect to the child. ‘‘(B) INHOME PARENT SKILL BASED PRO GRAMS .—Inhome parent skillbased programs for not more than a 12month period that begins on any date described in paragraph (3) with respect to the child and that include parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling. ‘‘(2) CHILD DESCRIBED .—For purposes of paragraph (1), a child described in this paragraph is the following: ‘‘(A) A child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)) but can remain safely at home or in a kinship placement with receipt of services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) A child in foster care who is a pregnant or parenting foster youth. ‘‘(3) DATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of paragraph (1), the dates described in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under paragraph (4) as a child who is a candidate for foster care (as defined in section 475(13)). ‘‘(B) The date on which a child is identified in a prevention plan maintained under paragraph (4) as a pregnant or parenting foster youth in need of services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) REQUIREMENTS RELATED TO PROVIDING  
SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .—Services and programs specified in paragraph (1) may be provided under this subsection only if specified in advance in the child’s prevention plan described in subparagraph (A) and the requirements in subparagraphs (B) through (E) are met: ‘‘(A) PREVENTION PLAN .—The State maintains a written prevention plan for the child that meets the following requirements (as applicable): ‘‘(i) CANDIDATES .—In the case of a child who is a candidate for foster care described in paragraph (2)(A), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) identify the foster care prevention strategy for the child so that the child may remain safely at home, live temporarily with a kin caregiver until reunification can be safely achieved, or live permanently with a kin caregiver; ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of the child to ensure the success of that prevention strategy; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(ii) PREGNANT OR PARENTING FOSTER  
YOUTH .—In the case of a child who is a pregnant or parenting foster youth described in paragraph (2)(B), the prevention plan shall— ‘‘(I) be included in the child’s case plan required under section 475(1); ‘‘(II) list the services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of the youth to ensure that 
the youth is prepared (in the case of a pregnant foster youth) or able (in the case of a parenting foster youth) to be a parent; ‘‘(III) describe the foster care prevention strategy for any child born to the youth; and ‘‘(IV) comply with such other requirements as the Secretary shall establish. ‘‘(B) TRAUMA INFORMED .—The services or programs to be provided to or on behalf of a child are provided under an organizational structure and treatment framework that involves understanding, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a traumainformed approach and traumaspecific interventions to address trauma’s consequences and facilitate healing. ‘‘(C) ONLY SERVICES AND PROGRAMS PROVIDED  
WELL SUPPORTED PRACTICES PERMITTED .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Only State expenditures for services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) that are provided in accordance with practices that meet the requirements specified in clause (ii) of this subparagraph and that meet the requirements specified in clause (iii), (iv), or (v), respectively, for being a promising, supported, or wellsupported practice, shall be eligible for a Federal matching payment under section 474(a)(6)(A). ‘‘(ii) GENERAL PRACTICE REQUIREMENTS .—The general practice requirements specified in this clause are the following: ‘‘(I) The practice has a book, manual, or other available writings that specify the components of the practice protocol and describe how to administer the practice. ‘‘(II) There is no empirical basis suggesting that, compared to its likely benefits, the practice constitutes a risk of harm to those receiving it. ‘‘(III) If multiple outcome studies have been conducted, the overall weight of evidence supports the benefits of the practice. ‘‘(IV) Outcome measures are reliable and valid, and are administrated consistently and accurately across all those receiving the practice. ‘‘(V) There is no case data suggesting a risk of harm that was probably caused by the treatment and that was severe or frequent. ‘‘(iii) PROMISING PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘promising practice’ if the practice is superior to an appropriate comparison practice using conventional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful improvements in validated measures of important child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and wellbeing), as established by the results or outcomes of at least one study that— ‘‘(I) was rated by an independent systematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be welldesigned and wellexecuted; and ‘‘(II) utilized some form of control (such as an untreated group, a placebo group, or a wait list study). ‘‘(iv) SUPPORTED PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘supported practice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appropriate comparison practice using conventional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful improvements in validated measures of important child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and wellbeing), as established by the results or outcomes of at least one study that— ‘‘(aa) was rated by an independent systematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be welldesigned and wellexecuted; ‘‘(bb) was a rigorous randomcontrolled trial (or, if not available, a study using a rigorous quasiexperimental research design); and ‘‘(cc) was carried out in a usual care or practice setting; and ‘‘(II) the study described in subclause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 6 months beyond the end of the treatment. ‘‘(v) WELLSUPPORTED PRACTICE .—A practice shall be considered to be a ‘wellsupported practice’ if— ‘‘(I) the practice is superior to an appropriate comparison practice using conventional standards of statistical significance (in terms of demonstrated meaningful improvements in validated measures of important child and parent outcomes, such as mental health, substance abuse, and child safety and wellbeing), as established by the results or outcomes of at least two studies that— ‘‘(aa) were rated by an independent systematic review for the quality of the study design and execution and determined to be welldesigned and wellexecuted; ‘‘(bb) were rigorous randomcontrolled trials (or, if not available, studies using a rigorous quasiexperimental research design); and ‘‘(cc) were carried out in a usual care or practice setting; and ‘‘(II) at least one of the studies described in subclause (I) established that the practice has a sustained effect (when compared to a control group) for at least 1 year beyond the end of treatment. ‘‘(D) GUIDANCE ON PRACTICES CRITERIA AND  
PREAPPROVED SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary shall issue guidance to States regarding the practices criteria required for services or programs to satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (C). The guidance shall include a preapproved list of services and programs that satisfy the requirements. ‘‘(ii) UPDATES .—The Secretary shall issue updates to the guidance required by clause (i) as often as the Secretary determines necessary. ‘‘(E) OUTCOME ASSESSMENT AND REPORTING .— The State shall collect and report to the Secretary the following information with respect to each child for whom, or on whose behalf mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or inhome parent skillbased programs are provided during a 12month period beginning on the date the child is determined by the State to be a child described in paragraph (2): ‘‘(i) The specific services or programs provided and the total expenditures for each of the services or programs. ‘‘(ii) The duration of the services or programs provided. ‘‘(iii) In the case of a child described in paragraph (2)(A), the child’s placement status at the beginning, and at the end, of the 1year period, respectively, and whether the child entered foster care within 2 years after being determined a candidate for foster care. ‘‘(5) STATE PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A State electing to provide services or programs specified in paragraph (1) shall submit as part of the State plan required by subsection (a) a prevention services and programs plan component that meets the requirements of subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
PLAN COMPONENT .—In order to meet the requirements of this subparagraph, a prevention services and programs plan component, with respect to each 5year period for which the plan component is in operation in the State, shall include the following: ‘‘(i) How providing services and programs specified in paragraph (1) is expected to improve specific outcomes for children and families. ‘‘(ii) How the State will monitor and oversee the safety of children who receive services and programs specified in paragraph (1), including through periodic risk assessments throughout the period in which the services and programs are provided on behalf of a child and reexamination of the prevention plan maintained for the child under paragraph (4) for the provision of the services or programs if the State determines the risk of the child entering foster care remains high despite the provision of the services or programs. ‘‘(iii) With respect to the services and programs specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1), information on the specific promising, supported, or wellsupported practices the State plans to use to provide the services or programs, including a description of— ‘‘(I) the services or programs and whether the practices used are promising, supported, or well supported; ‘‘(II) how the State plans to implement the services or programs, including how implementation of the services or programs will be continuously monitored to ensure fidelity to the practice model and to determine outcomes achieved and how information learned from the monitoring will be used to refine and improve practices; ‘‘(III) how the State selected the services or programs; ‘‘(IV) the target population for the services or programs; and ‘‘(V) how each service or program provided will be evaluated through a welldesigned and rigorous process, which may consist of an ongoing, crosssite evaluation approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) A description of the consultation that the State agencies responsible for administering the State plans under this part and part B engage in with other State agencies responsible for administering health programs, including mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services, and with other public and private agencies with experience in administering child and family services, including communitybased organizations, in order to foster a continuum of care for children described in paragraph (2) and their parents or kin caregivers. ‘‘(v) A description of how the State shall assess children and their parents or kin caregivers to determine eligibility for services or programs specified in paragraph (1). ‘‘(vi) A description of how the services or programs specified in paragraph (1) that are provided for or on behalf of a child and the parents or kin caregivers of the child will be coordinated with other child and family services provided to the child and the parents or kin caregivers of the child under the State plans in effect under subparts 1 and 2 of part B. ‘‘(vii) Descriptions of steps the State is taking to support and enhance a competent, skilled, and professional child welfare workforce to deliver traumainformed and evidencebased services, including— ‘‘(I) ensuring that staff is qualified to provide services or programs that are consistent with the promising, supported, or wellsupported practice models selected; and ‘‘(II) developing appropriate prevention plans, and conducting the risk assessments required under clause (iii). ‘‘(viii) A description of how the State will provide training and support for caseworkers in assessing what children and their families need, connecting to the families served, knowing how to access and deliver the needed traumainformed and evidencebased services, and overseeing and evaluating the continuing appropriateness of the services. ‘‘(ix) A description of how caseload size and type for prevention caseworkers will be determined, managed, and overseen. ‘‘(x) An assurance that the State will report to the Secretary such information and data as the Secretary may require with respect to the provision of services and programs specified in paragraph (1), including information and data necessary to determine the performance measures for the State under paragraph (6) and compliance with paragraph (7). ‘‘(C) REIMBURSEMENT FOR SERVICES UNDER  
THE PREVENTION PLAN COMPONENT .— ‘‘(i) LIMITATION .—Except as provided in subclause (ii), a State may not receive a Federal 
payment under this part for a given promising, supported, or wellsupported practice unless (in accordance with subparagraph (B)(iii)(V)) the plan includes a welldesigned and rigorous evaluation strategy for that practice. ‘‘(ii) WAIVER OF LIMITATION .—The Secretary may waive the requirement for a welldesigned and rigorous evaluation of any wellsupported practice if the Secretary deems the evidence of the effectiveness of the practice to be compelling and the State meets the continuous quality improvement requirements included in subparagraph (B)(iii)(II) with regard to the practice. ‘‘(6) PREVENTION SERVICES MEASURES .— ‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT ; ANNUAL UPDATES .—Be ginning with fiscal year 2021, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall establish the following prevention services measures based on information and data reported by States that elect to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1): ‘‘(i) PERCENTAGE OF CANDIDATES FOR FOSTER  
CARE WHO DO NOT ENTER FOSTER CARE .—The percentage of candidates for foster care for whom, or on whose behalf, the services or programs are provided who do not enter foster care, including those placed with a kin caregiver outside of foster care, during the 12month period in which the services or programs are provided and through the end of the succeeding 12month period. ‘‘(ii) PERCHILD SPENDING .—The total amount of expenditures made for mental health and substance abuse prevention and treatment services or inhome parent skillbased programs, respectively, for, or on behalf of, each child described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) DATA.—The Secretary shall establish and annually update the prevention services measures— ‘‘(i) based on the median State values of the information reported under each clause of subparagraph (A) for the 3 then most recent years; and ‘‘(ii) taking into account State differences in the price levels of consumption goods and services using the most recent regional price parities published by the Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce or such other data as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(C) PUBLICATION OF STATE PREVENTION SERV ICES MEASURES .—The Secretary shall annually make available to the public the prevention services measures of each State. ‘‘(7) MAINTENANCE OF EFFORT FOR STATE FOS TER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If a State elects to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, the State foster care prevention expenditures for the fiscal year shall not be less than the amount of the expenditures for fiscal year 2014 (or, at the option of a State described in subparagraph (E), fiscal year 2015 or fiscal year 2016 (whichever the State elects)). ‘‘(B) STATE FOSTER CARE PREVENTION EXPEND ITURES .—The term ‘State foster care prevention expenditures’ means the following: ‘‘(i) TANF; 
IV–B; SSBG.—State expenditures for foster care prevention services and activities under the State program funded under part A (including from amounts made available by the Federal Government), under the State plan developed under part B (including any such amounts), or under the Social Services Block Grant Programs under subtitle A of title XX (including any such amounts). ‘‘(ii) OTHER STATE PROGRAMS .—State expenditures for foster care prevention services and activities under any State program that is not described in clause (i) (other than any State expenditures for foster care prevention services and activities under the State program under this part (including under a waiver of the program)). ‘‘(C) STATE EXPENDITURES .—The term ‘State expenditures’ means all State or local funds that are expended by the State or a local agency including State or local funds that are matched or reimbursed by the Federal Government and State or local funds that are not matched or reimbursed by the Federal Government. ‘‘(D) DETERMINATION OF PREVENTION SERVICES  
AND ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary shall require each State that elects to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1) to report the expenditures specified in subparagraph (B) for fiscal year 2014 and for such fiscal years thereafter as are necessary to determine whether the State is complying with the maintenance of effort requirement in subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall specify the specific services and activities under each program referred to in subparagraph (B) that are ‘prevention services and activities’ for purposes of the reports. ‘‘(E) STATE DESCRIBED .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), a State is described in this subparagraph if the population of children in the State in 2014 was less than 200,000 (as determined by the United States Census Bureau). ‘‘(8) PROHIBITION AGAINST USE OF STATE FOS TER CARE PREVENTION EXPENDITURES AND FED ERAL IV –E PREVENTION FUNDS FOR MATCHING OR  
EXPENDITURE REQUIREMENT .—A State that elects to provide services and programs specified in paragraph (1) shall not use any State foster care prevention expenditures for a fiscal year for the State share of expenditures under section 474(a)(6) for a fiscal year. ‘‘(9) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—Expenditures described in section 474(a)(6)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall not be eligible for payment under subparagraph (A), (B), or (E) of section 474(a)(3); and ‘‘(B) shall be eligible for payment under section 474(a)(6)(B) without regard to whether the expenditures are incurred on behalf of a child who is, or is potentially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part. ‘‘(10) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The provision of services or programs under this subsection to or on behalf of a child described in paragraph (2) shall not be considered to be receipt of aid or assistance under the State plan under this part for purposes of eligibility for any other program established under this Act. ‘‘(B) CANDIDATES IN KINSHIP CARE .—A child described in paragraph (2) for whom such services or programs under this subsection are provided for more than 6 months while in the home of a kin caregiver, and who would satisfy the AFDC eligibility requirement of section 472(a)(3)(A)(ii)(II) but for residing in the home of the caregiver for more than 6 months, is deemed to satisfy that requirement for purposes of determining whether the child is eligible for foster care maintenance payments under section 472.’’. (b) DEFINITION .—Section 475 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(13) The term ‘child who is a candidate for foster care’ means, a child who is identified in a prevention plan under section 471(e)(4)(A) as being at imminent risk of entering foster care (without regard to whether the child would be eligible for foster care maintenance payments under section 472 or is or would be eligible for adoption assistance or kinship guardianship assistance payments under section 473) but who can remain safely in the child’s home or in a kinship placement as long as services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1) that are necessary to prevent the entry of the child into foster care are provided. The term includes a child whose adoption or guardianship arrangement is at risk of a disruption or dissolution that would result in a foster care placement.’’. (c) PAYMENTS UNDER TITLE IV–E.—Section 474(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) subject to section 471(e)— ‘‘(A) for each quarter— ‘‘(i) subject to clause (ii)— ‘‘(I) beginning after September 30, 2019, and before October 1, 2026, an amount equal to 50 percent of the total amount expended during the quarter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or wellsupported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C); and ‘‘(II) beginning after September 30, 2026, an amount equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage (which shall be as defined in section 1905(b), in the case of a State other than the District of Columbia, or 70 percent, in the case of the District of Columbia) of the total amount expended during the quarter for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with promising, supported, or wellsupported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C) (or, with respect to the payments made during the quarter under a cooperative agreement or contract entered into by the State and an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium for the administration or payment of funds under this part, an amount equal to the Federal medical assistance percentage that would apply under section 479B(d) (in this paragraph referred to as the ‘tribal FMAP’) if the Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium made the payments under a program operated under that section, unless the tribal FMAP is less than the Federal medical assistance percentage that applies to the State); except that ‘‘(ii) not less than 50 percent of the total amount expended by a State under clause (i) for a fiscal year shall be for the provision of services or programs specified in subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 471(e)(1) that are provided in accordance with wellsupported practices; plus ‘‘(B) for each quarter specified in subparagraph (A), an amount equal to the sum of the following proportions of the total amount expended during the quarter— ‘‘(i) 50 percent of so much of the expenditures as are found necessary by the Secretary for the proper and efficient administration of the State plan for the provision of services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1), including expenditures for activities approved by the Secretary that promote the development of necessary processes and procedures to establish and implement the provision of the services and programs for individuals who are eligible for the services and programs and expenditures attributable to data collection and reporting; and ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of so much of the expenditures with respect to the provision of services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) as are for training of personnel employed or preparing for employment by the State agency or by the local agency administering the plan in the political subdivision and of the members of the staff of Statelicensed or Stateapproved child welfare agencies providing services to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, including on how to determine who are individuals eligible for the services or programs, how to identify and provide appropriate services and programs, and how to oversee and evaluate the ongoing appropriateness of the services and programs.’’. (d) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BESTPRACTICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , AND DATACOLLECTION  
ANDEVALUATIONS .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BESTPRACTICES , CLEARINGHOUSE , DATACOLLECTION , AND EVALUATIONS RELATING TO PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND BEST PRAC TICES .—The Secretary shall provide to States and, as applicable, to Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and tribal consortia, technical assistance regarding the provision of services and 
programs described in section 471(e)(1) and shall disseminate best practices with respect to the provision of the services and programs, including how to plan and implement a welldesigned and rigorous evaluation of a promising, supported, or wellsupported practice. ‘‘(2) CLEARINGHOUSE OF PROMISING , SUPPORTED , AND WELL SUPPORTED PRACTICES .—The Secretary shall, directly or through grants, contracts, or interagency agreements, evaluate research on the practices specified in clauses (iii), (iv), and (v), respectively, of section 471(e)(4)(C), and programs that meet the requirements described in section 427(a)(1), including culturally specific, or location or populationbased adaptations of the practices, to identify and establish a public clearinghouse of the practices that satisfy each category described by such clauses. In addition, the clearinghouse shall include information on the specific outcomes associated with each practice, including whether the practice has been shown to prevent child abuse and neglect and reduce the likelihood of foster care placement by supporting birth families and kinship families and improving targeted supports for pregnant and parenting youth and their children. ‘‘(3) DATA COLLECTION AND EVALUATIONS .— The Secretary, directly or through grants, contracts, or interagency agreements, may collect data and conduct evaluations with respect to the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) for purposes of assessing the extent to which the provision of the services and programs— ‘‘(A) reduces the likelihood of foster care placement; ‘‘(B) increases use of kinship care arrangements; or ‘‘(C) improves child wellbeing. ‘‘(4) REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives periodic reports based on the provision of services and programs described in section 471(e)(1) and the activities carried out under this subsection. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the reports to Congress submitted under this paragraph publicly available. ‘‘(5) APPROPRIATION .—Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Secretary $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and each fiscal year thereafter to carry out this subsection.’’. (e) APPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (C)(i)— (I) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (II) in subclause (III), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) at the option of the tribe, organization, or consortium, services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers, in accordance with section 471(e) and subparagraph (E).’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) PREVENTION SERVICES AND PROGRAMS  
CAREGIVERS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a tribe, organization, or consortium that elects to provide services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1) to children described in section 471(e)(2) and their parents or kin caregivers under the plan, the Secretary shall specify the requirements applicable to the provision of the services and programs. The requirements shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be consistent with the requirements applicable to States under section 471(e) and shall permit the provision of the services and programs in the form of services and programs that are adapted to the culture and context of the tribal communities served. ‘‘(ii) PERFORMANCE MEASURES .—The Secretary shall establish specific performance measures for each tribe, organization, or consortium that elects to provide services and programs specified in section 471(e)(1). The performance measures shall, to the greatest extent practicable, be consistent with the prevention services measures required for States under section 471(e)(6) but shall allow for consideration of factors unique to the provision of the services by tribes, organizations, or consortia.’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1), by striking ‘‘and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(5), and (6)(A)’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading for subsection (d) of section 479B of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c) is amended by striking ‘‘
FORFOSTERCAREMAINTENANCE AND ADOPTION ASSISTANCE PAYMENTS ’’. (f) APPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  TERRITORIES .—Section 1108(a)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or 413(f)’’ and inserting ‘‘413(f), or 474(a)(6)’’. 
SEC. 50712. FOSTER CARE MAINTENANCE PAYMENTS FOR CHILDREN WITH PARENTS IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILYBASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘, with a parent residing in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (j), or in a’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) CHILDREN PLACED WITH A PARENT RESIDING IN A LICENSED RESIDENTIAL FAMILY BASED TREATMENT FACILITY FOR SUBSTANCE ABUSE.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this section, a child who is eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this section, or who would be eligible for the payments if the eligibility were determined without regard to paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a), shall be eligible for the payments for a period of not more than 12 months during which the child is placed with a parent who is in a licensed residential familybased treatment facility for substance abuse, but only if— ‘‘(A) the recommendation for the placement is specified in the child’s case plan before the placement; ‘‘(B) the treatment facility provides, as part of the treatment for substance abuse, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling; and ‘‘(C) the substance abuse treatment, parenting skills training, parent education, and individual and family counseling is provided under an organizational structure and treatment framework that involves understanding, recognizing, and responding to the effects of all types of trauma and in accordance with recognized principles of a traumainformed approach and traumaspecific interventions to address the consequences of trauma and facilitate healing. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—With respect to children for whom foster care maintenance payments are made under paragraph (1), only the children who satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B) and (3) of subsection (a) shall be considered to be children with respect to whom foster care maintenance payments are made under this section for purposes of subsection (h) or section 473(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘subject to section 472(j),’’ before ‘‘an amount equal to the Federal’’ the first place it appears. SEC. 50713. TITLE IV–E PAYMENTS FOR EVIDENCEBASED KINSHIP NAVIGATOR PROGRAMS. 
Section 474(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)), as amended by section 50711(c), is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; plus’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) an amount equal to 50 percent of the amounts expended by the State during the quarter as the Secretary determines are for kinship navigator programs that meet the requirements described in section 427(a)(1) and that the Secretary determines are operated in accordance with promising, supported, or wellsupported practices that meet the applicable criteria specified for the practices in section 471(e)(4)(C), without regard to whether the expenditures are incurred on behalf of children who are, or are potentially, eligible for foster care maintenance payments under this part.’’. PART II—ENHANCED SUPPORT UNDER TITLE IV–B 
SEC. 50721. ELIMINATION OF TIME LIMIT FOR FAMILY REUNIFICATION SERVICES WHILE IN FOSTER CARE AND PERMITTING TIMELIMITED FAMILY REUNIFICATION SERVICES WHEN A CHILD RETURNS HOME FROM FOSTER CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 431(a)(7) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629a(a)(7)) is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘TIMELIMITED FAMILY ’’ and inserting ‘‘F AMILY’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘timelimited family’’ and inserting ‘‘family’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘or a child who has been returned home’’ after ‘‘child care institution’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘, but only during the 15 month period that begins on the date that the child, pursuant to section 475(5)(F), is considered to have entered foster care’’ and inserting ‘‘and to ensure the strength and stability of the reunification. In the case of a child who has been returned home, the services and activities shall only be provided during the 15month period that begins on the date that the child returns home’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 430 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘timelimited’’. (2) Subsections (a)(4), (a)(5)(A), and (b)(1) of section 432 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629b) are amended by striking ‘‘timelimited’’ each place it appears. 
SEC. 50722. REDUCING BUREAUCRACY AND UNNECESSARY DELAYS WHEN PLACING CHILDREN IN HOMES ACROSS STATE LINES. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(25)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘provide’’ and inserting ‘‘provides’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘, which, in the case of a State other than the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, or American Samoa, not later than October 1, 2027, shall include the use of an electronic interstate caseprocessing system’’ before the first semicolon. (b) EXEMPTION OF INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 479B(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 679c(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) INAPPLICABILITY OF STATE PLAN REQUIRE MENT TO HAVE IN EFFECT PROCEDURES PROVIDING  
CASEPROCESSING SYSTEM .—.The requirement in section 471(a)(25) that a State plan provide that the State shall have in effect procedures providing for the use of an electronic interstate 
caseprocessing system shall not apply to an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium that elects to operate a program under this part.’’. (c) FUNDING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  ELECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASEPROCESSING SYSTEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OR FOR ADOPTION .—Section 437 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) FUNDING FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF AN  ELECTRONIC INTERSTATE CASEPROCESSING SYSTEM TO EXPEDITE THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OR FOR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(1) PURPOSE .—The purpose of this subsection is to facilitate the development of an electronic interstate caseprocessing system for the exchange of data and documents to expedite the placements of children in foster, guardianship, or adoptive homes across State lines. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—A State that seeks funding under this subsection shall submit to the Secretary the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the goals and outcomes to be achieved, which goals and outcomes must result in— ‘‘(i) reducing the time it takes for a child to be provided with a safe and appropriate permanent living arrangement across State lines; ‘‘(ii) improving administrative processes and reducing costs in the foster care system; and ‘‘(iii) the secure exchange of relevant case files and other necessary materials in real time, and timely communications and placement decisions regarding interstate placements of children. ‘‘(B) A description of the activities to be funded in whole or in part with the funds, including the sequencing of the activities. ‘‘(C) A description of the strategies for integrating programs and services for children who are placed across State lines. ‘‘(D) Such other information as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) FUNDING AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may provide funds to a State that complies with paragraph (2). In providing funds under this subsection, the Secretary shall prioritize States that are not yet connected with the electronic interstate caseprocessing system referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) USE OF FUNDS .—A State to which funding is provided under this subsection shall use the funding to support the State in connecting with, or enhancing or expediting services provided under, the electronic interstate caseprocessing system referred to in paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 1 year after the final year in which funds are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Congress, and make available to the general public by posting on a website, a report that contains the following information: ‘‘(A) How using the electronic interstate case processing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) has changed the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(B) The number of cases subject to the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children that were processed through the electronic interstate caseprocessing system, and the number of interstate child placement cases that were processed outside the electronic interstate caseprocessing system, by each State in each year. ‘‘(C) The progress made by States in implementing the electronic interstate caseprocessing system. ‘‘(D) How using the electronic interstate case processing system has affected various metrics related to child safety and wellbeing, including the time it takes for children to be placed across State lines. ‘‘(E) How using the electronic interstate case processing system has affected administrative costs and caseworker time spent on placing children across State lines. ‘‘(6) DATA INTEGRATION .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretariat for the Interstate Compact on the Placement of Children and the States, shall assess how the electronic interstate caseprocessing system developed pursuant to paragraph (4) could be used to better serve and protect children that come to the attention of the child welfare system, by— ‘‘(A) connecting the system with other data systems (such as systems operated by State law enforcement and judicial agencies, systems operated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation for the purposes of the Innocence Lost National Initiative, and other systems); ‘‘(B) simplifying and improving reporting related to paragraphs (34) and (35) of section 471(a) regarding children or youth who have been identified as being a sex trafficking victim or children missing from foster care; and ‘‘(C) improving the ability of States to quickly comply with background check requirements of section 471(a)(20), including checks of child abuse and neglect registries as required by section 471(a)(20)(B).’’. (d) RESERVATION OF FUNDS TOIMPROVE THE  INTERSTATE PLACEMENT OF CHILDREN .—Section 437(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) IMPROVING THE INTERSTATE PLACEMENT  
OF CHILDREN .—The Secretary shall reserve $5,000,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2018 for grants under subsection (g), and the amount so reserved shall remain available through fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 50723. ENHANCEMENTS TO GRANTS TO IMPROVE WELLBEING OF FAMILIES AFFECTED BY SUBSTANCE ABUSE. 
Section 437(f) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(f)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘INCREASE THE WELLBEING OF , ANDTOIMPROVE  
THEPERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AFFECTED BY ’’ and inserting ‘‘I MPLEMENT IV–E PREVENTION SERVICES , ANDIMPROVE THE WELL BEING OF , AND IMPROVE PERMANENCY OUTCOMES FOR , CHILDREN AND FAMILIES AFFECTED  
BYHEROIN , OPIOIDS , ANDOTHER’’; (2) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REGIONAL PARTNERSHIP DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘regional partnership’ means a collaborative agreement (which may be established on an interstate, State, or intrastate basis) entered into by the following: ‘‘(A) MANDATORY PARTNERS FOR ALL PARTNER SHIP GRANTS .— ‘‘(i) The State child welfare agency that is responsible for the administration of the State plan under this part and part E. ‘‘(ii) The State agency responsible for administering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant provided under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the Public Health Service Act. ‘‘(B) MANDATORY PARTNERS FOR PARTNERSHIP  
OFHOME PLACEMENTS .—If the partnership proposes to serve children in outofhome placements, the Juvenile Court or Administrative Office of the Court that is most appropriate to oversee the administration of court programs in the region to address the population of families who come to the attention of the court due to child abuse or neglect. ‘‘(C) OPTIONAL PARTNERS .—At the option of the partnership, any of the following: ‘‘(i) An Indian tribe or tribal consortium. ‘‘(ii) Nonprofit child welfare service providers. ‘‘(iii) Forprofit child welfare service providers. ‘‘(iv) Community health service providers, including substance abuse treatment providers. ‘‘(v) Community mental health providers. ‘‘(vi) Local law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(vii) School personnel. ‘‘(viii) Tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortia of the agencies). ‘‘(ix) Any other providers, agencies, personnel, officials, or entities that are related to the provision of child and family services under a State plan approved under this subpart. ‘‘(D) EXCEPTION FOR REGIONAL PARTNERSHIPS  
OR TRIBAL CONSORTIA .—If an Indian tribe or tribal consortium enters into a regional partnership for purposes of this subsection, the Indian tribe or tribal consortium— ‘‘(i) may (but is not required to) include the State child welfare agency as a partner in the collaborative agreement; ‘‘(ii) may not enter into a collaborative agreement only with tribal child welfare agencies (or a consortium of the agencies); and ‘‘(iii) if the condition described in paragraph (2)(B) applies, may include tribal court organizations in lieu of other judicial partners.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$500,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000 and not more than $1,000,000’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by inserting ‘‘; 
PLANNING ’’ after ‘‘ APPROVAL ’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (ii) and (iii)’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) SUFFICIENT PLANNING .—A grant awarded under this subsection shall be disbursed in two phases: a planning phase (not to exceed 2 years) and an implementation phase. The total disbursement to a grantee for the planning phase may not exceed $250,000, and may not exceed the total anticipated funding for the implementation phase.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) LIMITATION ON PAYMENT FOR A FISCAL  
YEAR.—No payment shall be made under subparagraph (A) or (C) for a fiscal year until the Secretary determines that the eligible partnership has made sufficient progress in meeting the goals of the grant and that the members of the eligible partnership are coordinating to a reasonable degree with the other members of the eligible partnership.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘, parents, and families’’ after ‘‘children’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘safety and permanence for such children; and’’ and inserting ‘‘safe, permanent caregiving relationships for the children;’’; (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ and inserting ‘‘increase reunification rates for children who have been placed in outofhome care, or decrease’’; and (iv) by redesignating clause (iii) as clause (v) and inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) improve the substance abuse treatment outcomes for parents including retention in treatment and successful completion of treatment; ‘‘(iv) facilitate the implementation, delivery, and effectiveness of prevention services and programs under section 471(e); and’’; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘where appropriate,’’; and (C) by striking subparagraphs (E) and (F) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) A description of a plan for sustaining the services provided by or activities funded under the grant after the conclusion of the grant period, including through the use of prevention services and programs under section 471(e) and other funds provided to the State for child welfare and substance abuse prevention and treatment services. ‘‘(F) Additional information needed by the Secretary to determine that the proposed activities and implementation will be consistent with research or evaluations showing which practices and approaches are most effective.’’; (5) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse treatment’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder treatment including medication assisted treatment 
and inhome substance abuse disorder treatment and recovery’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (C); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) demonstrate a track record of successful collaboration among child welfare, substance abuse disorder treatment and mental health agencies; and’’; (7) in paragraph (8)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘establish indicators that will be’’ and inserting ‘‘review indicators that are’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in using funds made available under such grants to achieve the purpose of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘and establish a set of core indicators related to child safety, parental recovery, parenting capacity, and family wellbeing. In developing the core indicators, to the extent possible, indicators shall be made consistent with the outcome measures described in section 471(e)(6)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘base the performance measures on lessons learned from prior rounds of regional partnership grants under this subsection, and’’ before ‘‘consult’’; and (ii) by striking clauses (iii) and (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) Other stakeholders or constituencies as determined by the Secretary.’’; (8) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking clause (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) SEMIANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than September 30 of each fiscal year in which a recipient of a grant under this subsection is paid funds under the grant, and every 6 months thereafter, the grant recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report on the services provided and activities carried out during the reporting period, progress made in achieving the goals of the program, the number of children, adults, and families receiving services, and such additional information as the Secretary determines is necessary. The report due not later than September 30 of the last such fiscal year shall include, at a minimum, data on each of the performance indicators included in the evaluation of the regional partnership.’’; and (9) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. PART III—MISCELLANEOUS 
SEC. 50731. REVIEWING AND IMPROVING LICENSING STANDARDS FOR PLACEMENT IN A RELATIVE FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF REPUTABLE MODEL LICENSING STANDARDS .—Not later than October 1, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall identify reputable model licensing standards with respect to the licensing of foster family homes (as defined in section 472(c)(1) of the Social Security Act). (b) STATE PLANREQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (34)(B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in paragraph (35)(B), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(36) provides that, not later than April 1, 2019, the State shall submit to the Secretary information addressing— ‘‘(A) whether the State licensing standards are in accord with model standards identified by the Secretary, and if not, the reason for the specific deviation and a description as to why having a standard that is reasonably in accord with the corresponding national model standards is not appropriate for the State; ‘‘(B) whether the State has elected to waive standards established in 471(a)(10)(A) for relative foster family homes (pursuant to waiver authority provided by 471(a)(10)(D)), a description of which standards the State most commonly waives, and if the State has not elected to waive the standards, the reason for not waiving these standards; ‘‘(C) if the State has elected to waive standards specified in subparagraph (B), how caseworkers are trained to use the waiver authority and whether the State has developed a process or provided tools to assist caseworkers in waiving nonsafety standards per the authority provided in 471(a)(10)(D) to quickly place children with relatives; and ‘‘(D) a description of the steps the State is taking to improve caseworker training or the process, if any; and’’. SEC. 50732. DEVELOPMENT OF A STATEWIDE PLAN TO PREVENT CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT FATALITIES. 
Section 422(b)(19) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(19)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(19) document steps taken to track and prevent child maltreatment deaths by including— ‘‘(A) a description of the steps the State is taking to compile complete and accurate information on the deaths required by Federal law to be reported by the State agency referred to in paragraph (1), including gathering relevant information on the deaths from the relevant organizations in the State including entities such as State vital statistics department, child death review teams, law enforcement agencies, offices of medical examiners, or coroners; and ‘‘(B) a description of the steps the State is taking to develop and implement a comprehensive, statewide plan to prevent the fatalities that involves and engages relevant public and private agency partners, including those in public health, law enforcement, and the courts.’’. 
SEC. 50733. MODERNIZING THE TITLE AND PURPOSE OF TITLE IV–E. 
(a) P ARTHEADING .—The heading for part E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 670 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘PART E—FEDERAL PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE, PREVENTION, AND PERMANENCY’’. (b) PURPOSE .—The first sentence of section 470 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 670) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1995) and’’ and inserting ‘‘1995),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘kinship guardianship assistance, and prevention services or programs specified in section 471(e)(1),’’ after ‘‘needs,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘(commencing with the fiscal year which begins October 1, 1980)’’. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), subject to subsection (b), the amendments made by parts I through III of this subtitle shall take effect on October 1, 2018. (2) EXCEPTIONS .—The amendments made by sections 50711(d), 50731, and 50733 shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) TRANSITION RULE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by parts I through III of this subtitle, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of such part solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet such additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (2) APPLICATION TO PROGRAMS OPERATED BY  
INDIAN TRIBAL ORGANIZATIONS .—In the case of an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires time to take action necessary to comply with the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by parts I through III of this subtitle (whether the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium has a plan under section 479B of the Social Security Act or a cooperative agreement or contract entered into with a State), the Secretary shall provide the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium with such additional time as the Secretary determines is necessary for the tribe, organization, or tribal consortium to take the action to comply with the additional requirements before being regarded as failing to comply with the requirements. PART IV—ENSURING THE NECESSITY OF A PLACEMENT THAT IS NOT IN A FOSTER FAMILY HOME 
SEC. 50741. LIMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THAT ARE NOT IN FOSTER FAMILY HOMES. 
(a) L IMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 472 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 672), as amended by section 50712(a), is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2)(C), by inserting ‘‘, but only to the extent permitted under subsection (k)’’ after ‘‘institution’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) LIMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning with the third week for which foster care maintenance payments are made under this section on behalf of a child placed in a childcare institution, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child unless— ‘‘(A) the child is placed in a childcare institution that is a setting specified in paragraph (2) (or is placed in a licensed residential family based treatment facility consistent with subsection (j)); and ‘‘(B) in the case of a child placed in a qualified residential treatment program (as defined in paragraph (4)), the requirements specified in paragraph (3) and section 475A(c) are met. ‘‘(2) SPECIFIED SETTINGS FOR PLACEMENT .— The settings for placement specified in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) A qualified residential treatment program (as defined in paragraph (4)). ‘‘(B) A setting specializing in providing prenatal, postpartum, or parenting supports for youth. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, a supervised setting in which the child is living independently. ‘‘(D) A setting providing highquality residential care and supportive services to children and youth who have been found to be, or are at risk of becoming, sex trafficking victims, in accordance with section 471(a)(9)(C). ‘‘(3) ASSESSMENT TO DETERMINE APPROPRIATE NESS OF PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL  
TREATMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(A) DEADLINE FOR ASSESSMENT .—In the case of a child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program, if the assessment required under section 475A(c)(1) is not completed within 30 days after the placement is made, no Federal payment shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for any amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child during the placement. ‘‘(B) DEADLINE FOR TRANSITION OUT OF PLACE MENT .—If the assessment required under section 475A(c)(1) determines that the placement of a child in a qualified residential treatment program is not appropriate, a court disapproves 
such a placement under section 475A(c)(2), or a child who has been in an approved placement in a qualified residential treatment program is going to return home or be placed with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive parent, or in a foster family home, Federal payments shall be made to the State under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of the child while the child remains in the qualified residential treatment program only during the period necessary for the child to transition home or to such a placement. In no event shall a State receive Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) for amounts expended for foster care maintenance payments on behalf of a child who remains placed in a qualified residential treatment program after the end of the 30day period that begins on the date a determination is made that the placement is no longer the recommended or approved placement for the child. ‘‘(4) QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PRO GRAM .—For purposes of this part, the term ‘qualified residential treatment program’ means a program that— ‘‘(A) has a traumainformed treatment model that is designed to address the needs, including clinical needs as appropriate, of children with serious emotional or behavioral disorders or disturbances and, with respect to a child, is able to implement the treatment identified for the child by the assessment of the child required under section 475A(c); ‘‘(B) subject to paragraphs (5) and (6), has registered or licensed nursing staff and other licensed clinical staff who— ‘‘(i) provide care within the scope of their practice as defined by State law; ‘‘(ii) are onsite according to the treatment model referred to in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) are available 24 hours a day and 7 days a week; ‘‘(C) to extent appropriate, and in accordance with the child’s best interests, facilitates participation of family members in the child’s treatment program; ‘‘(D) facilitates outreach to the family members of the child, including siblings, documents how the outreach is made (including contact information), and maintains contact information for any known biological family and fictive kin of the child; ‘‘(E) documents how family members are integrated into the treatment process for the child, including postdischarge, and how sibling connections are maintained; ‘‘(F) provides discharge planning and family based aftercare support for at least 6 months postdischarge; and ‘‘(G) is licensed in accordance with section 471(a)(10) and is accredited by any of the following independent, notforprofit organizations: ‘‘(i) The Commission on Accreditation of Rehabilitation Facilities (CARF). ‘‘(ii) The Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (JCAHO). ‘‘(iii) The Council on Accreditation (COA). ‘‘(iv) Any other independent, notforprofit accrediting organization approved by the Secretary. ‘‘(5) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The prohibition in paragraph (1) on Federal payments under section 474(a)(1) shall not be construed as prohibiting Federal payments for administrative expenditures incurred on behalf of a child placed in a childcare institution and for which payment is available under section 474(a)(3). ‘‘(6) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The requirements in paragraph (4)(B) shall not be construed as requiring a qualified residential treatment program to acquire nursing and behavioral health staff solely through means of a direct employer to employee relationship.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 474(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 674(a)(1)), as amended by section 50712(b), is amended by striking ‘‘section 472(j)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (j) and (k) of section 472’’. (b) DEFINITION OF FOSTER FAMILY HOME, CHILDCARE INSTITUTION .—Section 472(c) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 672(c)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) FOSTER FAMILY HOME .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘foster family home’ means the home of an individual or family— ‘‘(i) that is licensed or approved by the State in which it is situated as a foster family home that meets the standards established for the licensing or approval; and ‘‘(ii) in which a child in foster care has been placed in the care of an individual, who resides with the child and who has been licensed or approved by the State to be a foster parent— ‘‘(I) that the State deems capable of adhering to the reasonable and prudent parent standard; ‘‘(II) that provides 24hour substitute care for children placed away from their parents or other caretakers; and ‘‘(III) that provides the care for not more than six children in foster care. ‘‘(B) STATE FLEXIBILITY .—The number of foster children that may be cared for in a home under subparagraph (A) may exceed the numerical limitation in subparagraph (A)(ii)(III), at the option of the State, for any of the following reasons: ‘‘(i) To allow a parenting youth in foster care to remain with the child of the parenting youth. ‘‘(ii) To allow siblings to remain together. ‘‘(iii) To allow a child with an established meaningful relationship with the family to remain with the family. ‘‘(iv) To allow a family with special training or skills to provide care to a child who has a severe disability. ‘‘(C) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not be construed as prohibiting a foster parent from renting the home in which the parent cares for a foster child placed in the parent’s care. ‘‘(2) CHILDCARE INSTITUTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘childcare institution’ means a private childcare institution, or a public childcare institution which accommodates no more than 25 children, which is licensed by the State in which it is situated or has been approved by the agency of the State responsible for licensing or approval of institutions of this type as meeting the standards established for the licensing. ‘‘(B) SUPERVISED SETTINGS .—In the case of a child who has attained 18 years of age, the term shall include a supervised setting in which the individual is living independently, in accordance with such conditions as the Secretary shall establish in regulations. ‘‘(C) EXCLUSIONS .—The term shall not include detention facilities, forestry camps, training schools, or any other facility operated primarily for the detention of children who are determined to be delinquent.’’. (c) TRAINING FOR STATE JUDGES , ATTORNEYS , 
AND OTHER LEGAL PERSONNEL IN CHILD WELFARE CASES.—Section 438(b)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(b)(1)) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by inserting ‘‘shall provide for the training of judges, attorneys, and other legal personnel in child welfare cases on Federal child welfare policies and payment limitations with respect to children in foster care who are placed in settings that are not a foster family home,’’ after ‘‘with respect to the child,’’. (d) ASSURANCE OF NONIMPACT ON JUVENILE  JUSTICE SYSTEM .— (1) STATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)), as amended by section 50731, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(37) includes a certification that, in response to the limitation imposed under section 472(k) with respect to foster care maintenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, the State will not enact or advance policies or practices that would result in a significant increase in the population of youth in the State’s juvenile justice system.’’. (2) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall evaluate the impact, if any, on State juvenile justice systems of the limitation imposed under section 472(k) of the Social Security Act (as added by section 50741(a)(1)) on foster care maintenance payments made on behalf of any child who is placed in a setting that is not a foster family home, in accordance with the amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) of this section. In particular, the Comptroller General shall evaluate the extent to which children in foster care who also are subject to the juvenile justice system of the State are placed in a facility under the jurisdiction of the juvenile justice system and whether the lack of available congregate care placements under the jurisdiction of the child welfare systems is a contributing factor to that result. Not later than December 31, 2025, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the evaluation. 
SEC. 50742. ASSESSMENT AND DOCUMENTATION OF THE NEED FOR PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PROGRAM. 
Section 475A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 675a) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) ASSESSMENT , DOCUMENTATION , ANDJUDICIAL DETERMINATION REQUIREMENTS FOR  PLACEMENT IN A QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL TREATMENT PROGRAM .—In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program (as defined in section 472(k)(4)), the following requirements shall apply for purposes of approving the case plan for the child and the case system review procedure for the child: ‘‘(1)(A) Within 30 days of the start of each placement in such a setting, a qualified individual (as defined in subparagraph (D)) shall— ‘‘(i) assess the strengths and needs of the child using an ageappropriate, evidencebased, validated, functional assessment tool approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) determine whether the needs of the child can be met with family members or through placement in a foster family home or, if not, which setting from among the settings specified in section 472(k)(2) would provide the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and be consistent with the short and longterm goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(iii) develop a list of childspecific short and longterm mental and behavioral health goals. ‘‘(B)(i) The State shall assemble a family and permanency team for the child in accordance with the requirements of clauses (ii) and (iii). The qualified individual conducting the assessment required under subparagraph (A) shall work in conjunction with the family of, and permanency team for, the child while conducting and making the assessment. ‘‘(ii) The family and permanency team shall consist of all appropriate biological family members, relative, and fictive kin of the child, as well as, as appropriate, professionals who are a resource to the family of the child, such as teachers, medical or mental health providers who have treated the child, or clergy. In the case of a child who has attained age 14, the family and permanency team shall include the members of the permanency planning team for the child that are selected by the child in accordance with section 475(5)(C)(iv). ‘‘(iii) The State shall document in the child’s case plan— ‘‘(I) the reasonable and good faith effort of the State to identify and include all the individuals described in clause (ii) on the child’s family and permanency team; ‘‘(II) all contact information for members of the family and permanency team, as well as 
contact information for other family members and fictive kin who are not part of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(III) evidence that meetings of the family and permanency team, including meetings relating to the assessment required under subparagraph (A), are held at a time and place convenient for family; ‘‘(IV) if reunification is the goal, evidence demonstrating that the parent from whom the child was removed provided input on the members of the family and permanency team; ‘‘(V) evidence that the assessment required under subparagraph (A) is determined in conjunction with the family and permanency team; ‘‘(VI) the placement preferences of the family and permanency team relative to the assessment that recognizes children should be placed with their siblings unless there is a finding by the court that such placement is contrary to their best interest; and ‘‘(VII) if the placement preferences of the family and permanency team and child are not the placement setting recommended by the qualified individual conducting the assessment under subparagraph (A), the reasons why the preferences of the team and of the child were not recommended. ‘‘(C) In the case of a child who the qualified individual conducting the assessment under subparagraph (A) determines should not be placed in a foster family home, the qualified individual shall specify in writing the reasons why the needs of the child cannot be met by the family of the child or in a foster family home. A shortage or lack of foster family homes shall not be an acceptable reason for determining that the needs of the child cannot be met in a foster family home. The qualified individual also shall specify in writing why the recommended placement in a qualified residential treatment program is the setting that will provide the child with the most effective and appropriate level of care in the least restrictive environment and how that placement is consistent with the short and longterm goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child. ‘‘(D)(i) Subject to clause (ii), in this subsection, the term ‘qualified individual’ means a trained professional or licensed clinician who is not an employee of the State agency and who is not connected to, or affiliated with, any placement setting in which children are placed by the State. ‘‘(ii) The Secretary may approve a request of a State to waive any requirement in clause (i) upon a submission by the State, in accordance with criteria established by the Secretary, that certifies that the trained professionals or licensed clinicians with responsibility for performing the assessments described in subparagraph (A) shall maintain objectivity with respect to determining the most effective and appropriate placement for a child. ‘‘(2) Within 60 days of the start of each placement in a qualified residential treatment program, a family or juvenile court or another court (including a tribal court) of competent jurisdiction, or an administrative body appointed or approved by the court, independently, shall— ‘‘(A) consider the assessment, determination, and documentation made by the qualified individual conducting the assessment under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) determine whether the needs of the child can be met through placement in a foster family home or, if not, whether placement of the child in a qualified residential treatment program provides the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment and whether that placement is consistent with the short and longterm goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; and ‘‘(C) approve or disapprove the placement. ‘‘(3) The written documentation made under paragraph (1)(C) and documentation of the determination and approval or disapproval of the placement in a qualified residential treatment program by a court or administrative body under paragraph (2) shall be included in and made part of the case plan for the child. ‘‘(4) As long as a child remains placed in a qualified residential treatment program, the State agency shall submit evidence at each status review and each permanency hearing held with respect to the child— ‘‘(A) demonstrating that ongoing assessment of the strengths and needs of the child continues to support the determination that the needs of the child cannot be met through placement in a foster family home, that the placement in a qualified residential treatment program provides the most effective and appropriate level of care for the child in the least restrictive environment, and that the placement is consistent with the short and longterm goals for the child, as specified in the permanency plan for the child; ‘‘(B) documenting the specific treatment or service needs that will be met for the child in the placement and the length of time the child is expected to need the treatment or services; and ‘‘(C) documenting the efforts made by the State agency to prepare the child to return home or to be placed with a fit and willing relative, a legal guardian, or an adoptive parent, or in a foster family home. ‘‘(5) In the case of any child who is placed in a qualified residential treatment program for more than 12 consecutive months or 18 nonconsecutive months (or, in the case of a child who has not attained age 13, for more than 6 consecutive or nonconsecutive months), the State agency shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) the most recent versions of the evidence and documentation specified in paragraph (4); and ‘‘(B) the signed approval of the head of the State agency for the continued placement of the child in that setting.’’. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 422(b)(15)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(15)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vi), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) by redesignating clause (vii) as clause (viii); and (3) by inserting after clause (vi) the following: ‘‘(vii) the procedures and protocols the State has established to ensure that children in foster care placements are not inappropriately diagnosed with mental illness, other emotional or behavioral disorders, medically fragile conditions, or developmental disabilities, and placed in settings that are not foster family homes as a result of the inappropriate diagnoses; and’’. (b) EVALUATION .—Section 476 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 676), as amended by section 50711(d), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) EVALUATION OF STATE PROCEDURES AND  PROTOCOLS TOPREVENT INAPPROPRIATE DIAGNOSES OF MENTAL ILLNESS OR OTHER CONDITIONS .—The Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the procedures and protocols established by States in accordance with the requirements of section 422(b)(15)(A)(vii). The evaluation shall analyze the extent to which States comply with and enforce the procedures and protocols and the effectiveness of various State procedures and protocols and shall identify best practices. Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary shall submit a report on the results of the evaluation to Congress.’’. 
SEC. 50744. ADDITIONAL DATA AND REPORTS REGARDING CHILDREN PLACED IN A SETTING THAT IS NOT A FOSTER FAMILY HOME. 
Section 479A(a)(7)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 679b(a)(7)(A)) is amended by striking clauses (i) through (vi) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) with respect to each such placement— ‘‘(I) the type of the placement setting, including whether the placement is shelter care, a group home and if so, the range of the child population in the home, a residential treatment facility, a hospital or institution providing medical, rehabilitative, or psychiatric care, a setting specializing in providing prenatal, postpartum, or parenting supports, or some other kind of childcare institution and if so, what kind; ‘‘(II) the number of children in the placement setting and the age, race, ethnicity, and gender of each of the children; ‘‘(III) for each child in the placement setting, the length of the placement of the child in the setting, whether the placement of the child in the setting is the first placement of the child and if not, the number and type of previous placements of the child, and whether the child has special needs or another diagnosed mental or physical illness or condition; and ‘‘(IV) the extent of any specialized education, treatment, counseling, or other services provided in the setting; and ‘‘(ii) separately, the number and ages of children in the placements who have a permanency plan of another planned permanent living arrangement; and’’. SEC. 50745. CRIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS AND CHECKS OF CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT REGISTRIES FOR ADULTS WORKING IN CHILDCARE INSTITUTIONS AND OTHER GROUP CARE SETTINGS. 
(a) S TATE PLAN REQUIREMENT .—Section 471(a)(20) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B)(iii), by striking ‘‘and’’after the semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (C), by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) provides procedures for any childcare institution, including a group home, residential treatment center, shelter, or other congregate care setting, to conduct criminal records checks, including fingerprintbased checks of national crime information databases (as defined in section 534(f)(3)(A) of title 28, United States Code), and checks described in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph, on any adult working in a childcare institution, including a group home, residential treatment center, shelter, or other congregate care setting, unless the State reports to the Secretary the alternative criminal records checks and child abuse registry checks the State conducts on any adult working in a childcare institution, including a group home, residential treatment center, shelter, or other congregate care setting, and why the checks specified in this subparagraph are not appropriate for the State;’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 471(a)(20) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 671(a)(20)) are each amended by striking ‘‘section 534(e)(3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 534(f)(3)(A)’’. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2) and subsections (b), (c), and (d), the amendments made by this part shall take effect as if enacted on January 1, 2018. (2) TRANSITION RULE .—In the case of a State plan under part B or E of title IV of the Social Security Act which the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines requires State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) in order for the plan to meet the additional requirements imposed by the amendments made by this part, the State plan shall not be regarded as failing to comply with the requirements of part B or E of title IV of such Act solely on the basis of the failure of the plan to meet the additional requirements before the first day of the first calendar quarter beginning after the close of the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of enactment 
of this Act. For purposes of the previous sentence, in the case of a State that has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session shall be deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. (b) LIMITATION ON FEDERAL FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION FOR PLACEMENTS THATARENOT IN  FOSTER FAMILY HOMES AND RELATED PROVISIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by sections 50741(a), 50741(b), 50741(d), and 50742 shall take effect on October 1, 2019. (2) STATE OPTION TO DELAY EFFECTIVE DATE  
FOR NOT MORE THAN 2 YEARS .—If a State requests a delay in the effective date, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall delay the effective date provided for in paragraph (1) with respect to the State for the amount of time requested by the State, not to exceed 2 years. If the effective date is so delayed for a period with respect to a State under the preceding sentence, then— (A) notwithstanding section 50734, the date that the amendments made by section 50711(c) take effect with respect to the State shall be delayed for the period; and (B) in applying section 474(a)(6) of the Social Security Act with respect to the State, ‘‘on or after the date this paragraph takes effect with respect to the State’’ is deemed to be substituted for ‘‘after September 30, 2019’’ in subparagraph (A)(i)(I) of such section. (c) CRIMINAL RECORDS CHECKS AND CHECKS OF  CHILD ABUSE AND NEGLECT REGISTRIES FOR  ADULTS WORKING IN CHILDCARE INSTITUTIONS  
ANDOTHER GROUP CARESETTINGS .—Subject to subsection (a)(2), the amendments made by section 50745 shall take effect on October 1, 2018. (d) APPLICATION TO STATES WITHWAIVERS .— In the case of a State that, on the date of enactment of this Act, has in effect a waiver approved under section 1130 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1320a–9), the amendments made by this part shall not apply with respect to the State before the expiration (determined without regard to any extensions) of the waiver to the extent the amendments are inconsistent with the terms of the waiver. PART V—CONTINUING SUPPORT FOR CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES 
SEC. 50751. SUPPORTING AND RETAINING FOSTER FAMILIES FOR CHILDREN. 
(a) S UPPORTING AND RETAINING FOSTER PARENTS AS A FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICE .—Section 431(a)(2)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 631(a)(2)(B)) is amended by redesignating clauses (iii) through (vi) as clauses (iv) through (vii), respectively, and inserting after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) To support and retain foster families so they can provide quality familybased settings for children in foster care.’’. (b) SUPPORT FOR FOSTER FAMILY HOMES .— Section 436 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) SUPPORT FOR FOSTER FAMILY HOMES .— Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there are appropriated to the Secretary for fiscal year 2018, $8,000,000 for the Secretary to make competitive grants to States, Indian tribes, or tribal consortia to support the recruitment and retention of highquality foster families to increase their capacity to place more children in family settings, focused on States, Indian tribes, or tribal consortia with the highest percentage of children in nonfamily settings. The amount appropriated under this subparagraph shall remain available through fiscal year 2022.’’. 
SEC. 50752. EXTENSION OF CHILD AND FAMILY SERVICES PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XTENSION OF STEPHANIE TUBBS JONES CHILD WELFARE SERVICES PROGRAM .—Section 425 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 625) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (b) EXTENSION OF PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLEFAMILIES PROGRAM AUTHORIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 436(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f(a)) is amended by striking all that follows ‘‘$345,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021.’’. (2) DISCRETIONARY GRANTS .—Section 437(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629g(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (c) EXTENSION OF FUNDING RESERVATIONS FOR  MONTHLY CASEWORKER VISITS AND REGIONAL  PARTNERSHIP GRANTS .—Section 436(b) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629f(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (d) REAUTHORIZATION OF FUNDING FOR STATE COURTS .— (1) EXTENSION OF PROGRAM .—Section 438(c)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (2) EXTENSION OF FEDERAL SHARE .—Section 438(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(d)) is amended by striking ‘‘2012 through 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017 through 2021’’. (e) REPEAL OF EXPIRED PROVISIONS .—Section 438(e) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 629h(e)) is repealed. 
SEC. 50753. IMPROVEMENTS TO THE JOHN H. CHAFEE FOSTER CARE INDEPENDENCE PROGRAM AND RELATED PROVISIONS. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOSERVE FORMER FOSTER  YOUTH UPTOAGE23.—Section 477 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 677) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by inserting ‘‘(or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certification under subsection (b)(3)(A)(ii) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with such subsection)’’ after ‘‘21 years of age’’; (2) in subsection (b)(3)(A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ before ‘‘A certification’’; (B) by striking ‘‘children who have left foster care’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age.’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) If the State has elected under section 475(8)(B) to extend eligibility for foster care to all children who have not attained 21 years of age, or if the Secretary determines that the State agency responsible for administering the State plans under this part and part B uses State funds or any other funds not provided under this part to provide services and assistance for youths who have aged out of foster care that are comparable to the services and assistance the youths would receive if the State had made such an election, the certification required under clause (i) may provide that the State will provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 23 years of age.’’; and (3) in subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘children who have left foster care’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained 21 years of age (or 23 years of age, in the case of a State with a certification under subparagraph (A)(i) to provide assistance and services to youths who have aged out of foster care and have not attained such age, in accordance with subparagraph (A)(ii)).’’. (b) AUTHORITY TOREDISTRIBUTE UNSPENT  FUNDS.—Section 477(d) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘or does not expend allocated funds within the time period specified under section 477(d)(3)’’ after ‘‘provided by the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) REDISTRIBUTION OF UNEXPENDED  
AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) AVAILABILITY OF AMOUNTS .—To the extent that amounts paid to States under this section in a fiscal year remain unexpended by the States at the end of the succeeding fiscal year, the Secretary may make the amounts available for redistribution in the second succeeding fiscal year among the States that apply for additional funds under this section for that second succeeding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) REDISTRIBUTION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall redistribute the amounts made available under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year among eligible applicant States. In this subparagraph, the term ‘eligible applicant State’ means a State that has applied for additional funds for the fiscal year under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that the State will use the funds for the purpose for which originally allotted under this section. ‘‘(ii) AMOUNT TO BE REDISTRIBUTED .—The amount to be redistributed to each eligible applicant State shall be the amount so made available multiplied by the State foster care ratio, (as defined in subsection (c)(4), except that, in such subsection, ‘all eligible applicant States (as defined in subsection (d)(5)(B)(i))’ shall be substituted for ‘all States’). ‘‘(iii) TREATMENT OF REDISTRIBUTED  
AMOUNT .—Any amount made available to a State under this paragraph shall be regarded as part of the allotment of the State under this section for the fiscal year in which the redistribution is made. ‘‘(C) TRIBES .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘State’ includes an Indian tribe, tribal organization, or tribal consortium that receives an allotment under this section.’’. (c) EXPANDING AND CLARIFYING THE USE OF  EDUCATION AND TRAINING VOUCHERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 477(i)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘on the date’’ and all that follows through ‘‘23’’ and inserting ‘‘to remain eligible until they attain 26’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, but in no event may a youth participate in the program for more than 5 years (whether or not consecutive)’’ before the period. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 477(i)(1) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677(i)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘who have attained 14 years of age’’ before the period. (d) OTHER IMPROVEMENTS .—Section 477 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 677), as amended by subsections (a), (b), and (c), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
FOR SUCCESSFUL TRANSITION TO ADULTHOOD ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘identify children who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age and to help these children make the transition to selfsufficiency by providing services’’ and inserting ‘‘support all youth who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older in their transition to adulthood through transitional services’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘and postsecondary education’’ after ‘‘high school diploma’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘training in daily living skills, training in budgeting and financial management skills’’ and inserting ‘‘training and opportunities to practice daily living skills (such as financial literacy training and driving instruction)’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age receive the education, training, and services necessary to obtain employment’’ and inserting ‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older achieve meaningful, permanent connections with a caring adult’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘who are likely to remain in foster care until 18 years of age prepare for and enter postsecondary training and education institutions’’ and inserting 
‘‘who have experienced foster care at age 14 or older engage in age or developmentally appropriate activities, positive youth development, and experiential learning that reflects what their peers in intact families experience’’; and (D) by striking paragraph (4) and redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (7); (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by striking ‘‘adolescents’’ and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘including training on youth development’’ after ‘‘to provide training’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘adolescents preparing for independent living’’ and all that follows through the period and inserting ‘‘youth preparing for a successful transition to adulthood and making a permanent connection with a caring adult.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘adolescents’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘youth’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (K)— (I) by striking ‘‘an adolescent’’ and inserting ‘‘a youth’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the adolescent’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the youth’’; and (4) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the National Youth in Transition Database and any other databases in which States report outcome measures relating to children in foster care and children who have aged out of foster care or left foster care for kinship guardianship or adoption. The report shall include the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the reasons for entry into foster care and of the foster care experiences, such as length of stay, number of placement settings, case goal, and discharge reason of 17yearolds who are surveyed by the National Youth in Transition Database and an analysis of the comparison of that description with the reasons for entry and foster care experiences of children of other ages who exit from foster care before attaining age 17. ‘‘(B) A description of the characteristics of the individuals who report poor outcomes at ages 19 and 21 to the National Youth in Transition Database. ‘‘(C) Benchmarks for determining what constitutes a poor outcome for youth who remain in or have exited from foster care and plans the executive branch will take to incorporate these benchmarks in efforts to evaluate child welfare agency performance in providing services to children transitioning from foster care. ‘‘(D) An analysis of the association between types of placement, number of overall placements, time spent in foster care, and other factors, and outcomes at ages 19 and 21. ‘‘(E) An analysis of the differences in outcomes for children in and formerly in foster care at age 19 and 21 among States.’’. (e) CLARIFYING DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED TO  FOSTER YOUTH LEAVING FOSTER CARE.—Section 475(5)(I) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 675(5)(I)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘REAL ID Act of 2005’’ the following: ‘‘, and any official documentation necessary to prove that the child was previously in foster care’’. PART VI—CONTINUING INCENTIVES TO STATES TO PROMOTE ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP 
SEC. 50761. REAUTHORIZING ADOPTION AND LEGAL GUARDIANSHIP INCENTIVE PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 473A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘2013 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2020’’; (2) in subsection (h)(1)(D), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (3) in subsection (h)(2), by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017. PART VII—TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS 
SEC. 50771. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS TO IMPROVE PROGRAM COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 440 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 629m) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Management and Budget and considering State government perspectives, by rule, designate data exchange standards to govern, under this part and part E— ‘‘(1) necessary categories of information that State agencies operating programs under State plans approved under this part are required under applicable Federal law to electronically exchange with another State agency; and ‘‘(2) Federal reporting and data exchange required under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange standards required by paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(1) incorporate a widely accepted, nonproprietary, searchable, computerreadable format, such as the Extensible Markup Language; ‘‘(2) contain interoperable standards developed and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Information Exchange Model; ‘‘(3) incorporate interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal entities with authority over contracting and financial assistance; ‘‘(4) be consistent with and implement applicable accounting principles; ‘‘(5) be implemented in a manner that is cost effective and improves program efficiency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(6) be capable of being continually upgraded as necessary. ‘‘(c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards found to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a proposed rule that— (1) identifies federally required data exchanges, include specification and timing of exchanges to be standardized, and address the factors used in determining whether and when to standardize data exchanges; and (2) specifies State implementation options and describes future milestones. 
SEC. 50772. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO STATE REQUIREMENT TO ADDRESS THE DEVELOPMENTAL NEEDS OF YOUNG CHILDREN. 
Section 422(b)(18) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 622(b)(18)) is amended by striking ‘‘such children’’ and inserting ‘‘all vulnerable children under 5 years of age’’. PART VIII—ENSURING STATES REINVEST SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The table in section 473(e)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673(e)(1)(B)) is amended by striking the last 2 rows and inserting the following: 
(b) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on January 1, 2018. 
SEC. 50782. GAO STUDY AND REPORT ON STATE REINVESTMENT OF SAVINGS RESULTING FROM INCREASE IN ADOPTION ASSISTANCE. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall study the extent to which States are complying with the requirements of section 473(a)(8) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 673(a)(8)) relating to the effects of phasing out the AFDC income eligibility requirements for adoption assistance payments under section 473 of the Social Security Act, as enacted by section 402 of the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing Adoptions Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–351; 122 Stat. 3975) and amended by section 206 of the Preventing Sex Trafficking and Strengthening Families Act (Public Law 113–183; 128 Stat. 1919). In particular, the Comptroller General shall analyze the extent to which States are complying with the following requirements under section 473(a)(8)(D) of the Social Security Act: (1) The requirement to spend an amount equal to the amount of the savings (if any) in State expenditures under part E of title IV of the Social Security Act resulting from phasing out the AFDC income eligibility requirements for adoption assistance payments under section 473 of such Act to provide to children of families any service that may be provided under part B or E of title IV of such Act. (2) The requirement that a State shall spend not less than 30 percent of the amount of any savings described in paragraph (1) on post adoption services, postguardianship services, and services to support and sustain positive permanent outcomes for children who otherwise might enter into foster care under the responsibility of the State, with at least 
2⁄3of the spending by the State to comply with the 30 percent requirement being spent on postadoption and postguardianship services. (b) REPORT .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services a report that contains the results of the study required by subsection (a), including recommendations to ensure compliance with laws referred to in subsection (a). TITLE VIII—SUPPORTING SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Social Impact Partnerships to Pay for Results Act’’. 
SEC. 50802. SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS TO PAY FOR RESULTS. 
Title XX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397 et seq.) is amended— (1) in the title heading, by striking ‘‘TO STATES’’ and inserting ‘‘AND PROGRAMS’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
PURPOSES  ‘‘SEC. 2051. The purposes of this subtitle are the following: ‘‘(1) To improve the lives of families and individuals in need in the United States by funding social programs that achieve real results. ‘‘(2) To redirect funds away from programs that, based on objective data, are ineffective, and into programs that achieve demonstrable, measurable results. ‘‘(3) To ensure Federal funds are used effectively on social services to produce positive outcomes for both service recipients and taxpayers. ‘‘(4) To establish the use of social impact partnerships to address some of our Nation’s most pressing problems. ‘‘(5) To facilitate the creation of publicprivate partnerships that bundle philanthropic or other private resources with existing public spending to scale up effective social interventions already being implemented by private organizations, nonprofits, charitable organizations, and State and local governments across the country. ‘‘(6) To bring payforperformance to the social sector, allowing the United States to improve the impact and effectiveness of vital social services programs while redirecting inefficient or duplicative spending. ‘‘(7) To incorporate outcomes measurement and randomized controlled trials or other rigorous methodologies for assessing program impact. ‘‘
SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP APPLICATION  ‘‘SEC. 2052. (a) N OTICE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, shall publish in the Federal Register a request for proposals from States or local governments for social impact partnership projects in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) REQUIRED OUTCOMES FOR SOCIAL IMPACT  PARTNERSHIP PROJECT .—To qualify as a social impact partnership project under this subtitle, a project must produce one or more measurable, clearly defined outcomes that result in social benefit and Federal, State, or local savings through any of the following: ‘‘(1) Increasing work and earnings by individuals in the United States who are unemployed for more than 6 consecutive months. ‘‘(2) Increasing employment and earnings of individuals who have attained 16 years of age but not 25 years of age. ‘‘(3) Increasing employment among individuals receiving Federal disability benefits. ‘‘(4) Reducing the dependence of lowincome families on Federal meanstested benefits. ‘‘(5) Improving rates of high school graduation. ‘‘(6) Reducing teen and unplanned pregnancies. ‘‘(7) Improving birth outcomes and early childhood health and development among low income families and individuals. ‘‘(8) Reducing rates of asthma, diabetes, or other preventable diseases among lowincome families and individuals to reduce the utilization of emergency and other highcost care. ‘‘(9) Increasing the proportion of children living in twoparent families. ‘‘(10) Reducing incidences and adverse consequences of child abuse and neglect. ‘‘(11) Reducing the number of youth in foster care by increasing adoptions, permanent guardianship arrangements, reunifications, or placements with a fit and willing relative, or by avoiding placing children in foster care by ensuring they can be cared for safely in their own homes. ‘‘(12) Reducing the number of children and youth in foster care residing in group homes, child care institutions, agencyoperated foster homes, or other nonfamily foster homes, unless it is determined that it is in the interest of the child’s longterm health, safety, or psychological wellbeing to not be placed in a family foster home. ‘‘(13) Reducing the number of children returning to foster care. ‘‘(14) Reducing recidivism among juvenile offenders, individuals released from prison, or other highrisk populations. ‘‘(15) Reducing the rate of homelessness among our most vulnerable populations. ‘‘(16) Improving the health and wellbeing of those with mental, emotional, and behavioral health needs. ‘‘(17) Improving the educational outcomes of specialneeds or lowincome children. ‘‘(18) Improving the employment and well being of returning United States military members. ‘‘(19) Increasing the financial stability of low income families. ‘‘(20) Increasing the independence and employability of individuals who are physically or mentally disabled. ‘‘(21) Other measurable outcomes defined by the State or local government that result in positive social outcomes and Federal savings. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION REQUIRED .—The notice described in subsection (a) shall require a State or local government to submit an application for the social impact partnership project that addresses the following: ‘‘(1) The outcome goals of the project. ‘‘(2) A description of each intervention in the project and anticipated outcomes of the intervention. ‘‘(3) Rigorous evidence demonstrating that the intervention can be expected to produce the desired outcomes. ‘‘(4) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(5) The expected social benefits to participants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(6) Projected Federal, State, and local government costs and other costs to conduct the project. ‘‘(7) Projected Federal, State, and local government savings and other savings, including an estimate of the savings to the Federal Government, on a programbyprogram basis and in the aggregate, if the project is implemented and the outcomes are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(8) If savings resulting from the successful completion of the project are estimated to accrue to the State or local government, the likelihood of the State or local government to realize those savings. ‘‘(9) A plan for delivering the intervention through a social impact partnership model. ‘‘(10) A description of the expertise of each service provider that will administer the intervention, including a summary of the experience of the service provider in delivering the proposed intervention or a similar intervention, or demonstrating that the service provider has the expertise necessary to deliver the proposed intervention. ‘‘(11) An explanation of the experience of the State or local government, the intermediary, or the service provider in raising private and philanthropic capital to fund social service investments. ‘‘(12) The detailed roles and responsibilities of each entity involved in the project, including any State or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(13) A summary of the experience of the service provider in delivering the proposed intervention or a similar intervention, or a summary demonstrating the service provider has the expertise necessary to deliver the proposed intervention. ‘‘(14) A summary of the unmet need in the area where the intervention will be delivered or among the target population who will receive the intervention. ‘‘(15) The proposed payment terms, the methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresholds. ‘‘(16) The project budget. ‘‘(17) The project timeline. ‘‘(18) The criteria used to determine the eligibility of an individual for the project, including how selected populations will be identified, how they will be referred to the project, and how they will be enrolled in the project. ‘‘(19) The evaluation design. ‘‘(20) The metrics that will be used in the evaluation to determine whether the outcomes have been achieved as a result of the intervention and how the metrics will be measured. ‘‘(21) An explanation of how the metrics used in the evaluation to determine whether the outcomes achieved as a result of the intervention are independent, objective indicators of impact and are not subject to manipulation by the service provider, intermediary, or investor. ‘‘(22) A summary explaining the independence of the evaluator from the other entities involved in the project and the evaluator’s experience in conducting rigorous evaluations of program effectiveness including, where available, wellimplemented randomized controlled trials on the intervention or similar interventions. ‘‘(23) The capacity of the service provider to deliver the intervention to the number of participants the State or local government proposes to serve in the project. ‘‘(24) A description of whether and how the State or local government and service providers plan to sustain the intervention, if it is timely and appropriate to do so, to ensure that successful interventions continue to operate after the period of the social impact partnership. ‘‘(d) PROJECT INTERMEDIARY INFORMATION  REQUIRED .—The application described in subsection (c) shall also contain the following information about any intermediary for the social impact partnership project (whether an intermediary is a service provider or other entity): ‘‘(1) Experience and capacity for providing or facilitating the provision of the type of intervention proposed. ‘‘(2) The mission and goals. ‘‘(3) Information on whether the intermediary is already working with service providers that provide this intervention or an explanation of the capacity of the intermediary to begin working with service providers to provide the intervention. ‘‘(4) Experience working in a collaborative environment across government and nongovernmental entities. ‘‘(5) Previous experience collaborating with public or private entities to implement evidence based programs. ‘‘(6) Ability to raise or provide funding to cover operating costs (if applicable to the project). ‘‘(7) Capacity and infrastructure to track outcomes and measure results, including— ‘‘(A) capacity to track and analyze program performance and assess program impact; and ‘‘(B) experience with performancebased awards or performancebased contracting and achieving project milestones and targets. ‘‘(8) Role in delivering the intervention. ‘‘(9) How the intermediary would monitor program success, including a description of the interim benchmarks and outcome measures. ‘‘(e) FEASIBILITY STUDIES FUNDED THROUGH  OTHER SOURCES .—The notice described in subsection (a) shall permit a State or local government to submit an application for social impact partnership funding that contains information from a feasibility study developed for purposes other than applying for funding under this subtitle. ‘‘
AGREEMENTS  ‘‘SEC. 2053. (a) T IMELINE IN AWARDING AGREEMENT .—Not later than 6 months after receiving 
an application in accordance with section 2052, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, shall determine whether to enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project with a State or local government. ‘‘(b) CONSIDERATIONS IN AWARDING AGREEMENT .—In determining whether to enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project (the application for which was submitted under section 2052) the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and the head of any Federal agency administering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, shall consider each of the following: ‘‘(1) The recommendations made by the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(2) The value to the Federal Government of the outcomes expected to be achieved if the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(3) The likelihood, based on evidence provided in the application and other evidence, that the State or local government in collaboration with the intermediary and the service providers will achieve the outcomes. ‘‘(4) The savings to the Federal Government if the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(5) The savings to the State and local governments if the outcomes specified in the agreement are achieved as a result of the intervention. ‘‘(6) The expected quality of the evaluation that would be conducted with respect to the agreement. ‘‘(7) The capacity and commitment of the State or local government to sustain the intervention, if appropriate and timely and if the intervention is successful, beyond the period of the social impact partnership. ‘‘(c) AGREEMENT AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) AGREEMENT REQUIREMENTS .—In accordance with this section, the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and the head of any Federal agency administering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, may enter into an agreement for a social impact partnership project with a State or local government if the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, determines that each of the following requirements are met: ‘‘(A) The State or local government agrees to achieve one or more outcomes as a result of the intervention, as specified in the agreement and validated by independent evaluation, in order to receive payment. ‘‘(B) The Federal payment to the State or local government for each specified outcome achieved as a result of the intervention is less than or equal to the value of the outcome to the Federal Government over a period not to exceed 10 years, as determined by the Secretary, in consultation with the State or local government. ‘‘(C) The duration of the project does not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(D) The State or local government has demonstrated, through the application submitted under section 2052, that, based on prior rigorous experimental evaluations or rigorous quasiexperimental studies, the intervention can be expected to achieve each outcome specified in the agreement. ‘‘(E) The State, local government, intermediary, or service provider has experience raising private or philanthropic capital to fund social service investments (if applicable to the project). ‘‘(F) The State or local government has shown that each service provider has experience delivering the intervention, a similar intervention, or has otherwise demonstrated the expertise necessary to deliver the intervention. ‘‘(2) PAYMENT .—The Secretary shall pay the State or local government only if the independent evaluator described in section 2055 determines that the social impact partnership project has met the requirements specified in the agreement and achieved an outcome as a result of the intervention, as specified in the agreement and validated by independent evaluation. ‘‘(d) NOTICE OF AGREEMENT AWARD .—Not later than 30 days after entering into an agreement under this section the Secretary shall publish a notice in the Federal Register that includes, with regard to the agreement, the following: ‘‘(1) The outcome goals of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘(2) A description of each intervention in the project. ‘‘(3) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(4) The expected social benefits to participants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(5) The detailed roles, responsibilities, and purposes of each Federal, State, or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(6) The payment terms, the methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresholds. ‘‘(7) The project budget. ‘‘(8) The project timeline. ‘‘(9) The project eligibility criteria. ‘‘(10) The evaluation design. ‘‘(11) The metrics that will be used in the evaluation to determine whether the outcomes have been achieved as a result of each intervention and how these metrics will be measured. ‘‘(12) The estimate of the savings to the Federal, State, and local government, on a program byprogram basis and in the aggregate, if the agreement is entered into and implemented and the outcomes are achieved as a result of each intervention. ‘‘(e) AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER ADMINISTRA TION OF AGREEMENT .—The Secretary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authority to administer (including making payments under) an agreement entered into under subsection (c), and any funds necessary to do so. ‘‘(f) REQUIREMENT ON FUNDING USED TO BENEFIT CHILDREN .—Not less than 50 percent of all Federal payments made to carry out agreements under this section shall be used for initiatives that directly benefit children. ‘‘
FEASIBILITY STUDY FUNDING  ‘‘SEC. 2054. (a) R EQUESTS FOR FUNDING FOR  FEASIBILITY STUDIES .—The Secretary shall reserve a portion of the amount made available to carry out this subtitle to assist States or local governments in developing feasibility studies to apply for social impact partnership funding under section 2052. To be eligible to receive funding to assist with completing a feasibility study, a State or local government shall submit an application for feasibility study funding addressing the following: ‘‘(1) A description of the outcome goals of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘(2) A description of the intervention, including anticipated program design, target population, an estimate regarding the number of individuals to be served, and setting for the intervention. ‘‘(3) Evidence to support the likelihood that the intervention will produce the desired outcomes. ‘‘(4) A description of the potential metrics to be used. ‘‘(5) The expected social benefits to participants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(6) Estimated costs to conduct the project. ‘‘(7) Estimates of Federal, State, and local government savings and other savings if the project is implemented and the outcomes are achieved as a result of each intervention. ‘‘(8) An estimated timeline for implementation and completion of the project, which shall not exceed 10 years. ‘‘(9) With respect to a project for which the State or local government selects an intermediary to operate the project, any partnerships needed to successfully execute the project and the ability of the intermediary to foster the partnerships. ‘‘(10) The expected resources needed to complete the feasibility study for the State or local government to apply for social impact partnership funding under section 2052. ‘‘(b) FEDERAL SELECTION OF APPLICATIONS  
FOR FEASIBILITY STUDY .—Not later than 6 months after receiving an application for feasibility study funding under subsection (a), the Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and the head of any Federal agency administering a similar intervention or serving a population similar to that served by the project, shall select State or local government feasibility study proposals for funding based on the following: ‘‘(1) The recommendations made by the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(2) The likelihood that the proposal will achieve the desired outcomes. ‘‘(3) The value of the outcomes expected to be achieved as a result of each intervention. ‘‘(4) The potential savings to the Federal Government if the social impact partnership project is successful. ‘‘(5) The potential savings to the State and local governments if the project is successful. ‘‘(c) PUBLIC DISCLOSURE .—Not later than 30 days after selecting a State or local government for feasibility study funding under this section, the Secretary shall cause to be published on the website of the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships information explaining why a State or local government was granted feasibility study funding. ‘‘(d) FUNDING RESTRICTION .— ‘‘(1) FEASIBILITY STUDY RESTRICTION .—The Secretary may not provide feasibility study funding under this section for more than 50 percent of the estimated total cost of the feasibility study reported in the State or local government application submitted under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) AGGREGATE RESTRICTION .—Of the total amount made available to carry out this subtitle, the Secretary may not use more than $10,000,000 to provide feasibility study funding to States or local governments under this section. ‘‘(3) NO GUARANTEE OF FUNDING .—The Sec retary shall have the option to award no funding under this section. ‘‘(e) SUBMISSION OF FEASIBILITY STUDY REQUIRED .—Not later than 9 months after the receipt of feasibility study funding under this section, a State or local government receiving the funding shall complete the feasibility study and submit the study to the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(f) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec retary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authorities provided in this section and any funds necessary to exercise the authorities. ‘‘
EVALUATIONS  ‘‘SEC. 2055. (a) A UTHORITY TO ENTER INTO AGREEMENTS .—For each State or local government awarded a social impact partnership project approved by the Secretary under this subtitle, the head of the relevant agency, as recommended by the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships and determined by the Secretary, shall enter into an agreement with the State or local government to pay for all or part of the independent evaluation to determine whether the State or local government project has achieved a specific outcome as a result of the intervention in order for the State or 
local government to receive outcome payments under this subtitle. ‘‘(b) EVALUATOR QUALIFICATIONS .—The head of the relevant agency may not enter into an agreement with a State or local government unless the head determines that the evaluator is independent of the other parties to the agreement and has demonstrated substantial experience in conducting rigorous evaluations of program effectiveness including, where available and appropriate, wellimplemented randomized controlled trials on the intervention or similar interventions. ‘‘(c) METHODOLOGIES TO BEUSED.—The eval uation used to determine whether a State or local government will receive outcome payments under this subtitle shall use experimental designs using random assignment or other reliable, evidencebased research methodologies, as certified by the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences when random assignment is not feasible. ‘‘(d) PROGRESS REPORT .— ‘‘(1) SUBMISSION OF REPORT .—The independent evaluator shall— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after a project has been approved by the Secretary and biannually thereafter until the project is concluded, submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written report summarizing the progress that has been made in achieving each outcome specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(B) before the scheduled time of the first outcome payment and before the scheduled time of each subsequent payment, submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written report that includes the results of the evaluation conducted to determine whether an outcome payment should be made along with information on the unique factors that contributed to achieving or failing to achieve the outcome, the challenges faced in attempting to achieve the outcome, and information on the improved future delivery of this or similar interventions. ‘‘(2) SUBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY AND CON GRESS .—Not later than 30 days after receipt of the written report pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships shall submit the report to the Secretary and each committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(e) FINAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) SUBMISSION OF REPORT .—Within 6 months after the social impact partnership project is completed, the independent evaluator shall— ‘‘(A) evaluate the effects of the activities undertaken pursuant to the agreement with regard to each outcome specified in the agreement; and ‘‘(B) submit to the head of the relevant agency and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships a written report that includes the results of the evaluation and the conclusion of the evaluator as to whether the State or local government has fulfilled each obligation of the agreement, along with information on the unique factors that contributed to the success or failure of the project, the challenges faced in attempting to achieve the outcome, and information on the improved future delivery of this or similar interventions. ‘‘(2) SUBMISSION TO THE SECRETARY AND CON GRESS .—Not later than 30 days after receipt of the written report pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships shall submit the report to the Secretary and each committee of jurisdiction in the House of Representatives and the Senate. ‘‘(f) LIMITATION ON COST OF EVALUATIONS .— Of the amount made available under this subtitle for social impact partnership projects, the Secretary may not obligate more than 15 percent to evaluate the implementation and outcomes of the projects. ‘‘(g) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY .—The Sec retary may transfer to the head of another Federal agency the authorities provided in this section and any funds necessary to exercise the authorities. ‘‘
IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS  ‘‘SEC. 2056. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships (in this section referred to as the ‘Council’) to— ‘‘(1) coordinate with the Secretary on the efforts of social impact partnership projects funded under this subtitle; ‘‘(2) advise and assist the Secretary in the development and implementation of the projects; ‘‘(3) advise the Secretary on specific programmatic and policy matter related to the projects; ‘‘(4) provide subjectmatter expertise to the Secretary with regard to the projects; ‘‘(5) certify to the Secretary that each State or local government that has entered into an agreement with the Secretary for a social impact partnership project under this subtitle and each evaluator selected by the head of the relevant agency under section 2055 has access to Federal administrative data to assist the State or local government and the evaluator in evaluating the performance and outcomes of the project; ‘‘(6) address issues that will influence the future of social impact partnership projects in the United States; ‘‘(7) provide guidance to the executive branch on the future of social impact partnership projects in the United States; ‘‘(8) prior to approval by the Secretary, certify that each State and local government application for a social impact partnership contains rigorous, independent data and reliable, evidencebased research methodologies to support the conclusion that the project will yield savings to the State or local government or the Federal Government if the project outcomes are achieved; ‘‘(9) certify to the Secretary, in the case of each approved social impact partnership that is expected to yield savings to the Federal Government, that the project will yield a projected savings to the Federal Government if the project outcomes are achieved, and coordinate with the relevant Federal agency to produce an afteraction accounting once the project is complete to determine the actual Federal savings realized, and the extent to which actual savings aligned with projected savings; and ‘‘(10) provide periodic reports to the Secretary and make available reports periodically to Congress and the public on the implementation of this subtitle. ‘‘(b) COMPOSITION OF COUNCIL .—The Council shall have 11 members, as follows: ‘‘(1) CHAIR.—The Chair of the Council shall be the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(2) OTHER MEMBERS .—The head of each of the following entities shall designate one officer or employee of the entity to be a Council member: ‘‘(A) The Department of Labor. ‘‘(B) The Department of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(C) The Social Security Administration. ‘‘(D) The Department of Agriculture. ‘‘(E) The Department of Justice. ‘‘(F) The Department of Housing and Urban Development. ‘‘(G) The Department of Education. ‘‘(H) The Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(I) The Department of the Treasury. ‘‘(J) The Corporation for National and Community Service. ‘‘
COMMISSION ON SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIPS  ‘‘SEC. 2057. (a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established the Commission on Social Impact Partnerships (in this section referred to as the ‘Commission’). ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The duties of the Commission shall be to— ‘‘(1) assist the Secretary and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships in reviewing applications for funding under this subtitle; ‘‘(2) make recommendations to the Secretary and the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships regarding the funding of social impact partnership agreements and feasibility studies; and ‘‘(3) provide other assistance and information as requested by the Secretary or the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships. ‘‘(c) COMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of nine members, of whom— ‘‘(1) one shall be appointed by the President, who will serve as the Chair of the Commission; ‘‘(2) one shall be appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate; ‘‘(3) one shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate; ‘‘(4) one shall be appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(5) one shall be appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(6) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Finance of the Senate; ‘‘(7) one shall be appointed by the ranking member of the Committee on Finance of the Senate; ‘‘(8) one member shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(9) one shall be appointed by the ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(d) QUALIFICATIONS OF COMMISSION MEMBERS.—The members of the Commission shall— ‘‘(1) be experienced in finance, economics, pay for performance, or program evaluation; ‘‘(2) have relevant professional or personal experience in a field related to one or more of the outcomes listed in this subtitle; or ‘‘(3) be qualified to review applications for social impact partnership projects to determine whether the proposed metrics and evaluation methodologies are appropriately rigorous and reliant upon independent data and evidence based research. ‘‘(e) TIMING OF APPOINTMENTS .—The appointments of the members of the Commission shall be made not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this subtitle, or, in the event of a vacancy, not later than 90 days after the date the vacancy arises. If a member of Congress fails to appoint a member by that date, the President may select a member of the President’s choice on behalf of the member of Congress. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if not all appointments have been made to the Commission as of that date, the Commission may operate with no fewer than five members until all appointments have been made. ‘‘(f) TERM OF APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The members appointed under subsection (c) shall serve as follows: ‘‘(A) Three members shall serve for 2 years. ‘‘(B) Three members shall serve for 3 years. ‘‘(C) Three members (one of which shall be Chair of the Commission appointed by the President) shall serve for 4 years. ‘‘(2) ASSIGNMENT OF TERMS .—The Commission shall designate the term length that each member appointed under subsection (c) shall serve by unanimous agreement. In the event that unanimous agreement cannot be reached, term lengths shall be assigned to the members by a random process. ‘‘(g) VACANCIES .—Subject to subsection (e), in the event of a vacancy in the Commission, whether due to the resignation of a member, the expiration of a member’s term, or any other reason, the vacancy shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made and shall not affect the powers of the Commission. ‘‘(h) APPOINTMENT POWER .—Members of the Commission appointed under subsection (c) shall not be subject to confirmation by the Senate. 
‘‘LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS  ‘‘SEC. 2058. Of the amounts made available to carry out this subtitle, the Secretary may not use more than $2,000,000 in any fiscal year to support the review, approval, and oversight of social impact partnership projects, including activities conducted by— ‘‘(1) the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships; and ‘‘(2) any other agency consulted by the Secretary before approving a social impact partnership project or a feasibility study under section 2054. ‘‘
ENHANCEMENTS  ‘‘SEC. 2059. No amount made available to carry out this subtitle may be used to provide any insurance, guarantee, or other credit enhancement to a State or local government under which a Federal payment would be made to a State or local government as the result of a State or local government failing to achieve an outcome specified in an agreement. ‘‘
AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS  ‘‘SEC. 2060. Amounts made available to carry out this subtitle shall remain available until 10 years after the date of the enactment of this subtitle. ‘‘
WEBSITE  ‘‘SEC. 2061. The Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships shall establish and maintain a public website that shall display the following: ‘‘(1) A copy of, or method of accessing, each notice published regarding a social impact partnership project pursuant to this subtitle. ‘‘(2) A copy of each feasibility study funded under this subtitle. ‘‘(3) For each State or local government that has entered into an agreement with the Secretary for a social impact partnership project, the website shall contain the following information: ‘‘(A) The outcome goals of the project. ‘‘(B) A description of each intervention in the project. ‘‘(C) The target population that will be served by the project. ‘‘(D) The expected social benefits to participants who receive the intervention and others who may be impacted. ‘‘(E) The detailed roles, responsibilities, and purposes of each Federal, State, or local government entity, intermediary, service provider, independent evaluator, investor, or other stakeholder. ‘‘(F) The payment terms, methodology used to calculate outcome payments, the payment schedule, and performance thresholds. ‘‘(G) The project budget. ‘‘(H) The project timeline. ‘‘(I) The project eligibility criteria. ‘‘(J) The evaluation design. ‘‘(K) The metrics used to determine whether the proposed outcomes have been achieved and how these metrics are measured. ‘‘(4) A copy of the progress reports and the final reports relating to each social impact partnership project. ‘‘(5) An estimate of the savings to the Federal, State, and local government, on a programby program basis and in the aggregate, resulting from the successful completion of the social impact partnership project. ‘‘
REGULATIONS  ‘‘SEC. 2062. The Secretary, in consultation with the Federal Interagency Council on Social Impact Partnerships, may issue regulations as necessary to carry out this subtitle. ‘‘
DEFINITIONS  ‘‘SEC. 2063. In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) AGENCY .—The term ‘agency’ has the meaning given that term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) INTERVENTION .—The term ‘intervention’ means a specific service delivered to achieve an impact through a social impact partnership project. ‘‘(3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of the Treasury. ‘‘(4) SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP PROJECT .— The term ‘social impact partnership project’ means a project that finances social services using a social impact partnership model. ‘‘(5) SOCIAL IMPACT PARTNERSHIP MODEL .— The term ‘social impact partnership model’ means a method of financing social services in which— ‘‘(A) Federal funds are awarded to a State or local government only if a State or local government achieves certain outcomes agreed on by the State or local government and the Secretary; and ‘‘(B) the State or local government coordinates with service providers, investors (if applicable to the project), and (if necessary) an intermediary to identify— ‘‘(i) an intervention expected to produce the outcome; ‘‘(ii) a service provider to deliver the intervention to the target population; and ‘‘(iii) investors to fund the delivery of the intervention. ‘‘(6) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means each State of the United States, the District of Columbia, each commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, and each federally recognized Indian tribe. ‘‘
FUNDING  ‘‘SEC. 2064. Out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated $100,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this subtitle.’’. TITLE IX—PUBLIC HEALTH PROGRAMS 
SEC. 50901. EXTENSION FOR COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS, THE NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS, AND TEACHING HEALTH CENTERS THAT OPERATE GME PROGRAMS. 
(a) C OMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS FUNDING .— Section 10503(b)(1)(F) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b– 2(b)(1)(F)), as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115–96, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(F) $3,800,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 and $4,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’. (b) OTHER COMMUNITY HEALTH CENTERS PROVISIONS .—Section 330 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subparagraphs (B) through (D); (B) by striking ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) CENTERS .—The Secretary’’; and (C) in paragraph (1), as amended, by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) as subparagraphs (A) through (E) and moving the margin of each of such redesignated subparagraph 2 ems to the left; (4) by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) IMPROVING QUALITY OF CARE.— ‘‘(1) SUPPLEMENTAL AWARDS .—The Secretary may award supplemental grant funds to health centers funded under this section to implement evidencebased models for increasing access to highquality primary care services, which may include models related to— ‘‘(A) improving the delivery of care for individuals with multiple chronic conditions; ‘‘(B) workforce configuration; ‘‘(C) reducing the cost of care; ‘‘(D) enhancing care coordination; ‘‘(E) expanding the use of telehealth and technologyenabled collaborative learning and capacity building models; ‘‘(F) care integration, including integration of behavioral health, mental health, or substance use disorder services; and ‘‘(G) addressing emerging public health or substance use disorder issues to meet the health needs of the population served by the health center. ‘‘(2) SUSTAINABILITY .—In making supplemental awards under this subsection, the Secretary may consider whether the health center involved has submitted a plan for continuing the activities funded under this subsection after supplemental funding is expended. ‘‘(3) SPECIAL CONSIDERATION .—The Secretary may give special consideration to applications for supplemental funding under this subsection that seek to address significant barriers to access to care in areas with a greater shortage of health care providers and health services relative to the national average.’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1)— (A) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘2 years’’ and inserting ‘‘1 year’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall not make a grant under this paragraph unless the applicant provides assurances to the Secretary that within 120 days of receiving grant funding for the operation of the health center, the applicant will submit, for approval by the Secretary, an implementation plan to meet the requirements of subsection (k)(3). The Secretary may extend such 120day period for achieving compliance upon a demonstration of good cause by the health center.’’; and (B) in subparagraph (C)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘
AND PLANS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘or plan (as described in subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(1))’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘or plan, including the purchase’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘including— ‘‘(i) the purchase’’; (iv) by inserting ‘‘, which may include data and information systems’’ after ‘‘of equipment’’; (v) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) the provision of training and technical assistance; and ‘‘(iii) other activities that— ‘‘(I) reduce costs associated with the provision of health services; ‘‘(II) improve access to, and availability of, health services provided to individuals served by the centers; ‘‘(III) enhance the quality and coordination of health services; or ‘‘(IV) improve the health status of communities.’’; (6) in subsection (e)(5)(B)— (A) in the heading of subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘
AND PLANS ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (c)(1) to a health center or to a network or plan’’ and inserting ‘‘to a health center or to a network’’; (7) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) NEW ACCESS POINTS AND EXPANDED SERV ICES.— ‘‘(A) APPROVAL OF NEW ACCESS POINTS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may approve applications for grants under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) to establish new delivery sites. ‘‘(ii) SPECIAL CONSIDERATION .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary may give special consideration to applicants that have demonstrated the new delivery site will be located within a sparsely populated area, or an area which has a level of unmet need that is higher relative to other applicants. ‘‘(iii) CONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary shall approve applications for grants in such a manner that the ratio of the medically underserved populations in rural areas which may be expected to use the services provided by the applicants involved to the medically underserved populations in urban areas which may be expected to 
use the services provided by the applicants is not less than two to three or greater than three to two. ‘‘(iv) SERVICE AREA OVERLAP .—If in carrying out clause (i) the applicant proposes to serve an area that is currently served by another health center funded under this section, the Secretary may consider whether the award of funding to an additional health center in the area can be justified based on the unmet need for additional services within the catchment area. ‘‘(B) APPROVAL OF EXPANDED SERVICE APPLI CATIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may approve applications for grants under subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) to expand the capacity of the applicant to provide required primary health services described in subsection (b)(1) or additional health services described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(ii) PRIORITY EXPANSION PROJECTS .—In car rying out clause (i), the Secretary may give special consideration to expanded service applications that seek to address emerging public health or behavioral health, mental health, or substance abuse issues through increasing the availability of additional health services described in subsection (b)(2) in an area in which there are significant barriers to accessing care. ‘‘(iii) CONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .—In carrying out clause (i), the Secretary shall approve applications for grants in such a manner that the ratio of the medically underserved populations in rural areas which may be expected to use the services provided by the applicants involved to the medically underserved populations in urban areas which may be expected to use the services provided by such applicants is not less than two to three or greater than three to two.’’; (8) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and children and youth at risk of homelessness’’ and inserting ‘‘, children and youth at risk of homelessness, homeless veterans, and veterans at risk of homelessness’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking subparagraph (B); (ii) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (iii) in subparagraph (B) (as so redesignated)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘
ABUSE ’’ and inserting ‘‘ USE DISORDER ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘abuse’’ and inserting ‘‘use disorder’’; (9) in subsection (k)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
UNMET ’’ before ‘‘ NEED’’; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (e)(6)’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)(1)’’; (iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘unmet’’ before ‘‘need for health services’’; (iv) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (v) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vi) by adding after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) in the case of an application for a grant pursuant to subsection (e)(6), a demonstration that the applicant has consulted with appropriate State and local government agencies, and health care providers regarding the need for the health services to be provided at the proposed delivery site.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (e)(6)’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)(1)(B)’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘in the catchment area of the center’’ and inserting ‘‘, including other health care providers that provide care within the catchment area, local hospitals, and specialty providers in the catchment area of the center, to provide access to services not available through the health center and to reduce the nonurgent use of hospital emergency departments’’; (iii) in subparagraph (H)(ii), by inserting ‘‘who shall be directly employed by the center’’ after ‘‘approves the selection of a director for the center’’; (iv) in subparagraph (L), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (v) in subparagraph (M), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (vi) by inserting after subparagraph (M), the following: ‘‘(N) the center has written policies and procedures in place to ensure the appropriate use of Federal funds in compliance with applicable Federal statutes, regulations, and the terms and conditions of the Federal award.’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (4); (10) in subsection (l), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Funds expended to carry out activities under this subsection and operational support activities under subsection (m) shall not exceed 3 percent of the amount appropriated for this section for the fiscal year involved.’’; (11) in subsection (q)(4), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A waiver provided by the Secretary under this paragraph may not remain in effect for more than 1 year and may not be extended after such period. An entity may not receive more than one waiver under this paragraph in consecutive years.’’; (12) in subsection (r)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress a report concerning the distribution of funds under this section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report including, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) the distribution of funds for carrying out this section’’; (B) by striking ‘‘populations. Such report shall include an assessment’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘populations; ‘‘(B) an assessment’’; (C) by striking ‘‘and the rationale for any substantial changes in the distribution of funds.’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) the distribution of awards and funding for new or expanded services in each of rural areas and urban areas; ‘‘(D) the distribution of awards and funding for establishing new access points, and the number of new access points created; ‘‘(E) the amount of unexpended funding for loan guarantees and loan guarantee authority under title XVI; ‘‘(F) the rationale for any substantial changes in the distribution of funds; ‘‘(G) the rate of closures for health centers and access points; ‘‘(H) the number and reason for any grants awarded pursuant to subsection (e)(1)(B); and ‘‘(I) the number and reason for any waivers provided pursuant to subsection (q)(4).’’; (13) in subsection (r), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) FUNDING FOR PARTICIPATION OF HEALTH  
CENTERS IN ALL OF US RESEARCH PROGRAM .—In addition to any amounts made available pursuant to paragraph (1) of this subsection, section 402A of this Act, or section 10503 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, there is authorized to be appropriated, and there is appropriated, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the Secretary $25,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to support the participation of health centers in the All of Us Research Program under the Precision Medicine Initiative under section 498E of this Act.’’; and (14) by striking subsection (s). (c) NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE CORPS.—Sec tion 10503(b)(2)(F) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–2(b)(2)(F)), as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115– 96, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(F) $310,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019.’’. (d) TEACHING HEALTH CENTERS THATOPERATE  GRADUATE MEDICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS .— (1) PAYMENTS .—Subsection (a) of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) PAYMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (h)(2), the Secretary shall make payments under this section for direct expenses and indirect expenses to qualified teaching health centers that are listed as sponsoring institutions by the relevant accrediting body for, as appropriate— ‘‘(A) maintenance of filled positions at existing approved graduate medical residency training programs; ‘‘(B) expansion of existing approved graduate medical residency training programs; and ‘‘(C) establishment of new approved graduate medical residency training programs. ‘‘(2) PER RESIDENT AMOUNT .—In making payments under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the cost of training residents at teaching health centers and the implications of the per resident amount on approved graduate medical residency training programs at teaching health centers. ‘‘(3) PRIORITY .—In making payments under paragraph (1)(C), the Secretary shall give priority to qualified teaching health centers that— ‘‘(A) serve a health professional shortage area with a designation in effect under section 332 or a medically underserved community (as defined in section 799B); or ‘‘(B) are located in a rural area (as defined in section 1886(d)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act).’’. (2) FUNDING .—Paragraph (1) of section 340H(g) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h(g)), as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115–96, is amended by striking ‘‘and $30,000,000 for the period of the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘and $126,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019,’’. (3) ANNUAL REPORTING .—Subsection (h)(1) of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (H); and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) The number of patients treated by residents described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(E) The number of visits by patients treated by residents described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(F) Of the number of residents described in paragraph (4) who completed their residency training at the end of such residency academic year, the number and percentage of such residents entering primary care practice (meaning any of the areas of practice listed in the definition of a primary care residency program in section 749A). ‘‘(G) Of the number of residents described in paragraph (4) who completed their residency training at the end of such residency academic year, the number and percentage of such residents who entered practice at a health care facility— ‘‘(i) primarily serving a health professional shortage area with a designation in effect under section 332 or a medically underserved community (as defined in section 799B); or ‘‘(ii) located in a rural area (as defined in section 1886(d)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act).’’. (4) REPORT ON TRAINING COSTS .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Congress a report on the direct graduate expenses of approved graduate medical residency training programs, and the indirect expenses associated with the additional costs of teaching residents, of qualified teaching health centers (as such terms are used or defined in section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h)). (5) DEFINITION .—Subsection (j) of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended— 
(A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) NEW APPROVED GRADUATE MEDICAL RESI DENCY TRAINING PROGRAM .—The term ‘new approved graduate medical residency training program’ means an approved graduate medical residency training program for which the sponsoring qualified teaching health center has not received a payment under this section for a previous fiscal year (other than pursuant to subsection (a)(1)(C)).’’. (6) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Subsection (f) of section 340H (42 U.S.C. 256h) is amended by striking ‘‘hospital’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘teaching health center’’. (7) PAYMENTS FOR PREVIOUS FISCAL YEARS .— The provisions of section 340H of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 256h), as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of Public Law 115–96, shall continue to apply with respect to payments under such section for fiscal years before fiscal year 2018. (e) APPLICATION .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to this section for fiscal year 2018 or 2019 are subject to the requirements contained in Public Law 115–31 for funds for programs authorized under sections 330 through 340 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–256). (f) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Paragraph (4) of section 3014(h) of title 18, United States Code, as amended by section 3101 of Public Law 115– 96, is amended by striking ‘‘and section 3101(d) of the CHIP and Public Health Funding Extension Act’’ and inserting ‘‘and section 50901(e) of the Advancing Chronic Care, Extenders, and Social Services Act’’. 
(a) S PECIAL DIABETES PROGRAM FOR TYPEI DIABETES .—Section 330B(b)(2)(D) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c–2(b)(2)(D)), as amended by section 3102 of Public Law 115– 96, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, to remain available until expended.’’. (b) SPECIAL DIABETES PROGRAM FOR INDIANS.—Subparagraph (D) of section 330C(c)(2) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254c– 3(c)(2)), as amended by section 3102 of Public Law 115–96, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019, to remain available until expended.’’. TITLE X—MISCELLANEOUS HEALTH CARE POLICIES 
(a) B UDGET NEUTRAL TRANSITION TO A 30DAY UNIT OF PAYMENT FOR HOME HEALTH SERVICES.—Section 1895(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘
PAYMENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In defining’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) 30DAY UNIT OF SERVICE .—For purposes of implementing the prospective payment system with respect to home health units of service furnished during a year beginning with 2020, the Secretary shall apply a 30day unit of service as the unit of service applied under this paragraph.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) BUDGET NEUTRALITY FOR 2020 .—With re spect to payments for home health units of service furnished that end during the 12month period beginning January 1, 2020, the Secretary shall calculate a standard prospective payment amount (or amounts) for 30day units of service (as described in paragraph (2)(B)) for the prospective payment system under this subsection. Such standard prospective payment amount (or amounts) shall be calculated in a manner such that the estimated aggregate amount of expenditures under the system during such period with application of paragraph (2)(B) is equal to the estimated aggregate amount of expenditures that otherwise would have been made under the system during such period if paragraph (2)(B) had not been enacted. The previous sentence shall be applied before (and not affect the application of) paragraph (3)(B). In calculating such amount (or amounts), the Secretary shall make assumptions about behavior changes that could occur as a result of the implementation of paragraph (2)(B) and the casemix adjustment factors established under paragraph (4)(B) and shall provide a description of such assumptions in the notice and comment rulemaking used to implement this clause.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) BEHAVIOR ASSUMPTIONS AND ADJUST MENTS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall annually determine the impact of differences between assumed behavior changes (as described in paragraph (3)(A)(iv)) and actual behavior changes on estimated aggregate expenditures under this subsection with respect to years beginning with 2020 and ending with 2026. ‘‘(ii) PERMANENT ADJUSTMENTS .—The Sec retary shall, at a time and in a manner determined appropriate, through notice and comment rulemaking, provide for one or more permanent increases or decreases to the standard prospective payment amount (or amounts) for applicable years, on a prospective basis, to offset for such increases or decreases in estimated aggregate expenditures (as determined under clause (i)). ‘‘(iii) TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENTS FOR RETRO SPECTIVE BEHAVIOR .—The Secretary shall, at a time and in a manner determined appropriate, through notice and comment rulemaking, provide for one or more temporary increases or decreases to the payment amount for a unit of home health services (as determined under paragraph (4)) for applicable years, on a prospective basis, to offset for such increases or decreases in estimated aggregate expenditures (as determined under clause (i)). Such a temporary increase or decrease shall apply only with respect to the year for which such temporary increase or decrease is made, and the Secretary shall not take into account such a temporary increase or decrease in computing such amount under this subsection for a subsequent year.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘FACTORS .—The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘FACTORS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF THERAPY THRESHOLDS .— For 2020 and subsequent years, the Secretary shall eliminate the use of therapy thresholds (established by the Secretary) in case mix adjustment factors established under clause (i) for calculating payments under the prospective payment system under this subsection.’’. (b) TECHNICAL EXPERT PANEL.— (1) IN GENERAL .—During the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2018, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall hold at least one session of a technical expert panel, the participants of which shall include home health providers, patient representatives, and other relevant stakeholders. The technical expert panel shall identify and prioritize recommendations with respect to the prospective payment system for home health services under section 1895(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)), on the following: (A) The Home Health Groupings Model, as described in the proposed rule ‘‘Medicare and Medicaid Programs; CY 2018 Home Health Prospective Payment System Rate Update and Proposed CY 2019 CaseMix Adjustment Methodology Refinements; Home Health ValueBased Purchasing Model; and Home Health Quality Reporting Requirements’’ (82 Fed. Reg. 35294 through 35332 (July 28, 2017)). (B) Alternative casemix models to the Home Health Groupings Model that were submitted during 2017 as comments in response to proposed rule making, including patientfocused factors that consider the risks of hospitalization and readmission to a hospital, improvement or maintenance of functionality of individuals to increase the capacity for selfcare, quality of care, and resource utilization. (2) INAPPLICABILITY OF FACA .—The provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the technical expert panel under paragraph (1). (3) REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the recommendations of such panel described in such paragraph. (4) NOTICE AND COMMENT RULEMAKING .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall pursue notice and comment rulemaking on a casemix system with respect to the prospective payment system for home health services under section 1895(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)). (c) REPORTS .— (1) INTERIM REPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2022, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall submit to Congress an interim report on the application of a 30day unit of service as the unit of service applied under section 1895(b)(2) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)(2)), as amended by subsection (a), including an analysis of the level of payments provided to home health agencies as compared to the cost of delivering home health services, and any unintended consequences, including with respect to behavioral changes and quality. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2026, such Commission shall submit to Congress a final report on such application and any such consequences. 
SEC. 51002. INFORMATION TO SATISFY DOCUMENTATION OF MEDICARE ELIGIBILITY FOR HOME HEALTH SERVICES. 
(a) P ARTA.—Section 1814(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(a)) is amended by inserting before ‘‘For purposes of paragraph (2)(C),’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of documentation for physician certification and recertification made under paragraph (2) on or after January 1, 2019, and made with respect to home health services furnished by a home health agency, in addition to using documentation in the medical record of the physician who so certifies or the medical record of the acute or postacute care facility (in the case that home health services were furnished to an individual who was directly admitted to the home health agency from such a facility), the Secretary may use documentation in the medical record of the home health agency as supporting material, as appropriate to the case involved.’’. (b) PARTB.—Section 1835(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395n(a)) is amended by inserting before ‘‘For purposes of paragraph (2)(A),’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘For purposes of documentation for physician certification and recertification made under paragraph (2) on or after January 1, 2019, and made with respect to home health services furnished by a home health agency, in addition to using documentation in the medical record of the physician who so certifies or the medical record of the acute or postacute care facility (in the case that home health services were furnished to an individual who was directly admitted to the home health agency from such a facility), the Secretary may use documentation in the medical record of the home health agency as supporting material, as appropriate to the case involved.’’. 
(a) MIPS T RANSITION .—Section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— (1) in subsection (q)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)(iv)— (I) by amending subclause (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) The minimum number (as determined by the Secretary) of— ‘‘(aa) for performance periods beginning before January 1, 2018, individuals enrolled under this part who are treated by the eligible professional for the performance period involved; and ‘‘(bb) for performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, individuals enrolled under this part who are furnished covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A)) by the eligible professional for the performance period involved.’’; (II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; and (III) by amending subclause (III) to read as follows: ‘‘(III) The minimum amount (as determined by the Secretary) of— ‘‘(aa) for performance periods beginning before January 1, 2018, allowed charges billed by such professional under this part for such performance period; and ‘‘(bb) for performance periods beginning on or after January 1, 2018, allowed charges for covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A)) billed by such professional for such performance period.’’; (B) in paragraph (5)(D)— (i) in clause (i)(I), by inserting ‘‘subject to clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘clauses (i) and (ii) of paragraph (2)(A),’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) TRANSITION YEARS .—For each of the second, third, fourth, and fifth years for which the MIPS applies to payments, the performance score for the performance category described in paragraph (2)(A)(ii) shall not take into account the improvement of the professional involved.’’; (C) in paragraph (5)(E)— (i) in clause (i)(I)(bb)— (I) in the heading by striking ‘‘FIRST 2 YEARS ’’ and inserting ‘‘FIRST 5 YEARS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘the first and second years’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the first through fifth years’’; (ii) in clause (i)(II)(bb)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
5 YEARS ’’; and (II) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following new sentences: ‘‘For each of the second, third, fourth, and fifth years for which the MIPS applies to payments, not less than 10 percent and not more than 30 percent of such score shall be based on performance with respect to the category described in clause (ii) of paragraph (2)(A). Nothing in the previous sentence shall be construed, with respect to a performance period for a year described in the previous sentence, as preventing the Secretary from basing 30 percent of such score for such year with respect to the category described in such clause (ii), if the Secretary determines, based on information posted under subsection (r)(2)(I) that sufficient resource use measures are ready for adoption for use under the performance category under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) for such performance period.’’; (D) in paragraph (6)(D)— (i) in clause (i), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Such performance threshold’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to clauses (iii) and (iv), such performance threshold’’; (ii) in clause (ii)— (I) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘(beginning with 2019 and ending with 2024)’’ after ‘‘for each year of the MIPS’’; and (II) in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘subject to clause (iii),’’ after ‘‘For each such year,’’; (iii) in clause (iii)— (I) in the heading, by striking ‘‘2’’ and insert ing ‘‘
5’’; and (II) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘two years’’ and inserting ‘‘five years’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) ADDITIONAL SPECIAL RULE FOR THIRD , 
FOURTH AND FIFTH YEARS OF MIPS .—For pur poses of determining MIPS adjustment factors under subparagraph (A), in addition to the requirements specified in clause (iii), the Secretary shall increase the performance threshold with respect to each of the third, fourth, and fifth years to which the MIPS applies to ensure a gradual and incremental transition to the performance threshold described in clause (i) (as estimated by the Secretary) with respect to the sixth year to which the MIPS applies.’’; (E) in paragraph (6)(E)— (i) by striking ‘‘In the case of items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘In the case of covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘under this part with respect to such items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘under this part with respect to such covered professional services’’; and (F) in paragraph (7), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘items and services’’ and inserting ‘‘covered professional services (as defined in subsection (k)(3)(A))’’; (2) in subsection (r)(2), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall, not later than December 31st of each year (beginning with 2018), post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services information on resource use measures in use under subsection (q), resource use measures under development and the timeframe for such development, potential future resource use measure topics, a description of stakeholder engagement, and the percent of expenditures under part A and this part that are covered by resource use measures.’’; and (3) in subsection (s)(5)(B), by striking ‘‘section 1833(z)(2)(C)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1833(z)(3)(D)’’. (b) PHYSICIAN FOCUSED PAYMENT MODEL  TECHNICAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE PROVISION OF  INITIAL PROPOSAL FEEDBACK .—Section 1868(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ee(c)(2)(C)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) COMMITTEE REVIEW OF MODELS SUB MITTED .—The Committee, on a periodic basis— ‘‘(i) shall review models submitted under subparagraph (B); ‘‘(ii) may provide individuals and stakeholder entities who submitted such models with— ‘‘(I) initial feedback on such models regarding the extent to which such models meet the criteria described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(II) an explanation of the basis for the feedback provided under subclause (I); and ‘‘(iii) shall prepare comments and recommendations regarding whether such models meet the criteria described in subparagraph (A) and submit such comments and recommendations to the Secretary.’’. 
SEC. 51004. EXPANDED ACCESS TO MEDICARE INTENSIVE CARDIAC REHABILITATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1861(eee)(4)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(eee)(4)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(vii) stable, chronic heart failure (defined as patients with left ventricular ejection fraction of 35 percent or less and New York Heart Association (NYHA) class II to IV symptoms despite being on optimal heart failure therapy for at least 6 weeks); or ‘‘(viii) any additional condition for which the Secretary has determined that a cardiac rehabilitation program shall be covered, unless the Secretary determines, using the same process used to determine that the condition is covered for a cardiac rehabilitation program, that such coverage is not supported by the clinical evidence.’’. SEC. 51005. EXTENSION OF BLENDED SITE NEUTRAL PAYMENT RATE FOR CERTAIN LONGTERM CARE HOSPITAL DISCHARGES; TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENT TO SITE NEUTRAL PAYMENT RATES. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1886(m)(6)(B)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)(B)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016 or fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2019’’; and (2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. (b) TEMPORARY ADJUSTMENT TO SITENEUTRAL  PAYMENT RATES.—Section 1886(m)(6)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(m)(6)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘In this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to clause (iv), in this paragraph’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) ADJUSTMENT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2026, the amount that would otherwise apply under clause (ii)(I) for the year (determined without regard to this clause) shall be reduced by 4.6 percent.’’. 
SEC. 51006. RECOGNITION OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN ASSISTANTS AS ATTENDING PHYSICIANS TO SERVE HOSPICE PATIENTS. 
(a) R ECOGNITION OF ATTENDING PHYSICIAN ASSISTANTS AS ATTENDING PHYSICIANS TOSERVE HOSPICE PATIENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1861(dd)(3)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(dd)(3)(B)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘or nurse’’ and inserting ‘‘, the nurse’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, or the physician assistant (as defined in such subsection)’’ after ‘‘subsection (aa)(5))’’. (2) CLARIFICATION OF HOSPICE ROLE OF PHYSI CIAN ASSISTANTS .—Section 1814(a)(7)(A)(i)(I) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395f(a)(7)(A)(i)(I)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or a physician assistant’’ after ‘‘a nurse practitioner’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019. 
SEC. 51007. EXTENSION OF ENFORCEMENT INSTRUCTION ON SUPERVISION REQUIREMENTS FOR OUTPATIENT THERAPEUTIC SERVICES IN CRITICAL ACCESS AND SMALL RURAL HOSPITALS THROUGH 2017. 
Section 1 of Public Law 113–198, as amended by section 1 of Public Law 114–112 and section 16004(a) of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114–255), is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
2017’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘and 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2016, and 2017’’. 
SEC. 51008. ALLOWING PHYSICIAN ASSISTANTS, NURSE PRACTITIONERS, AND CLINICAL NURSE SPECIALISTS TO SUPERVISE CARDIAC, INTENSIVE CARDIAC, AND PULMONARY REHABILITATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) C ARDIAC AND INTENSIVE CARDIAC REHABILITATION PROGRAMS .—Section 1861(eee) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(eee)) is amended— 
(1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘physiciansupervised’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘under the supervision of a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’ before the period at the end; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘a physician’’ and inserting ‘‘a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’; and (3) in paragraph (4)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i)— (A) by striking ‘‘physiciansupervised’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘under the supervision of a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’ after ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. (b) PULMONARY REHABILITATION PROGRAMS .— Section 1861(fff)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(fff)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘physiciansupervised’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘under the supervision of a physician (as defined in subsection (r)(1)) or a physician assistant, nurse practitioner, or clinical nurse specialist (as those terms are defined in subsection (aa)(5))’’ before the period at the end. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2024. 
SEC. 51009. TRANSITIONAL PAYMENT RULES FOR CERTAIN RADIATION THERAPY SERVICES UNDER THE PHYSICIAN FEE SCHEDULE. 
Section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(11), by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, 2018, and 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)(K)(iv), by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2017, 2018, and 2019’’. TITLE XI—PROTECTING SENIORS’ ACCESS TO MEDICARE ACT 
SEC. 52001. REPEAL OF THE INDEPENDENT PAYMENT ADVISORY BOARD. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 1899A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kkk) is repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) LOBBYING COOLING OFF PERIOD .—Para graph (3) of section 207(c) of title 18, United States Code, is repealed. (2) GAO 
STUDY AND REPORT .—Section 3403(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kkk–1) is repealed. (3) MEDPAC REVIEW AND COMMENT .—Section 1805(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–6(b)) is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (4); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (8) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; and (C) by redesignating the paragraph (9) that was redesignated by section 3403(c)(1) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) as paragraph (8). (4) NAME CHANGE .—Section 10320(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed. (5) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Section 10320(c) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148) is repealed. TITLE XII—OFFSETS 
Section 1923(f)(7)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–4(f)(7)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (2) in clause (ii), by striking subclauses (I) through (VIII) and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) $4,000,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(II) $8,000,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2025.’’. SEC. 53102. THIRD PARTY LIABILITY IN MEDICAID AND CHIP. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF THIRD PARTY LIABILITY  RULES RELATED TO SPECIAL TREATMENT OF CERTAIN TYPES OF CARE AND PAYMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1902(a)(25)(E) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(25)(E)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘prenatal or’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (b) DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE AND REPEAL OF  CERTAIN BIPARTISAN BUDGET ACT OF 2013 AMENDMENTS .— (1) REPEAL .—Effective as of September 30, 2017, subsection (b) of section 202 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1177; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note) (including any amendments made by such subsection) is repealed and the provisions amended by such subsection shall be applied and administered as if such amendments had never been enacted. (2) DELAY IN EFFECTIVE DATE .—Subsection (c) of section 202 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1177; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2019.’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE ; TREATMENT .—The repeal and amendment made by this subsection shall take effect as if enacted on September 30, 2017, and shall apply with respect to any open claims, including claims pending, generated, or filed, after such date. The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) of section 202 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67; 127 Stat. 1177; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note) that took effect on October 1, 2017, are null and void and section 1902(a)(25) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(25)) shall be applied and administered as if such amendments had not taken effect on such date. (c) GAO STUDY AND REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate on the impacts of the amendments made by subsections (a)(1) and (b)(2), including— (1) the impact, or potential effect, of such amendments on access to prenatal and preventive pediatric care (including early and periodic screening, diagnostic, and treatment services) covered under State plans under such title (or waivers of such plans); (2) the impact, or potential effect, of such amendments on access to services covered under such plans or waivers for individuals on whose behalf child support enforcement is being carried out by a State agency under part D of title IV of such Act; and (3) the impact, or potential effect, on providers of services under such plans or waivers of delays in payment or related issues that result from such amendments. (d) APPLICATION TO CHIP.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2107(e)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397gg(e)(1)) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) through (R) as subparagraphs (C) through (S), respectively; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(B) Section 1902(a)(25) (relating to third party liability).’’. (2) MANDATORY REPORTING .—Section 1902(a)(25)(I)(i) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(25)(I)(i)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘medical assistance under the State plan’’ and inserting ‘‘medical assistance under a State plan (or under a waiver of the plan)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘(and, at State option, child’’ and inserting ‘‘and child’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘title XXI)’’ and inserting ‘‘title XXI’’. SEC. 53103. TREATMENT OF LOTTERY WINNINGS AND OTHER LUMPSUM INCOME FOR PURPOSES OF INCOME ELIGIBILITY UNDER MEDICAID. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1902 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(17), by striking ‘‘(e)(14), (e)(14)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)(14), (e)(15)’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(14), by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(K) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN LOTTERY  
SUM.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an individual who is the recipient of qualified lottery winnings (pursuant to lotteries occurring on or after January 1, 2018) or qualified lump sum income (received on or after such date) and whose eligibility for medical assistance is determined based on the application of modified adjusted gross income under subparagraph (A), a State shall, in determining such eligibility, include such winnings or income (as applicable) as income received— ‘‘(I) in the month in which such winnings or income (as applicable) is received if the amount of such winnings or income is less than $80,000; ‘‘(II) over a period of 2 months if the amount of such winnings or income (as applicable) is greater than or equal to $80,000 but less than $90,000; ‘‘(III) over a period of 3 months if the amount of such winnings or income (as applicable) is greater than or equal to $90,000 but less than $100,000; and ‘‘(IV) over a period of 3 months plus 1 additional month for each increment of $10,000 of such winnings or income (as applicable) received, not to exceed a period of 120 months (for winnings or income of $1,260,000 or more), if the amount of such winnings or income is greater than or equal to $100,000. ‘‘(ii) COUNTING IN EQUAL INSTALLMENTS .—For purposes of subclauses (II), (III), and (IV) of clause (i), winnings or income to which such subclause applies shall be counted in equal monthly installments over the period of months specified under such subclause. ‘‘(iii) HARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—An individual whose income, by application of clause (i), exceeds the applicable eligibility threshold established by the State, shall continue to be eligible for medical assistance to the extent that the State determines, under procedures established by the State (in accordance with standards specified by the Secretary), that the denial of eligibility of the individual would cause an undue medical or financial hardship as determined on the basis of criteria established by the Secretary. ‘‘(iv) NOTIFICATIONS AND ASSISTANCE RE QUIRED IN CASE OF LOSS OF ELIGIBILITY .—A State shall, with respect to an individual who loses eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan (or a waiver of such plan) by reason of clause (i)— ‘‘(I) before the date on which the individual loses such eligibility, inform the individual— ‘‘(aa) of the individual’s opportunity to enroll in a qualified health plan offered through an Exchange established under title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act during the special enrollment period specified in section 9801(f)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (relating to loss of Medicaid or CHIP coverage); and ‘‘(bb) of the date on which the individual would no longer be considered ineligible by reason of clause (i) to receive medical assistance under the State plan or under any waiver of 
such plan and be eligible to reapply to receive such medical assistance; and ‘‘(II) provide technical assistance to the individual seeking to enroll in such a qualified health plan. ‘‘(v) QUALIFIED LOTTERY WINNINGS DEFINED .— In this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified lottery winnings’ means winnings from a sweepstakes, lottery, or pool described in paragraph (3) of section 4402 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or a lottery operated by a multistate or multijurisdictional lottery association, including amounts awarded as a lump sum payment. ‘‘(vi) QUALIFIED LUMP SUM INCOME DEFINED .— In this subparagraph, the term ‘qualified lump sum income’ means income that is received as a lump sum from monetary winnings from gambling (as defined by the Secretary and including gambling activities described in section 1955(b)(4) of title 18, United States Code).’’. (b) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) INTERCEPTION OF LOTTERY WINNINGS AL LOWED .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a)(2) shall be construed as preventing a State from intercepting the State lottery winnings awarded to an individual in the State to recover amounts paid by the State under the State Medicaid plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) for medical assistance furnished to the individual. (2) APPLICABILITY LIMITED TO ELIGIBILITY OF  
INCOME .—Nothing in the amendment made by subsection (a)(2) shall be construed, with respect to a determination of household income for purposes of a determination of eligibility for medical assistance under the State plan under title XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) (or a waiver of such plan) made by applying modified adjusted gross income under subparagraph (A) of section 1902(e)(14) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(e)(14)), as limiting the eligibility for such medical assistance of any individual that is a member of the household other than the individual who received qualified lottery winnings or qualified lumpsum income (as defined in subparagraph (K) of such section 1902(e)(14), as added by subsection (a)(2) of this section). 
SEC. 53104. REBATE OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO LINE EXTENSION DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1927(c)(2)(C) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–8(c)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘(C) 
FORMULATIONS .—In the case’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) TREATMENT OF NEW FORMULATIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a drug that is a line extension of a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug that is an oral solid dosage form, the rebate obligation for a rebate period with respect to such drug under this subsection shall be the greater of the amount described in clause (ii) for such drug or the amount described in clause (iii) for such drug. ‘‘(ii) AMOUNT 1 .—For purposes of clause (i), the amount described in this clause with respect to a drug described in clause (i) and rebate period is the amount computed under paragraph (1) for such drug, increased by the amount computed under subparagraph (A) and, as applicable, subparagraph (B) for such drug and rebate period. ‘‘(iii) AMOUNT 2 .—For purposes of clause (i), the amount described in this clause with respect to a drug described in clause (i) and rebate period is the amount computed under paragraph (1) for such drug, increased by the product of— ‘‘(I) the average manufacturer price for the rebate period of the line extension of a single source drug or an innovator multiple source drug that is an oral solid dosage form; ‘‘(II) the highest additional rebate (calculated as a percentage of average manufacturer price) under this paragraph for the rebate period for any strength of the original single source drug or innovator multiple source drug; and ‘‘(III) the total number of units of each dosage form and strength of the line extension product paid for under the State plan in the rebate period (as reported by the State).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made subsection (a) shall apply with respect to rebate periods beginning on or after October 1, 2018. 
Section 1941(b) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘$980,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. 
Section 1848(d)(18) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4(d)(18)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘paragraph (1)(C)— ‘‘(A) for 2016 and each subsequent year through 2018 shall be 0.5 percent; and ‘‘(B) for 2019 shall be 0.25 percent.’’. 
SEC. 53107. PAYMENT FOR OUTPATIENT PHYSICAL THERAPY SERVICES AND OUTPATIENT OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY SERVICES FURNISHED BY A THERAPY ASSISTANT. 
Section 1834 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395m) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(v) PAYMENT FOR OUTPATIENT PHYSICAL  THERAPY SERVICES AND OUTPATIENT OCCUPA TIONAL THERAPY SERVICES FURNISHED BY A  THERAPY ASSISTANT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an outpatient physical therapy service or outpatient occupational therapy service furnished on or after January 1, 2022, for which payment is made under section 1848 or subsection (k), that is furnished in whole or in part by a therapy assistant (as defined by the Secretary), the amount of payment for such service shall be an amount equal to 85 percent of the amount of payment otherwise applicable for the service under this part. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed to change applicable requirements with respect to such services. ‘‘(2) USE OF MODIFIER .— ‘‘(A) ESTABLISHMENT .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall establish a modifier to indicate (in a form and manner specified by the Secretary), in the case of an outpatient physical therapy service or outpatient occupational therapy service furnished in whole or in part by a therapy assistant (as so defined), that the service was furnished by a therapy assistant. ‘‘(B) REQUIRED USE .—Each request for payment, or bill submitted, for an outpatient physical therapy service or outpatient occupational therapy service furnished in whole or in part by a therapy assistant (as so defined) on or after January 1, 2020, shall include the modifier established under subparagraph (A) for each such service. ‘‘(3) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary shall implement this subsection through notice and comment rulemaking.’’. 
Section 1834(l)(15) of the Social Security Act (42. U.S.C. 1395m(l)(15)) is amended by striking ‘‘on or after October 1, 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2013, and ending on September 30, 2018, and by 23 percent for such services furnished on or after October 1, 2018’’. 
SEC. 53109. HOSPITAL TRANSFER POLICY FOR EARLY DISCHARGES TO HOSPICE CARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1886(d)(5)(J) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ww(d)(5)(J)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (III), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subclause (IV) as subclause (V); and (C) by inserting after subclause (III) the following new subclause: ‘‘(IV) for discharges occurring on or after October 1, 2018, is provided hospice care by a hospice program; or’’; and (2) in clause (iv)— (A) by inserting after the first sentence the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary shall include in the proposed rule published for fiscal year 2019, a description of the effect of clause (ii)(IV).’’; and (B) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and (III)’’ and inserting ‘‘(III), and, in the case of proposed and final rules for fiscal year 2019 and subsequent fiscal years, (IV)’’. (b) MEDPAC E VALUATION AND REPORT .— (1) EVALUATION .—The Medicare Payment Advisory Commission (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’) shall conduct an evaluation of the effects of the amendments made by subsection (a), including the effects on— (A) the numbers of discharges of patients from an inpatient hospital setting to a hospice program; (B) the lengths of stays of patients in an inpatient hospital setting who are discharged to a hospice program; (C) spending under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act; and (D) other areas determined appropriate by the Commission. (2) CONSIDERATION .—In conducting the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Commission shall consider factors such as whether the timely access to hospice care by patients admitted to a hospital has been affected through changes to hospital policies or behaviors made as a result of such amendments. (3) PRELIMINARY RESULTS .—Not later than March 15, 2020, the Commission shall provide Congress with preliminary results on the evaluation being conducted under paragraph (1). (4) REPORT .—Not later than March 15, 2021, the Commission shall submit to Congress a report on the evaluation conducted under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 53110. MEDICARE PAYMENT UPDATE FOR HOME HEALTH SERVICES. 
Section 1895(b)(3)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395fff(b)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), in the last sentence, by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and for 2020 shall be 1.5 percent’’; and (2) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘and 2020’’ after ‘‘except 2018’’. 
SEC. 53111. MEDICARE PAYMENT UPDATE FOR SKILLED NURSING FACILITIES. 
Section 1888(e)(5)(B) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395yy(e)(5)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘, (iii), and (iv)’’; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘clause (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘clauses (iii) and (iv)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iv) SPECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—For fiscal year 2019 (or other similar annual period specified in clause (i)), the skilled nursing facility market basket percentage, after application of clause (ii), is equal to 2.4 percent.’’. 
SEC. 53112. PREVENTING THE ARTIFICIAL INFLATION OF STAR RATINGS AFTER THE CONSOLIDATION OF MEDICARE ADVANTAGE PLANS OFFERED BY THE SAME ORGANIZATION. 
Section 1853(o)(4) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–23(o)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) SPECIAL RULE TO PREVENT THE ARTIFI CIAL INFLATION OF STAR RATINGS AFTER THE  
OFFERED BY A SINGLE ORGANIZATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—If— ‘‘(I) a Medicare Advantage organization has entered into more than one contract with the Secretary with respect to the offering of Medicare Advantage plans; and ‘‘(II) on or after January 1, 2019, the Secretary approves a request from the organization 
to consolidate the plans under one or more contract (in this subparagraph referred to as a ‘closed contract’) with the plans offered under a separate contract (in this subparagraph referred to as the ‘continuing contract’); with respect to the continuing contract, the Secretary shall adjust the quality rating under the 5star rating system and any quality increase under this subsection and rebate amounts under section 1854 to reflect an enrollmentweighted average of scores or ratings for the continuing and closed contracts, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) A PPLICATION .—An adjustment under clause (i) shall apply for any year for which the quality rating of the continuing contract is based primarily on a measurement period that is prior to the first year in which a closed contract is no longer offered.’’. 
SEC. 53113. SUNSETTING EXCLUSION OF BIOSIMILARS FROM MEDICARE PART D COVERAGE GAP DISCOUNT PROGRAM. 
Section 1860D–14A(g)(2)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–114a(g)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, with respect to a plan year before 2019,’’ after ‘‘other than’’. SEC. 53114. ADJUSTMENTS TO MEDICARE PART B AND PART D PREMIUM SUBSIDIES FOR HIGHER INCOME INDIVIDUALS. 
Section 1898(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395iii(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$220,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$0’’. 
(a) C LOSING DONUT HOLE SOONER .—Section 1860D–2(b)(2)(D) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–102(b)(2)(D))— (1) in clause (i), by amending subclause (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) equal to the difference between— ‘‘(aa) the applicable gap percentage (specified in clause (ii) for the year); and ‘‘(bb) the discount percentage specified in section 1860D–14A(g)(4)(A) for such applicable drugs (or, in the case of a year after 2018, 50 percent); or’’; and (2) in clause (ii)— (A) in subclause (IV), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by striking subclause (V); and (C) in subclause (VI)— (i) by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (ii) by redesignating such subclause as subclause (V). (b) LOWERING DISCOUNTED PRICE.—Section 1860D–14A(g)(4)(A) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–114a(g)(4)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(or, with respect to a plan year after plan year 2018, 30 percent)’’ after ‘‘50 percent’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 454(6)(B)(ii) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 654(6)(B)(ii)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$25’’ and inserting ‘‘$35’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$500’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘$550’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the 1st day of the 1st fiscal year that begins on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to payments under part D of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) for calendar quarters beginning on or after such 1st day. (2) DELAY PERMITTED IF STATE LEGISLATION  
REQUIRED .—If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that State legislation (other than legislation appropriating funds) is required in order for a State plan developed pursuant to part D of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 651 et seq.) to meet the requirements imposed by the amendment made by subsection (a), the plan shall not be regarded as failing to meet such requirements before the 1st day of the 1st calendar quarter beginning after the first regular session of the State legislature that begins after the date of the enactment of this Act. For purposes of the preceding sentence, if the State has a 2year legislative session, each year of the session is deemed to be a separate regular session of the State legislature. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1611(e)(1)(I)(i)(II) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382(e)(1)(I)(i)(II)) is amended by striking ‘‘30 days’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘15 days’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to any payment made by the Commissioner of Social Security pursuant to section 1611(e)(1)(I)(i)(II) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1382(e)(1)(I)(i)(II)) (as amended by such subsection) on or after the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Section 4002(b) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 300u–11(b)), as amended by section 3103 of Public Law 115–96, is amended by striking paragraphs (4) through (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) for fiscal year 2019, $900,000,000; ‘‘(5) for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021, $950,000,000; ‘‘(6) for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, $1,000,000,000; ‘‘(7) for each of fiscal years 2024 and 2025, $1,300,000,000; ‘‘(8) for each of fiscal years 2026 and 2027, $1,800,000,000; and ‘‘(9) for fiscal year 2028 and each fiscal year thereafter, $2,000,000,000.’’. DIVISION F—IMPROVEMENTS TO AGRICULTURE PROGRAMS SEC. 60101. (a) T REATMENT OF SEEDCOTTON .— (1) DESIGNATION OF SEED COTTON AS A COV ERED COMMODITY .—Section 1111(6) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011(6)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘The term’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) INCLUSION .—Effective beginning with the 2018 crop year, the term ‘covered commodity’ includes seed cotton.’’. (2) REFERENCE PRICE FOR SEED COTTON .—Sec tion 1111(18) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011(18)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(O) For seed cotton, $0.367 per pound.’’. (3) DEFINITION OF SEED COTTON .—Section 1111 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9011) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (20) through (24) as paragraphs (21) through (25), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (19) the following: ‘‘(20) SEED COTTON .—The term ‘seed cotton’ means unginned upland cotton that includes both lint and seed.’’. (4) PAYMENT YIELD .—Section 1113 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9013) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) PAYMENT YIELD FOR SEEDCOTTON .— ‘‘(1) PAYMENT YIELD .—Subject to paragraph (2), the payment yield for seed cotton for a farm shall be equal to 2.4 times the payment yield for upland cotton for the farm established under section 1104(e)(3) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 8714(e)(3)) (as in effect on September 30, 2013). ‘‘(2) UPDATE .—At the sole discretion of the owner of a farm with a yield for upland cotton described in paragraph (1), the owner of the farm shall have a 1time opportunity to update the payment yield for upland cotton for the farm, as provided in subsection (d), for the purpose of calculating the payment yield for seed cotton under paragraph (1).’’. (5) PAYMENT ACRES .—Section 1114(b) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) SEED COTTON .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall require the owner of a farm 
to allocate all generic base acres on the farm under subparagraph (B) or (C), or both. ‘‘(B) NO RECENT HISTORY OF COVERED COM MODITIES .—In the case of a farm on which no covered commodities (including seed cotton) were planted or were prevented from being planted at any time during the 2009 through 2016 crop years, the owner of such farm shall allocate generic base acres on the farm to unassigned crop base for which no payments may be made under section 1116 or 1117. ‘‘(C) RECENT HISTORY OF COVERED COMMOD ITIES.—In the case of a farm not described in subparagraph (B), the owner of such farm shall allocate generic base acres on the farm— ‘‘(i) subject to subparagraph (D), to seed cotton base acres in a quantity equal to the greater of— ‘‘(I) 80 percent of the generic base acres on the farm; or ‘‘(II) the average number of seed cotton acres planted or prevented from being planted on the farm during the 2009 through 2012 crop years (not to exceed the total generic base acres on the farm); or ‘‘(ii) to base acres for covered commodities (including seed cotton), by applying subparagraphs (B), (D), (E), and (F) of section 1112(a)(3). ‘‘(D) TREATMENT OF RESIDUAL GENERIC BASE  
ACRES .—In the case of a farm on which generic base acres are allocated under subparagraph (C)(i), the residual generic base acres shall be allocated to unassigned crop base for which no payments may be made under section 1116 or 1117. ‘‘(E) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO ALLOCATE .—In the case of a farm not described in subparagraph (B) for which the owner of the farm fails to make an election under subparagraph (C), the owner of the farm shall be deemed to have elected to allocate all generic base acres in accordance with subparagraph (C)(i).’’. (6) RECORDKEEPING REGARDING UNASSIGNED  
CROP BASE .—Section 1114 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) UNASSIGNED CROPBASE.—The Secretary shall maintain information on generic base acres on a farm allocated as unassigned crop base under subsection (b)(4).’’. (7) SPECIAL ELECTION PERIOD FOR PRICE LOSS  
COVERAGE OR AGRICULTURE RISK COVERAGE .— Section 1115 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9015) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘For’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (g), for’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) SPECIAL ELECTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of acres allocated to seed cotton on a farm, all of the producers on the farm shall be given the opportunity to make a new 1time election under subsection (a) to reflect the designation of seed cotton as a covered commodity for that crop year under section 1111(6)(B). ‘‘(2) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO MAKE UNANIMOUS  
ELECTION .—If all the producers on a farm fail to make a unanimous election under paragraph (1), the producers on the farm shall be deemed to have elected price loss coverage under section 1116 for acres allocated on the farm to seed cotton.’’. (8) EFFECTIVE PRICE .—Section 1116 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9016) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) EFFECTIVE PRICE FOR SEEDCOTTON .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The effective price for seed cotton under subsection (b) shall be equal to the marketing year average price for seed cotton, as calculated under paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) CALCULATION .—The marketing year average price for seed cotton for a crop year shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing— ‘‘(A) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) the upland cotton lint marketing year average price; and ‘‘(II) the total United States upland cotton lint production, measured in pounds; and ‘‘(ii) the product obtained by multiplying— ‘‘(I) the cottonseed marketing year average price; and ‘‘(II) the total United States cottonseed production, measured in pounds; by ‘‘(B) the sum obtained by adding— ‘‘(i) the total United States upland cotton lint production, measured in pounds; and ‘‘(ii) the total United States cottonseed production, measured in pounds.’’. (9) DEEMED LOAN RATE FOR SEED COTTON .— Section 1202 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9032) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) SEEDCOTTON .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of section 1116(b)(2) and paragraphs (1)(B)(ii) and (2)(A)(ii)(II) of section 1117(b), the loan rate for seed cotton shall be deemed to be equal to $0.25 per pound. ‘‘(2) EFFECT .—Nothing in this subsection authorizes any nonrecourse marketing assistance loan under this subtitle for seed cotton.’’. (10) LIMITATION ON STACKED INCOME PROTEC TION PLAN FOR PRODUCERS OF UPLAND COT TON.—Section 508B of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1508b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) LIMITATION .—Effective beginning with the 2019 crop year, a farm shall not be eligible for the Stacked Income Protection Plan for upland cotton for a crop year for which the farm is enrolled in coverage for seed cotton under— ‘‘(1) price loss coverage under section 1116 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9016); or ‘‘(2) agriculture risk coverage under section 1117 of that Act (7 U.S.C. 9017).’’. (11) TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 1114(b)(2) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9014(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraphs (1)(B) and (2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (12) ADMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall carry out the amendments made by this subsection in accordance with section 1601 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9091). (13) APPLICATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (10), the amendments made by this subsection shall apply beginning with the 2018 crop year. (b) MARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM FOR DAIRY PRODUCERS .— (1) MONTHLY CALCULATION OF ACTUAL DAIRY  
PRODUCTION MARGIN .— (A) DEFINITIONS .—Section 1401 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9051) is amended— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (11) as paragraphs (4) through (10), respectively. (B) CALCULATION OF ACTUAL DAIRY PRODUC TION MARGIN .—Section 1402(b)(1) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9052(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘consecutive 2month period’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘month’’. (C) MARGIN PROTECTION PAYMENTS .—Section 1406 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9056) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘consecutive 2month period’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘month’’; and (ii) in subsection (c)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘6’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’. (2) PARTICIPATION OF DAIRY OPERATIONS IN  
MARGIN PROTECTION PROGRAM .—Section 1404 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9054) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including the establishment of a date each calendar year by which a dairy operation shall register for the calendar year’’ before the period at the end; (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (iii) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) EXTENSION OF ELECTION PERIOD FOR 2018  
CALENDAR YEAR .—The Secretary shall extend the election period for the 2018 calendar year by not less than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 or such additional period as the Secretary determines is necessary for dairy operations to make new elections to participate for that calendar year, including dairy operations that elected to so participate before that date of enactment.’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) EXEMPTION .—A limited resource, beginning, veteran, or socially disadvantaged farmer, as defined by the Secretary, shall be exempt from the administrative fee under this subsection.’’. (3) PRODUCTION HISTORY OF PARTICIPATING  
DAIRY OPERATIONS .—Section 1405(a) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9055(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) CONTINUED APPLICABILITY OF BASE PRO DUCTION HISTORY .—A production history established for a dairy operation under paragraph (1) shall be the base production history for the dairy operation in subsequent years (as adjusted under paragraph (2)).’’. (4) PREMIUMS FOR MARGIN PROTECTION PRO GRAM .—Section 1407 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (7 U.S.C. 9057) is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking the subsection heading and inserting the following: ‘‘TIERI: P REMIUM PER HUNDREDWEIGHT FOR FIRST5,000,000 P OUNDS OF  PRODUCTION .—’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘4,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘5,000,000’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘$0.010’’ and inserting ‘‘None’’; (II) by striking ‘‘$0.025’’ and inserting ‘‘None’’; (III) by striking ‘‘$0.040’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.009’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘$0.055’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.016’’; (V) by striking ‘‘$0.090’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.040’’; (VI) by striking ‘‘$0.217’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.063’’; (VII) by striking ‘‘$0.300’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.087’’; and (VIII) by striking ‘‘$0.475’’ and inserting ‘‘$0.142’’; and (B) in subsection (c)— (i) by striking the subsection heading and inserting the following: ‘‘TIERII: P REMIUM PER HUNDREDWEIGHT FOR PRODUCTION IN EXCESS OF  5,000,000 POUNDS .—’’; and (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘4,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘5,000,000’’. (5) APPLICATION .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply beginning with the 2018 calendar year. (c) LIMITATION ON CROP INSURANCE LIVESTOCK RELATED EXPENDITURES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 523(b) of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1523(b)) is amended by striking paragraph (10). (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 516 of the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1516) is amended in subsections (a)(2)(C) and (b)(1)(D) by striking ‘‘subsections (a)(3)(E)(ii) and (b)(10) of section 523’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)(E)(ii) of that section’’. SEC. 60102. (a) Section 1240B of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3839aa–2) is amended by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—During each of the 2002 through 2019 fiscal years, the Secretary shall provide payments to producers that enter into contracts with the Secretary under the program.’’. (b) Section 1241 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (16 U.S.C. 3841) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 (and fiscal 
year 2019 in the case of the program specified in paragraph (5))’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)(E), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2018 through 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2018 (and fiscal year 2019 in the case of the program specified in subsection (a)(5))’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Improvements to Agriculture Programs Act of 2018’’. DIVISION G—BUDGETARY EFFECTS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The budgetary effects of division A, subdivision 2 of division B, and division C and each succeeding division shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay AsYouGo Act of 2010. (b) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of division A, subdivision 2 of division B, and division C and each succeeding division shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress). (c) CLASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS .— Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the committee of conference accompanying Conference Report 105– 217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of division A, subdivision 2 of division B, and division C and each succeeding division shall not be estimated— (1) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and (2) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of section 3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 734, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to present the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 1892, a bipartisan, bicameral bill outlining the funding for the next 2 fiscal years and funding for the government through March 23, providing much needed emergency supplemental funding for disaster recovery, and raising the Nation’s debt ceiling. This legislation will help our Nation move forward without the threat of a shutdown or default and with greater budget scrutiny. This bill will also allow us to move past the destructive cycle of continuing resolutions, which undermine the appropriations process and promotes only more uncertainty and doubt about our government’s and this Congress’ ability to function and to meet the needs of those we represent. I am pleased that this legislation includes an agreement reached on a bipartisan basis by House and Senate leaders on spending caps for both fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. Especially important is a substantial increase in funds for national defense. Our Nation faces multiple security challenges and increasingly aggressive, not to mention well equipped, adversaries. We must be prepared to meet these challenges, and we must take care of our men and women in uniform who truly do the work of freedom. After years of reduction in military funding and months of uncertainty caused by continuing resolutions, it is time we provide our Armed Forces with what they need to rebuild and keep our Nation safe. The agreement also outlines investments in important bipartisan domestic priorities such as fighting the opioid abuse epidemic, supporting veterans, and rebuilding and renewing our infrastructure around the Nation. These top line spending levels will enable us to get to work immediately on our 12 appropriations bills to wrap up the fiscal year 2018 and quickly turn our attention to fiscal year 2019. This legislation also includes a short term continuing resolution, our last for this year, which will fund the Federal Government through March 23. This will maintain programs and services that all Americans depend on until all of the annual appropriations bills can be enacted. I look forward to working with our Senate counterparts to negotiate and complete all of these bills ahead of that deadline. In addition to these critical pieces of government funding, this legislation also provides $89.3 billion in emergency disaster funding, funding that has been urgently needed since this House passed its version in December. This funding will provide the residents of Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and Western States with the resources to rebuild their lives after last year’s historic and devastating natural disasters. Lastly, this bill increases the debt limit through March 1, 2019, so we can pay our bills and avoid the economic damage of a default. Mr. Speaker, the Senate has just passed this bill, and now it is up to this House to do the same and to send this legislation to the President for his signature. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the bill and reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. It is a basic constitutional responsibility of Congress to fund the Federal Government and Republican majorities in the House and the Senate are just turning the process into an embarrassing spectacle, running from one crisis directly into the next. It has been clear for 9 months that a bipartisan budget agreement would be needed to enact appropriations law, yet it has taken five continuing resolutions, two lapses in funding, countless hours of effort to take even this first step toward fullyear funding bills, more than 4 months into the fiscal year. I am pleased with many aspects of the budget agreement. Increasing statutory spending caps would allow the Appropriations Committee to write responsible, bipartisan spending bills that will invest in this Nation’s families, communities, and national security. I am also pleased the legislation would provide funding for families and communities in Texas, Florida, California, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands to rebuild their lives following natural disasters. Unfortunately, this legislation cannot be considered in a vacuum. The Speaker of the House’s refusal to commit to considering bipartisan legislation to protect teenagers and young adults from deportation is unjustifiable and maddening. DREAMers are sons, daughters, parents. They are students and teachers. They serve with distinction in our Armed Forces. They pay taxes and contribute to their communities. President Trump and the Republican majority hold the lives and futures of these children and young adults in their hands, yet their only concern seems to be how much they can extract and exchange for doing what a decent human being should do simply because it is right. I cannot vote in good conscience to provide Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the very funding that could be used to deport the DREAMers. I cannot vote to continue the appropriations process while an unthinkably tragic fate hangs over the head of 1.6 million young people. I do hope that in the weeks ahead a bipartisan bill for DREAMers can pass the Senate and enough pressure can be brought to bear on House Republicans to act. History will condemn these Republican majorities if they fail to do what is right. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ), a member of our Appropriations Committee. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Speaker, West Virginia is literally ground zero in the opioid epidemic. Our overdose rate is not just a little bit higher than the national average of the No. 2 State. It is actually 33 percent higher than the No. 2 State. So when we passed the 21st Century Cures legislation, dedicating $1 billion to fight this horrific epidemic, it gave us hope; it gave me hope. And that hope was particularly strong in rural States like West Virginia, that finally we might see real resources where it really counts, in rural 
communities. But unfortunately, many of the worsthit States like mine ended up receiving only a minimal amount of funding. Let me give you an example. A more populous State received five times more funding than my State, but my State’s overdose rate was five times higher than the more populous State. This bill, like every bill, has parts I like and parts I don’t like. One of the issues I have fought for is making sure the now $6 billion we are putting towards fighting the opioid crisis will actually get to the places where it matters most. We must use a formula based on per capita statistics to ensure funds go to the hardest hit States and smaller States where the crisis and the need is the greatest. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, and having a direct hand on how the $6 billion will be targeted, I have been reassured that rural States like mine will not be shortchanged and—we will work to make sure the language in our funding bill makes it abundantly clear to the Federal agencies that actually set the allocation formulas—we want resources flowing to where they count most. I want to thank Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and his predecessor Chairman ROGERS for their commitment and leadership to helping. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSONCOLEMAN ). Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, the Speaker of the House is supposed to be the Speaker of this entire House. And the entire will of this House on the Democratic side and Republican side is to pass a DACA bill but we are running out of time. Instead of following the bipartisan consensus of the majority in this House, this Speaker is yielding to the will of the majority party’s antiimmigration fringe unilaterally, and that fringe is led by this President. If we continue to bend to this fringe, this body, this shiny beacon on a hill, this hopefulness in this country will go dark. The Senate was able to pass the bipartisan agreement due to the hard promise of Leader MCCONNELL and the good work of our Democratic leadership as well to allow—simply allow— the body to vote on a DACA bill. We, however, have no such commitment on this side. 22,000 dreamers in the State of New Jersey: they are doctors, they are lawyers, they are connected to their churches, they are parents, they are teachers, they are business owners. I spent time in a church where a Christian, tithepaying immigrant was taken from his family and put in detention. He was not a threat to anyone. My constituents did not send me here to deport young people who are American and know no other country. I ask you, I beg you, I implore you: Do your job. Save these DREAMers, and until we do, I urge a ‘‘no’’ on this vote. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ), a member of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. AGUILAR. Mr. Speaker, we have a choice today. I want to compliment the work that the committees have done to reach an agreement on these funding levels. I am not here to quibble with those funding levels. What I am here to ask for is a chance. If this is the people’s House, we deserve an opportunity to address these issues. I have never said this is a bad deal. I have just said this is an incomplete deal. It is incomplete because we haven’t had the commitment that we need to address critical issues that are important to our communities. We have addressed some in this: opioids, community health centers. Those are important issues in all of our communities. But we haven’t addressed issues that are important to everyone. Like Leti Herrera who was my guest to the State of the Union who lost her sister in December, who is scared, who wants to know when her priorities are going to be our priorities. She wants to know when we are going to bring up these issues. And I can tell her, the Senate has a commitment; they are going to talk about these issues. But the people’s House has not said that we are going to talk about these issues. We are going to say, well, when the President signs off, then we will have a conversation. He doesn’t have a card that votes in these machines. He has a voice. He should be consulted. He doesn’t have a voice in the people’s House. He doesn’t have a vote here with me and you. All we want is a commitment to bring up a bipartisan, bicameral bill that addresses these issues. All we want is a chance. All we want is an opportunity to address these issues that are important to our communities. Please, please, please give us that opportunity to have that conversation. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have the right to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the Democratic leader. b0500 Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I also thank her for her outstanding statement of values and what our country is about. I thank her for her extraordinary leadership. I thank all of our colleagues for the unity that we have had over the months when we were having this debate about what this bill would look like. I want to, again, read a letter that Mr. HOYER , Mr. C LYBURN , and I sent to the Speaker last night—I guess this night, because I think it is very important for people to understand the simplicity of our request, the fairness of our request to the Speaker. It says: ‘‘In the spirit of bipartisanship, we write to again reiterate our sincere desire to ensure that the government remains open and that the priorities of the American people are properly addressed. As you know, Democrats have been clear that we support a budget agreement that ensures that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need to protect our country and that America’s middle class and working families have the tools they need to succeed. As part of this agreement, we have always expected that the House and the Senate would address the issue of DACA and our DREAMers. ‘‘Most of our Members believe that the budget agreement is a reasonable compromise to address America’s military strength and critical domestic priorities, like fighting the opioid crisis, boosting NIH, moving forward to resolve the pension crisis, caring for our veterans, making college more affordable, and investing in childcare for working families.’’ Indeed, that is what the fight has been about all along. We have had to fight the resistance on the Republican side to invest in the domestic agenda. So I was pleased to hear some of our Republican colleagues talk about some of the things in this bill that we, on the Democratic side, insisted upon being there. So, Mr. Speaker, we are writing again to request that you make a public statement regarding the scheduling of a vote on the DACA bill. That is our request. That is the request of the House Democrats that Mr. HOYER and Mr. CLYBURN sent this letter last night: ‘‘Our request is that you publicly state that you will schedule a vote to consider the bipartisan HurdAguilar bill and any other DACA bills that you wish to consider under a Queen of the Hill rule. ‘‘We strongly believe that Members of the House and their constituents deserve the same dignity that Leader MCCONNELL has extended to Members of the Senate’’ by stating that he will allow a vote on this issue. We asked him for his immediate attention to this issue, but we did not receive that back. I said earlier that America is the greatest country that ever existed in the history of the world. Aren’t we proud to be Americans? And what is America? America is a country of great people of beautiful diversity that have changed over time from the days of our Founders. ‘‘E pluribus unum,’’ they said. They could never imagine how pluribus it could be, how many, how 
many different people. Yet they established a Constitution that enabled everyone the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. It is a beautiful thing. Our country has become a more diverse country over time, but still, e pluribus unum. In this vote today, we are just saying to pay respect to the fact that we are a nation of immigrants, constantly reinvigorated by newcomers coming with their hopes, dreams, aspirations, courage to make the future better for their families. That is what America is about. That is what the optimism of our Founders was based on, that every generation would take responsibility. So these newcomers have made America more American. Then who is America? America is our great Constitution of the United States, a great Constitution, which we take an oath to support. And what else is America? America is a great patrimony, this beautiful land that God has given us to be stewards of. It is important to know that our country is our 50 States, the District of Columbia, and our territories. In respect for that, I am very pleased that, in this bill, we were successful in the negotiations to get more funding for the territories, especially Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, an increase over what was in the original disaster bill. But there are other things that are important to note that are in this bill. Again, opioids, mental health, National Institutes of Health, these are Democratic priorities that we fought for. That is why this took so long to come to fruition, because there was a resistance on the Republican side to invest on the domestic side. So they have been increasing the defense number, which we go along with, but wanted commensurate increase on the domestic side, recognizing the domestic side for us and our budget—appropriators know this better than anyone—includes security functions, Homeland Security, the State Department, Veterans Affairs, antiterrorism activities of the Justice Department. So there is much security on the domestic side. That is why we insisted on increasing the number, and that did happen. That did happen. That is why I am able to say in this letter that there are many good things in this legislation. But for some reason, sometimes I think the Speaker thinks he is Speaker of the White House, not the Speaker of the House of Representatives. We should have the opportunity—I touched a nerve there, I hear—to have this House, the people’s House, work its will, not be the recipients of something that might—as he said: Well, if it passes with 60 votes in the Senate and the President approves, then maybe I will bring it to the floor. That is not a commitment. Just let me say again what an honor it is for any of us to associate ourselves with the aspirations of the DREAMers in our country. They are so magnificent. They are a model of patriotism to our country, and all they wanted was the recognition of the Speaker of the House that they are worthy of that. In any event, I thank the various speakers who were presiding the other day. I thank the speakers for their courtesies extended. I thank the Chair, too, Mr. Speaker. But here it is: Yes, I was one of the four principals with the White House negotiating on this legislation. A lot of it came our way. Do you know why? Because nobody wants a shutdown. This is a good bill. It doesn’t do everything, but it is a compromise. But the one thing and the one message to allay fear, to build confidence, to honor the vows of our Founders that we could have done is to say: We, the United States of America, in this people’s House, want to assure you that we will allow the House of Representatives to work its will. Let the chips fall where they may, but give us a chance to allay the fear that is in the hearts of these DREAMers and their families and to remove the tears from the eyes of the Statue of Liberty observing what is happening here. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. A fifth CR—a fifth CR—while one party controls all levers of government, shows the Republicans’ inability to govern. Even more upsetting is their refusal to put a bipartisan DREAMer bill on the House floor. While there are provisions in the Senate amendment that Democrats support, we implore our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to do what is right and to permit a vote on a bipartisan DREAMer bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RYAN), the Speaker of the House. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker, I will be brief. A few hours ago, the Senate passed this agreement with a very big bipartisan vote: 75 percent of the Senate Democrats, 68 percent of the Senate Republicans, Republicans and Democrats coming together on a true compromise measure. I think that is a thing to celebrate. It accomplishes what so many of us had been fighting for. First and foremost, this agreement accomplishes getting the resources that we need to rebuild our military. Also, this includes longdelayed disaster funding to aid recovery from the hurricanes and the wildfires; money to fight opioids, something that knows no partisan boundaries; and the extension of important healthcare programs. This agreement will also allow us to step off this carousel of shortterm funding bills that do nothing but hurt our military and stymie our ability to focus on other important agenda items. And I think that has been noted here tonight. You know, most Americans are not even awake yet, or maybe they are just getting up for the first shift. By the time they catch up with the news this morning, they will see one of two things, depending upon what choice we make here right now. Either Congress will have done its most basic responsibility: funding the government and taking care of our brave men and women in uniform. I really believe that that is what the majority of this people in this body want to see happen. Or they will see a second needless shutdown in a matter of weeks. Entirely needless. Republicans will deliver more than our share of votes this morning. I urge my friends in the minority to stand with us on this bipartisan bill. My commitment to working together on an immigration measure that we can make law is a sincere commitment. Let me repeat. My commitment to working together on an immigration measure that we can make law is a sincere commitment. We will solve this DACA problem. Once we get this budget agreement done—and we will get this done, no matter how long it takes for us to stay here—we will focus on bringing that debate to this floor and finding a solution. But we cannot do that unless we pass this budget agreement. Our military can no longer be held hostage in this process. So, for this morning, let’s honor our troops. Let’s do our most basic job and let’s pass this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, after much consideration, I will reluctantly vote for this legislation. The bipartisan agreement included $6 billion to combat opioid abuse and improving mental health, $2 billion for research at the National Institutes of Health and $4 billion for college affordability. The measure extends one of my legislative priorities, the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 10 years. Since Hurricane Harvey’s landfall in last August, I have worked tirelessly with the Texas Governor, the Texas Congressional delegation, local mayors, county commissioners and police and fire chiefs to identify and meet the needs of impacted Texans. The agreement increases overall disaster relief from $81 billion to $89 billion which means it will increase Texas’s share of that relief and to significantly increase the funding for critical Army Corps flood management projects that help Texas to take necessary measures against future flooding events. Additionally, I have fought hard for many years to fund the needs of our veterans, and our transportation infrastructure. This bill provides $4 billion to reduce the VA healthcare maintenance backlog. There will be $20 billion to invest in infrastructure, including programs related to rural water and wastewater, clean 
and safe drinking water, rural broadband, energy, innovative capital projects, and surface transportation. The agreement includes funding for child care, including the bipartisan Child Care Development Block Grant program and funding for studentcentered programs that aid college completion and affordability, including those that help police officers, teachers and firefighters. Mr. Speaker, I will vote yes on this bill because the measure also closes the Medicare Part D ‘‘donut hole’’ for seniors in 2019. I will continue to work to make sure that Congress follows through on this deal, and that Texas’ 30th District gets what it needs to move our communities, our state and the Nation forward. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to explain the importance of the pending legislation, which extends the Continuing Resolution passed by Congress on January 26, 2018 but expired at midnight, February 8, 2018, by an additional six weeks, or until March 23, 2018. This crucial legislation rests upon three pillars. First, the legislation before us provides $89.3 billion in aid to respond to the damage caused by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, and the wildfires in California. Second, the Continuing Resolution pending before us is necessary to finalize and implement a bipartisan and bicameral budget agreement gives parity to defense and non defense discretionary funding and provides $117 billion more funding for needed nondefense investments in the areas of education, public health, infrastructure, community development, and disaster relief than proposed under the Trump FY 2018 budget. Third, I will be advocating for a nay vote on the Previous Question in order to bring to the floor a crucial legislative fix for debate and vote that will provide permanent legal residence and a path to citizenship to the more than 800,000 Dreamers, including the 124,000 who live in Texas, whose lives have been turned upside down because of this Administration’s cruel, unwise, and reckless termination of DACA, the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. And in connection with legislation to protect Dreamers, I will insist that the Administration rescind the revocation of Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haiti, El Salvador, and Honduras, or failing that, TPS for those countries be extended by congressional legislation. Mr. Speaker, 44,800 residents of Texas are TPS holders from El Salvador (36,300), Honduras (8,400), and Haiti, who combined are parents of 53,800 U.S.born children in Texas and 14,000 of whom have home mortgages. These TPS holders are integral members of the Texas’s social fabric, having lived in Texas an average of 20 years, and contribute an aggregate $2.2 billion to the Texas economy. This legislation provides $89.3 billion in emergency supplemental appropriations to help states, communities, businesses, and individuals respond and recover from Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and the California wildfires. This amount represents a doubling of the woefully inadequate $44 billion disaster relief package proposed by the Administration and a substantial increase over the $81.1 billion disaster relief funding approved by the House. Ever since the widespread and catastrophic destruction of Hurricane Harvey occurred, I have been working closely with Senator C ORNYN and other federal, state, and local officials, along with my colleagues in the Texas congressional delegation to secure the help necessary for the areas affected by Hurricane Harvey recover and rebuild. The $8 billion increase in disaster relief funding reflected in this legislation is due in strong part to the efforts of Senator CORNYN , with whom I worked very closely to ensure that the interests of Houston and Harris County were promoted and protected. I have witnessed firsthand the pain of storm weary Houstonians who lost their homes, their belongings, and in many cases their jobs. Right now, at this very moment, hundreds of thousands of Texans—in Port Arthur, in Port Aransas, in Rockport, in Houston and Harris County—remain homeless or are living in substandard homes with blue tarp roofs and infected with mold. They are struggling and hurting. So this is personal to me. That is why right now my highest priority is to ensure that funding that has been made available expeditiously gets in the hands of local governments so that relief can deliver the resources and services so desperately needed. That is why I am working with the Texas General Land Office Commissioner and have advocated for the immediate release of the $5 billion that was approved in September 2017 and wrote the HUD Secretary to expedite promulgation of the proposed regulations necessary to release the funds, which finally were published this week in the Federal Register for notice and comment. And that is why on September 6, 2017, ten days after Hurricane Harvey struck, I introduced the first Hurricane Harvey disaster recovery legislation. I was joined by 44 colleagues in introducing H.R. 3686, the ‘‘Hurricane Harvey Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2017,’’ which provides $174 billion in disaster relief for the areas affected by Hurricane Harvey, the worst superstorm ever to strike the mainland United States. The $174 billion in funding provided by H.R. 3686 represents a comprehensive response commensurate to the challenge; specifically that legislation would provide relief in the following amounts: 1. Housing and Community Development Fund: $50 billion 2. FEMA Disaster Relief Fund: $35 billion 3. Army Corps of Engineers—Construction: $15 billion 4. Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies: $13 billion 5. Public Transportation Emergency Relief Program: $33 billion 6. Small Business Disaster Loans Program: $2 billion 7. Emergency Conservation Activities: $650 million 8. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration: $321 million 9. National Aeronautics and Space Administration: $50 million 10. Legal Services Corporation: $10 million 11. Army National Guard: $10 million 12. Army Corps of Engineers—Civil Investigations: $150 million 13. Coast Guard: $450 million 14. National Park Service Historic Preservation Fund: $800 million 15. EPA Environmental Programs and Management: $2.5 billion 16. EPA Hazardous Substance Superfund: $7 million 17. Leaking Underground Storage Tank Fund: $15 million 18. State and Tribal Assistance Grants: $600 million 19. Employment and Training Services: $100 million 20. Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund: $2.5 billion 21. Airport and Airway Trust Fund: $90 million 22. FederalAid Highways Emergency Relief Program: $6.5 billion Although, the disaster relief funding provided in the legislation before us is not as robust as the package I have proposed, it is a significant improvement over what was initially offered by the Administration and will provide much needed assistance to disaster victims in desperate need of help. I wish to thank the leadership of the Appropriations Committee, in particular THUD Appropriations Subcommittee Chairman Diaz Balart, and Energy and Water Appropriations Ranking Member Kaptur for including in the legislation before us the following beneficial measures that I requested, including: 1. Authority to establish and implement a $1 billion pilot program to provide small business disaster recovery grants, modeled on H.R. 3930, the ‘‘Hurricane Harvey Small Business Recovery Grants Act,’’ legislation I introduced on October 3, 2017 and is cosponsored by 16 of our colleagues. 2. $75 million for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ Investigations account, which is to be used in areas affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and can be used to finance the $3 million HoustonArea Watershed Assessment Study. 3. This is a highly successful conclusion to the multiyear struggle I waged to secure House approval of this project and funding with the Jackson Lee Amendments to the Energy and Water Appropriations Act for Fiscal Years 2016, 2017, and 2018. 4. The bill also includes helpful legislative language to ensure that in awarding CDBG Disaster Relief funds to states, the Secretary of HUD should to the maximum extent practicable award grants to units of local government and public housing authorities that have the financial and administrative capacity to manage a grant awarded under the program. 5. The bill also includes a provision for which I advocated expressly providing that religious nonprofit organizations and houses of worship have the same opportunity to qualify for disaster assistance as their secular counterparts. Let me describe briefly some of the major provisions contained in this disaster relief funding package before us: FEMA Disaster Relief Fund: $28 billion to provide critical funding to assist the ongoing federal disaster response to allow up to $4 billion to be provided for Community Disaster Loans (CDLs). Emergency Food Assistance Program: $24 million to provide an additional 35 million pounds of food for food banks in states affected by natural disasters. Special Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women, Infants, and Children (WIC): $14 million. 
$7.6 million to repair 12 Food and Drug Administration sites damaged by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, including repair of scientific equipment such as those used to test foods for chemical contamination. Economic Development Assistance Programs: $600 million in additional funding to provide grants to communities directly impacted by Hurricane Harvey, Irma, and Maria, as well as others disasters declared in 2017. This funding will support immediate relief efforts and longterm recovery projects, including repairing and replacing basic infrastructure needs that are vital for local economic recovery. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration: $400 million, with $100 million allocated for improving weather forecasting capabilities and data collection efforts to better protect lives and property in the wake of future hurricanes, and with $200 million for fishery disasters causing severe economic harm in coastal communities following Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. National Aeronautics and Space Administration: $81 million to repair facilities damaged at the Kennedy and Johnson Space Centers. Legal Services Corporation: $15 million for mobile resources, technology, and disaster coordinators necessary to provide stormrelated services to the population in affected areas. U.S. Army Corps of Engineers: $17.39 billion, including $15 billion for flood control and storm damage reduction construction projects and $135 million for high priority Investigation studies for risk reduction from future floods and hurricanes. Of this $135 million, $75 million is to be allocated for the Army Corps of Engineers’ Investigations account, which is to be used in areas affected by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria, and can be used to finance the $3 million HoustonArea Watershed Assessment Study I have worked to secure and which has been previously approved by the House. The bill also included $608 million to finance needed federal dredging projects, such as Houston Shipping Channel and $810 million to prepare for and mitigate future flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters. The Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), will receive $28 billion allocated to the Community Development Fund to repair homes, support local business, and rebuild infrastructure while mitigating future risk. Also included in the legislation is authority for HUD to adjust Section 8 voucher funding for public housing agencies adversely affected by disasters in 2017. Mr. Speaker, George Bush Intercontinental Airport, located in my congressional district, will benefit from the $10.3 million to repair Transportation and Security Administration facilities, security equipment, and access control equipment at airports damaged by the hurricanes. The Texas Gulf Coast will benefit from the $835 million allocated to the U.S. Coast Guard; $4 million of which for site assessments to determine environmental compliance and restoration needs. Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will receive $23.5 billion for the Disaster Relief Fund to support response and recovery efforts. Other important provisions in the FEMA appropriations: 1. Ensure that religious nonprofit organizations are given the same opportunity to qualify for certain disaster assistance as their secular counterparts. 2. Extend the period of time that local government revenue loss as a result of Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria can be considered for the purpose of Community Disaster Loans. 3. Authorize the President to increase the federal cost share for certain disaster assistance from 75 to 85 percent if recipients have taken steps to make themselves more resilient against disasters. The Environmental Protection Agency will receive $6.2 million for the Superfund program to help repair damage sustained to remedies at Superfund sites; $7 million for the Leaking Underground Storage Tank program to repair damage to storage tanks to prevent spills and contaminants from leaking into the environment; and $50 million for debris removal and technical assistance to inspect and clean up hazardous waste facilities. Department of Labor: $100 million for disaster response economic recovery through the Dislocated Worker National Reserve. Department of Health and Human Services: 1. $200 million for Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; 2. $50 million for National Institutes of Health; 3. $650 million for Head Start; and 4. $162 million for the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund, including $60 million for Community Health Centers and $20 million for Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration. Department of Education will receive $2.7 billion for Hurricane Education Recovery, including: 1. $2.46 billion to restart operations at elementary and secondary schools; 2. $100 million for institutions of higher education, and students at those institutions; 3. $25 million for education services for homeless children; and 4. $35 million for Project SERV for educationrelated services to help students recover from traumatic events, including natural disasters. Notably, this legislation forgives loans made to four Historically Black Colleges and Universities in response to Hurricane Katrina. Also notably, the CR allocates $14 million for the Government Accountability Office to conduct oversight and evaluate distribution and use of disaster funding across agencies to ensure responsible use of taxpayer funds. Department of Veterans Affairs: $4.1 million to repair damages to the Veterans Benefit Administration Office in Houston, Texas and the Puerto Rico National Cemetery. Department of Transportation: $30 billion to repair damaged infrastructure and help communities recover from natural disasters. Federal Highway Administration will receive $1.3 billion and the Federal Transit Administration will receive $330 million, both for their Emergency Relief Programs. Mr. Speaker, there is much more work to be done in my city of Houston, and across the areas affected by the terrible, awesome storm that will be forever known simply as Hurricane Harvey, and by Hurricanes Irma and Maria. But the disaster relief funding package before us today represents a solid start toward completing the necessary work that must be undertaken to restore the affected communities to their previous greatness. As I conclude, I am remembering a heroic DREAMER, Alonso Guillen, who came to the U.S. from Mexico as a child, and died in my congressional district when his boat capsized while he was rescuing survivors of the flooding caused by Hurricane Harvey in the Houston area. There is no heart in ending DACA and leaving the fate of 800,000 young persons in limbo and constant fear of deportation from the only country they have ever known, and the only nation to which they have ever pledged allegiance. The way to end this crisis is to bring H.R. 3440, the Dream Act of 2017, to the floor right now and vote for it so it can pass both houses of Congress with a vetoproof majority. A Dreamer seeking to earn her college degree and aspiring to attend medical school to better herself and her new community is not a threat to the nation’s security. Law abiding but unauthorized immigrants doing honest work to support their families pose far less danger to society than human traffickers, drug smugglers, or those who have committed a serious crime. President Obama was correct in concluding that exercising his discretion regarding the implementation of DACA enhances the safety of all members of the public, serves national security interests, and furthers the public interest in keeping families together. According to numerous studies conducted by the Congressional Budget Office, Social Security Administration, and Council of Economic Advisors, DACA generates substantial economic benefits to our nation. For example, expanding DACA is estimated to increase GDP by $230 billion and create an average of 28,814 jobs per year over the next 10 years. That is a lot of jobs. In exercising his broad discretion in the area of removal proceedings, President Obama acted responsibly and reasonably in determining the circumstances in which it makes sense to pursue removal and when it does not. Because of President Obama’s leadership and visionary executive action, 124,000 undocumented immigrants in my home state of Texas have received deferred action. 91 percent of these immigrants are employed or in school and contribute $6.3 billion annually to the Texas economy and $460.3 billion to the national economy. Instead of wasting time scapegoating DREAMERS, we should instead seize the opportunity to pass legislation that secures our borders, preserves America’s character as the most open and welcoming country in the history of the world, and will yield hundreds of billions of dollars in economic growth. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion to concur will be followed by a 5minute vote on suspending the rules and concurring in the Senate amendment to H.R. 582, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 186, not voting 5, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Beatty Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blunt Rochester Bost Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Cheney Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallagher Garamendi Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) LoBiondo Loebsack Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (FL) Nolan Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pascrell Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Ross Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Scalise Schneider Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) NOES—186 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Barton Bass Beyer Biggs Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brat Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Budd Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Comer Cooper Correa Crowley Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney Demings DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gianforte Gohmert Gomez Gosar Graves (LA) Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez Harris Hastings Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Jordan Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kind King (IA) Krishnamoorthi Labrador Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McEachin McGovern Meadows Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Norman Pallone Palmer Panetta Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Rush Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Smucker Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Titus Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Walker Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Westerman Wilson (FL) Yoder Yoho Zeldin 
b0532 Messrs. HOLLINGSWORTH and CURTIS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. TONKO, Ms. FUDGE, Mr. CARBAJAL, and Mrs. LAWRENCE changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KARI’S LAW ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and concurring in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 582) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–11 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 2018, TO TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2018 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1301) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: SEC. 101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–56) is further amended by inserting after section 165 the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 166. (a) Employees furloughed as a result of any lapse in appropriations which begins on or about February 9, 2018, shall be compensated at their standard rate of compensation, for the period of such lapse in appropriations, as soon as practicable after such lapse in appropriations ends. ‘‘(b) For purposes of this section, ‘employee’ means: ‘‘(1) a Federal employee; ‘‘(2) an employee of the District of Columbia Courts; ‘‘(3) an employee of the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia; or ‘‘(4) a District of Columbia Government employee. ‘‘(c) All obligations incurred in anticipation of the appropriations made and authority granted by this division for the purposes of maintaining the essential level of activity to protect life and property and bringing about orderly termination of Government functions, and for purposes as otherwise authorized by law, are hereby ratified 
and approved if otherwise in accord with the provisions of this division.’’. SEC. 102. For the purposes of division D of Public Law 115–56, the time covered by such division shall be considered to include the period which began on or about February 9, 2018, during which there occurred a lapse in appropriations. This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Amendments Act, 2018’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PROVIDING FOR A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 1892 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 104) providing for a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 1892, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: That in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 1892, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: (1) Strike the first section 1 and section 2 immediately following the enacting clause and insert the following: 
‘‘This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018’’. ‘‘DIVISION A—HONORING HOMETOWN HEROES ACT 
‘‘This division may be cited as the ‘Honoring Hometown Heroes Act’. 
‘‘SEC. 10102. PERMITTING THE FLAG TO BE FLOWN AT HALFSTAFF IN THE EVENT OF THE DEATH OF A FIRST RESPONDER SERVING IN THE LINE OF DUTY. 
‘‘(a) A MENDMENT .—The sixth sentence of section 7(m) of title 4, United States Code, is amended— ‘‘(1) by striking ‘or’ after ‘possession of the United States’ and inserting a comma; ‘‘(2) by inserting ‘or the death of a first responder working in any State, territory, or possession who dies while serving in the line of duty,’ after ‘while serving on active duty,’; ‘‘(3) by striking ‘and’ after ‘former officials of the District of Columbia’ and inserting a comma; and ‘‘(4) by inserting before the period the following: ‘, and first responders working in the District of Columbia’. ‘‘(b) FIRST RESPONDER DEFINED .—Such sub section is further amended— ‘‘(1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘, United States Code; and’ and inserting a semicolon; ‘‘(2) in paragraph (3), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘; and’; and ‘‘(3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘‘(4) the term ‘‘first responder’’ means a ‘‘public safety officer’’ as defined in section 1204 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284).’. ‘‘(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. (2) Strike section 1 immediately preceding division B. (3) In section 30422(b)(4), strike subparagraphs (A) and (B) and insert the following: ‘‘(A) GENERAL AUTHORITY .—For purposes of enabling the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, and consistent with the Standing Rules of the Senate, there is authorized from the date of enactment of this Act through February 28, 2019, $500,000 to be allocated— ‘‘(i) in total during the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) any remaining amounts shall be carried forward for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. ‘‘(B) EXPENSES .—Expenses of the joint committee shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the co chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate.’’. (4) In section 30422(b)(4)(I)(i), insert ‘‘, consistent with the rules and regulations of the Senate’’ before the period at the end. (5) Strike section 30423 and insert the following: 
‘‘(a) S PECIAL RESERVE .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, within the funds in the account for ‘Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations’ of the Senate, not more than $500,000 shall be allocated from the special reserve established in S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), for use by the joint committee. ‘‘(b) EXPIRATION .—None of the funds made available by this section may be available for obligation by the joint committee after January 2, 2019. ‘‘(c) AVAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—For pur poses of the joint committee, section 20(b) of S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), shall not apply.’’. (6) In section 30442(b)(4), strike subparagraphs (A) and (B) and insert the following: ‘‘(A) GENERAL AUTHORITY .—For purposes of enabling the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, and consistent with the Standing Rules of the Senate, there is authorized from the date of enactment of this Act through February 28, 2019, $500,000 to be allocated— ‘‘(i) in total during the period October 1, 2017 through September 30, 2018; and ‘‘(ii) any remaining amounts shall be carried forward for the period October 1, 2018 through February 28, 2019. ‘‘(B) EXPENSES .—Expenses of the joint committee shall be paid from the contingent fund of the Senate upon vouchers approved by the co chairs, subject to the rules and regulations of the Senate.’’. (7) In section 30442(b)(4)(I)(i), insert ‘‘, consistent with the rules and regulations of the Senate’’ before the period at the end. (8) Strike section 30443 and insert the following: 
‘‘(a) S PECIAL RESERVE .—To enable the joint committee to exercise its powers, functions, and duties under this subtitle, within the funds in the account for ‘Expenses of Inquiries and Investigations’ of the Senate, not more than $500,000 shall be allocated from the special reserve established in S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), for use by the joint committee. ‘‘(b) EXPIRATION .—None of the funds made available by this section may be available for obligation by the joint committee after January 2, 2019. ‘‘(c) AVAILABILITY REQUIREMENTS .—For pur poses of the joint committee, section 20(b) of S. Res. 62, agreed to February 28, 2017 (115th Congress), shall not apply.’’. (9) Strike lines 4–8 on page 232 of the amendment and replace with the following: ‘‘(II) a State false claims act, including a State false claims act with qui tam provisions, or’’. (10) At the end of division G, strike the following: ‘‘.’’. ‘‘(c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to deaths of first responders occurring on or after the date of the enactment of this Act.’’. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 36 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at noon for morning hour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3925. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter regarding the ‘‘Pilot Program Regarding RiskBased Contracting for Smaller Contract Actions’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 3926. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s report on TRANSCOMDLA Roles and Responsibilities; to the Committee on Armed Services. 3927. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report ‘‘Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now’’, pursuant to Public Law 112144, Sec. 805; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3928. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Listing of Color Additives Exempt From Certification; Calcium Carbonate; Confirmation of Effective Date [Docket No.: FDA2016C 2767] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3929. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s direct final rule — Removal of Certain Time of Inspection and Duties of Inspector Regulations for Biological Products [Docket No.: FDA2017 N7007] (RIN: 0910AH49) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3930. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the annual report entitled, ‘‘PRO IP Act FY 2017’’, pursuant to 34 U.S.C. 30106(a); Public Law 110403, Sec. 404(a); (122 Stat. 4274); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3931. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the Department’s annual report on the activities of the Community Relations Service for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 2000g3; Public Law 88352, Sec. 1004; (78 Stat. 267); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 3932. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Savannah River, Savannah, GA [Docket No.: USCG20170973] (RIN: 1625AA00) received February 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3933. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Oregon Inlet, Dare County, NC [Docket No.: USCG20170964] (RIN: 1625AA00) received February 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3934. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Spa Creek, Annapolis, MD [Docket No.: USCG20170994] (RIN: 1625AA00) received February 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3935. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Ashley River, Charleston, SC [Docket No.: USCG20160776] (RIN: 1625AA09) received February 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3936. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Drawbridge Operation Regulation; Quantuck Canal, Westhampton Beach, NY [Docket No.: USCG 20170311] (RIN: 1625AA09) received February 5, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3937. A letter from the Program Analyst, NHTSA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Uniform Procedures for State Highway Safety Grant Programs [Docket No.: NHTSA 20160057] (RIN: 2127AL71) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3938. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31173; Amdt. No.: 3782] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3939. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31175; Amdt. No.: 3783] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3940. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31176; Amdt. No.: 3784] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3941. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Takeoff Minimums and Obstacle Departure Procedures; Miscellaneous Amendments [Docket No.: 31172; Amdt. No.: 3781] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3942. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Carrabassett, ME [Docket No.: FAA20170610; Airspace Docket No.: 17ANE 3] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3943. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Lebanon, MO [Docket No.: FAA 20170176; Airspace Docket No.: 17ACE3] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3944. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Charles City, IA [Docket No.: FAA 20170949; Airspace Docket No.: 17ACE11] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3945. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class E Airspace; Kane, PA [Docket No.: FAA2017 1060; Airspace Docket No.: 17AEA19] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3946. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Amendment of Class D Airspace and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Fort Eustis, VA [Docket No.: FAA20170032; Airspace Docket No.: 17AEA1] received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3947. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. [Docket No.: FAA 20180015; Product Identifier 2017CE045AD; Amendment 3919158; AD 20180205] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3948. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA 20171201; Product Identifier 2017SW068AD; Amendment 3919155; AD 20180202] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3949. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Airbus Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA 20170716; Product Identifier 2016NM165AD; Amendment 3919165; AD 20180212] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3950. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corporation Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20170896; Product Identifier 2017SW034AD; Amendment 39 19166; AD 20180213] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3951. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170993; Product Identifier 2017CE026AD; Amendment 3919168; AD 20180215] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3952. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Augusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20170939; Product Identifier 2017 SW057AD; Amendment 3919174; AD 201803 01] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3953. A letter from the Management and Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bombardier Inc., Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20170621; Product Identifier 2017 NM049AD; Amendment 3919169; AD 201802 16] (RIN: 2120AA64) received February 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 3954. A letter from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Finalizing Medicare Rules under Section 902 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 for Calendar Year (CY) 2017’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395hh(a)(3)(D); Public Law 108173, Sec. 902(a)(1); (117 Stat. 2375); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1417. A bill to amend the National Law Enforcement Museum Act to allow the Museum to acquire, receive, possess, collect, ship, transport, import, and display firearms, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–548). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 3948. A bill to prohibit the Securities and Exchange Commission from compelling a person to produce or furnish algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena, and for other purposes; with amendments (Rept. 115–549). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Ms. FOXX: Committee on Education and the Workforce. H.R. 4508. A bill to support students in completing an affordable postsecondary education that will prepare them to enter the workforce with the skills they need for lifelong success; with an amendment (Rept. 115–550). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. SESSIONS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 734. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at halfstaff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty (Rept. 115–551). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
[Omitted from the Record of February 7, 2018] By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4964. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require that children’s cosmetics containing talc include an appropriate warning unless the cosmetics are demonstrated to be asbestosfree, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. [Filed on February 8, 2018] By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 4977. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit for certain facilities that remediate and reclaim coal refuse sites in the United States by producing electricity from coal refuse; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mrs. BLACK (for herself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 4978. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit high deductible health plans to provide chronic disease prevention services to plan enrollees prior to satisfying their plan deductible; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. NEAL, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. SMITH of Nebraska, Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. MEEHAN ): H.R. 4979. A bill to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. VEASEY (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. P LASKETT , Ms. L EE, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. S IRES, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas): H.R. 4980. A bill to prohibit the use of funds for certain parades; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORMAN (for himself and Mr. KHANNA ): H.R. 4981. A bill to terminate certain lifetime benefits provided to former Members of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 4982. A bill to limit the authority of the President to carry out largescale military parades; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4983. A bill to amend part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to provide for the placement of a foster child in a cottage home, and to make a child so placed eligible for foster care maintenance payments; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, and Mr. LUETKEMEYER ): H.R. 4984. A bill to amend the National Agricultural Research, Extension, and Teaching Policy Act of 1977 to allow for 1890 institutions to carry over an increased percentage of extension funding received during the previous fiscal year; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BABIN (for himself, Mr. YOUNG  of Alaska, Mr. GOSAR , and Mr. LAMALFA ): H.R. 4985. A bill to restore an opportunity for tribal economic development on terms that are equal and fair, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 4986. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to reauthorize appropriations for the Federal Communications Commission, to provide for certain procedural changes to the rules of the Commission to maximize opportunities for public participation and efficient decisionmaking, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BURGESS (for himself, Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. LEVIN): H.R. 4987. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for technical amendments to the Meritbased Incentive Payment System under Medicare; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BUSTOS (for herself and Mr. BOST): H.R. 4988. A bill to establish nonrecourse conservation assistance loans for loan commodities produced on certain farms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself and Mr. MCCAUL): H.R. 4989. A bill to require the Department of State to establish a policy regarding the use of locationtracking consumer devices by employees at diplomatic and consular facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4990. A bill to amend part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to require States to follow certain procedures in placing a child who has been removed from the custody of his or her parents; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. DONOVAN (for himself, Miss RICEof New York, and Mr. K INGof New York): H.R. 4991. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the National Urban Security Technology Laboratory, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut (for herself and Mr. LANCE ): H.R. 4992. A bill to amend the Clean Air Act to direct permitting authorities to notify municipalities within 30 miles of a source of certain permit applications and proposed permits, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. HIGGINS of New York): H.R. 4993. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to authorize the designation of additional taxable vaccines; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 4994. A bill to repeal section 115 of the Clean Air Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Mr. PAYNE , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Miss RICEof New York, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. KEATING , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. C ORREA , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. R ICHMOND , and Mr. VELA): H.R. 4995. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to establish a contractor review process with respect to certain contracts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4996. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that individuals who naturalized under title III of that Act, who are affiliated with a criminal gang, are subject to revocation of citizenship, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Mr. EVANS , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D ENT, Mr. S MUCKER , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. LOBIONDO , and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania): H. Res. 735. A resolution congratulating the Philadelphia Eagles on their victory in Super Bowl LII; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII By Mr. BARLETTA: H.R. 4977. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mrs. BLACK: H.R. 4978. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8 of Article I: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; Amendment XVI: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several states, and without regard to any census or enumeration. Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 4979. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. CONST. art. I, §8, cl. 1 and 3 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises,, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . .;’’ and ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes . . . .’’ Mr. VEASEY: H.R. 4980. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 4981. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 4982. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 4983. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause I states ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for . . . the general Welfare of the United States . . .’’ Mr. ADAMS: H.R. 4984. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution Mr. BABIN: H.R. 4985. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mrs. BLACKBURN: H.R. 4986. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 ‘‘necessary and proper’’ clause. Mr. BURGESS: H.R. 4987. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mrs. BUSTOS: H.R. 4988. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 4989. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Constitutional Authority—Necessary and Proper Clause (Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 18) THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. By Mrs. DINGELL: H.R. 4990. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority of Congress to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. Mr. DONOVAN: H.R. 4991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. ESTY of Connecticut: H.R. 4992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 4993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The Congress enacts this bill pursuant to Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 4994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 4995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, that Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper. By Mr. ZELDIN: H.R. 4996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 35: Mrs. H ARTZLER . H.R. 66: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 83: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 93: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 173: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 174: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 253: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 328: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 392: Mr. MOOLENAAR and Mr. R USH. H.R. 400: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 788: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 790: Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 820: Mr. CARTER of Texas. H.R. 878: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 1002: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1150: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 1160: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1290: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 1536: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 1614: Ms. MENGand Mr. O’R OURKE . H.R. 1626: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H.R. 1676: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 1683: Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1772: Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. MATSUI , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, and Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1928: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. POLIQUIN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. YODER , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 2069: Mrs. DINGELL and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 2077: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2149: Mr. PALMER . H.R. 2184: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 2212: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 2215: Mr. SCHIFF and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 2242: Mr. POCAN . H.R. 2315: Mr. BARR. H.R. 2401: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 2472: Ms. JAYAPAL . H.R. 2475: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. KENNEDY , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 2514: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Ms. B LUNT  ROCHESTER , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. S OTO, and Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 2552: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2777: Mr. CONNOLLY . H.R. 2852: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 2902: Mr. CLAY, Ms. M AXINE WATERS of California, Mr. CONNOLLY , and Mr. S UOZZI . H.R. 2938: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 2974: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. P AYNE . H.R. 2987: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 3174: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 3301: Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. MEEKS , Mrs. R OBY, and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 3347: Mr. B LUMENAUER . H.R. 3600: Mr. ROKITA . H.R. 3624: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3642: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 3684: Mr. NADLER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. PETERS , and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 3761: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3773: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 3849: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 3956: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 4131: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4202: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER . H.R. 4222: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4253: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4311: Mr. CONAWAY and Mr. W ENSTRUP . H.R. 4316: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 4328: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4334: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 4392: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4403: Mr. VALADAO and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4413: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4476: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 4501: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 4518: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4527: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 4548: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S OTO, and Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4549: Mrs. TORRES , and Ms. R OS LEHTINEN . H.R. 4582: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 4584: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 4659: Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. H ULTGREN . H.R. 4660: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4682: Mr. LONG. H.R. 4690: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4691: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4693: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 4706: Mr. DESJARLAIS , Mr. R OKITA , and Mr. SWALWELL of California. H.R. 4732: Mr. KINGof Iowa, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. L ARSON of Con necticut, and Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4744: Mr. ESPAILLAT and Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4747: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 4783: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H.R. 4811: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4844: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 4886: Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 4906: Mr. PASCRELL . H.R. 4916: Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. BANKS of Indiana, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and Mr. YODER . H.R. 4918: Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. H.R. 4932: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. LAWRENCE , and Mr. C APUANO . H.R. 4940: Mr. HIGGINS of New York. H.R. 4945: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 4949: Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 4961: Mr. O’ROURKE . H. Con. Res. 99: Ms. KAPTUR . H. Res. 15: Mr. JONES and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H. Res. 134: Mr. PAYNE . H. Res. 161: Ms. NORTON . H. Res. 403: Mrs. DINGELL . H. Res. 466: Mr. DIAZBALART and Mr. TAKANO . H. Res. 621: Ms. MOORE and Mr. L EWIS of Georgia. H. Res. 683: Mr. YARMUTH . H. Res. 697: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 699: Mr. SERRANO and Ms. D ELAURO . H. Res. 707: Ms. HANABUSA . H. Res. 712: Mr. ROEof Tennessee. H. Res. 720: Mr. MEEKS and Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas. H. Res. 730: Mr. PETERSON , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. CRAWFORD . H. Res. 731: Mr. ESPAILLAT . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S793 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2018 No. 25 
The Senate met at 10:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable PATRICK J. T OOMEY , a Senator from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal Spirit, our lamp and light, we praise Your Holy Name. Lord, You are our strength and shield, enabling us to be surefooted even when standing on mountain heights. Stay with our lawmakers. Support them with Your mighty hand and keep their feet from slipping. Enable our Senators to one day stand before Your presence with great joy. Show them Your greatness until the things of Earth grow strangely dim in the light of Your glory and grace. We pray in Your majestic Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 